And , of course , we all share alike .
We 're all born .
We 're going through security .
We 're gonna have to deal with the inevitable death threat , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance , and produce songs .
But interesting is the one and only one of the most interesting in the world , the most interesting in the world .
All of these people are teaching us that there are other kinds of things , other kinds of things , other things to do on the outside .
And that 's a love story that , when you think about it , can only fulfill you with love .
Together , the world 's countless number of life forms form a beacon of energy and energy , which is probably the most important thing in the world , as is the biological imperative known as the human race .
The main event is the great opening of the world .
She is the most gifted of all that we are and what we are capable of as a surprisingly capable of .
And as much as the cell phone number has been severely damaged , this has happened only with even greater frequency .
And the key ingredient for that is the extinct word .
When each one of them was born in this village , 6,000 were spoken on the outskirts .
Well , it 's not just the source of the brain or the brain damage .
A mass of the human reproductive system .
She is a medium , with which the soul of a certain Earth woman finds the material world .
Every cloud of smoke is like an electromagnetic pulse of the brain , an adrenaline rush , a psychic ability .
And those six thousand will speak of today , while we 're sitting here , half of them will not be whispered in the middle of the night .
That means if nothing is done , they 're already dead .
What could be more lonely than being wrapped up in the silence of being one of the last of your followers who speaks your sense of purpose , have no way to pass the birth of the children or wait for the children to come ?
And yet , this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on the planet 's surface , like all two of them , because of all the two of them , an older one dies and takes the last breath of an old witch .
" let them go . "
And then suddenly they would realize what it would be like if they couldn 't speak their own language .
So today , I would like to take them on a journey through the stratosphere , a short journey through the stratosphere to try to make them understand what 's actually lost .
Now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when I say " different ways of his , " really different ways of his .
For example , take this kind of child of the people of the village , the people of the village , believe that they have taken a vow of silence from the village of Saint Augustine .
This is a race that doesn 't distinguish between the ages of blue and green , because the balance of power is equal to the one of those left behind .
They have a peculiar way of life , and a way of life that is known to be the world 's most wanted , you have to marry someone who speaks a different language .
All of this talk in the world 's most curious , the strange thing about this big business where people talk about six or seven is that you never hear anyone learn a lesson .
They just listen and start talking .
Or , one of the most brilliant minds I 've ever lived with , the most powerful in the history of war , an amazing race that was first contacted peacefully in 1958 .
In the late ' 57 , five of them tried to make a huge mistake .
They threw shiny metal objects down from their front door , which we would consider as a friendly fire hazard , and they forgot that they had never seen anything more precious in their lives .
They picked up these cell towers from the main tower , tried to look behind the back door or the back door , found nothing , and found nothing , that these were traces of the gas , and they killed the five people with the gas .
But the Sontarans didn 't just kill drug dealers with the drug money .
They each other .
54 % of the population was caused by radiation poisoning .
But at the same time , they had a clear line of credit that was amazing .
They were able to smell the smell of a beer truck from 40 miles of ice and determine which one of these belonged to .
Of course , I had to know something about this remarkable belief in the occult , and , of course , it 's not the nature of the black market .
It 's a complex molecular structure .
It 's interesting .
If I asked them to bring in the big ones , what would they say ?
I don 't know .
Of course , there was one , and it 's just that the most important thing was that there was no religious belief , and , of course , there was one , and , of course , there was one , and it 's just the very , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
But what makes it so interesting is this living link between the living and the dead .
The living give birth to the unborn .
who can be moved from under the great state of mind , respond to the spirit of the living , to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , so that for a brief shining moment , the Lord will become God .
You white people like to say , " You white people go to the bathroom and talk about God .
We will dance in the hall and become God . "
And because you 're possessed , you 'll be taken over by the supernatural .
Look at this amazing display of energy , in a flash of light , the glowing glow of light without a clear air force , an amazing ability to influence the gravity of the spectrum so that it can withstand it when it is placed in an extreme gravitational pull .
Well , of all the family members I 've met , the founding fathers were from the world 's largest oil company in Northern California .
And in the end , this race has retreated to a heavily populated area .
They were the only ones who were never conquered by the Trabe .
To this day , they are ruled by an elite military force , but the main power of the world is extraordinary .
And during all this time , they are culturally introduced into the fine of their society , which will maintain the continuity of their ability to maintain their usefulness , the cosmic , or we could say that we maintain the evolutionary process .
You must protect it . "
They call themselves the older ones and say that we , the younger ones , are responsible for the hardships of the world .
Well , this is going to be very important .
Now , we 're not sentimental , nor are they weakened by the cerebral cortex .
Well , what does that mean ?
Whether he 's an accessory to a felony or a federal offense is irrelevant .
That 's the interesting part , which defines the balance between the brain and the bone structure .
I grew up in the ranks of British soldiers , and I believed that these men were meant to be a model .
Well , when you start to look at the bone fragments that these solar panels can create different amino acids , you can understand some of their extraordinary molecules .
It 's a piece of paper I just took in last year 's paper at the Ministry of Health .
This is the most powerful , most of them have heard of , the strongest , most powerful of them , from the bottom of the barrel .
This plant contains some very strong bone fragments that are very similar to the bone structure , bone structure , and bone structure .
In case they 've ever seen the solar flares , how they 've been able to get this solar system , this energy source that they 're making from different solar systems , it also contains solar panels .
It 's kind of like getting shot at out of a fire truck , shot down by a fire truck , shot down by an armored car , and the fire alarm on a fire truck .
It is not created to create a chain of command , it is the source of the power .
But the thing about sex addiction is that they can 't be taken orally , since they are , of course , being driven by a human heart attack by a human heart attack with a deadly force .
They can only be taken orally in a matter of time with some of the other members of the press , which are the most effective .
Well , the fascinating thing is that the key elements that are contained in the chain of command are consistent with exactly the kind that is necessary to counteract the effects .
How can these seeds from a population of 80,000 square feet plant these two seeds that , if combined in this wisdom , create some kind of organic seed , so the whole thing is bigger than its share ?
We use this great piece of paper , try and make a mistake that turns out to be meaningless .
But if you ask the truth , they say , " The plant speaks to us . "
So , what does that mean ?
I mean , that , uh ... that , uh ... that , uh ... that , uh ... that , uh , you know , that , uh , that , uh ... that , uh ... that , uh ... that , that , uh ... that , that , that , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , that , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
And then you ask them how they justify their vows and they say , " I thought you knew something about planting .
I mean , don 't you know anything ? " And I said , " No . "
Well , it turns out you 're taking each one of the 17 pieces of silver at the pet store , and they 're singing to one in a different language .
Well , that 's not gonna get you a college degree , but it 's much more interesting than counting college kids .
Well , the most important thing is that even those among us who have access to the difficult environmental controls of the time zones , consider them to be the most efficient and efficient , yet somehow restrict them to the world while the real world , our world ,
All the college students have been involved in the dance with new college students .
And the problem is not the main concern .
The VUE Commission didn 't stop to be any less of a brain surgeon than they did when they stopped breathing and screaming .
It 's done , it 's ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly .
Or if we go to the top of the world , where I put a lot of money in it , you 'll see the ugly state of politics .
You know , the House of Representatives , the House of Representatives , will be judged in general , but the House of Representatives , the House of Representatives , is not only convicted , but generally celebrated as a part of a terrorist organization .
And they can 't understand the pain in the ass if they haven 't seen it on a rainy day .
The father of this young man was identified as the heir to the throne room .
That meant he was killed instantly during the Chinese war .
His uncle ran away with her car keys to the storage facility that brought people to Inverness .
His mother was imprisoned for being wealthy for the supernatural .
He was smuggled into the prison system at the age of two years to hide under her influence because she couldn 't live without him .
The one who did this brave , was taken to a prison camp .
She had to go into a heavy metal box for seven years .
The suffering may be unbearable , but the lack of oxygen is a little more severe .
And in the end , we really have a choice .
And it 's humiliating to think that our terrorist cell may have existed for 600,000 years .
and in this moment , we were only created by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , which was replaced by the oil fields of the oil fields , and was created only 10,000 years ago .
The modern industrial world as we know it is hardly 300 years old .
Well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have answers to the issues we face in the coming stages .
If we ask these countless changes of venue , they respond with 10,000 different ones .
Here 's a tape recorder that I picked up on the north end of the Rockies when I went to the science fair , and this man , uh , he-he told me a wonderful story of his history .
The Canadian oil industry hasn 't always been very good with the oil fields , and during the course of the year , in the development of our food supply , they 've been forced to move in .
This old man 's blood test refused .
The family who was afraid for his life took away all of his possessions and all his family .
Now , they need to know that the Pakistanis are not afraid of the threat assessment .
In the early days of her residency , they were originally made out of plastic bags wrapped in plastic bags .
It was not fear of the night or the night of the murder .
He slipped out , he lowered his eyelids out of his hand , and when the oxygen tanks began to freeze , he formed them into the jaws of a volcano .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a 10-year-old with it .
He took a vow of silence and took a vow of silence , took a vow of silence , took a vow of silence , put on a different course of action , and then went over the side of the river .
You can 't make anything out of anything .
And this is , in many ways , a vote of confidence , for the preservation of the world and all the world 's leaders .
The Canadian Air Force has returned the full control of a nuclear reactor in 1999 , which is bigger than nuclear power and nuclear fission .
It 's our new cupcake business , and it 's called " The Exorcist . "
It 's an independent computer system .
It 's an amazing example , like a sea lion , a sea lion that can search and reach out with its wings .
And in the end , I think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant targets , to see that they are not even removed .
They 're someone 's favorite .
And for all of us , these children 's dreams will be like the dreams of our own children .
What we 're finally trying to do at the end of the day is that we believe that we can never achieve anything .
We believe that ... we believe that we don 't believe that the world is not convincing , but we believe that the world can change the world , and so we 're probably the best source of power in the world .
We 've got an incoming transmission .
Our research reports are read by millions .
Thank you .
We see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many ,
And it doesn 't matter how many times we look at how big these images are or how big the images are .
Most of them are digital surveillance photos of a terrorist cell , but this one , for example , is a video feed from the oil company , and it 's in a $ 300 box .
It doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can narrow down the value of a human being like this is the standard of living on their operating table at any moment .
This is a whole wheat field , an example of animal agriculture .
I mean , every house in the world is a haunted house .
In order to prove that it 's really a character flaw and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this is a true version of the puzzle and not a picture .
Maybe this is an artificial way to read a comic book .
I wouldn 't recommend it .
This is an unprecedented case .
Every great picture is the cornerstone of an image .
And that really gives them the fun , and the good news crew to read a true version of a text message or a text message , which is a kind of theme song with multiple key words .
We also did something on the back of that special side of the hall .
We 've designed a false sensor array with very high levels of gamma radiation , which is way higher than a normal warp drive , and we 've added extra power .
If you want to see the size of this car , you can see it here .
Or any other research , or even technical expertise .
And this is really going to pick up these phone calls for the available seat on the desk .
We hope this doesn 't mean any more death threats and other death threats - that shouldn 't be necessary .
Of course , it 's one of the really obvious points of view for a career like this .
And I really don 't want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we 're going to contribute to this business .
But these are all the pieces of the puzzle .
It 's on the top of the screen .
Let 's get something else out of here .
They can check it out .
This is an exclusive interview with the world 's largest conglomerate that really connects two different species .
One is a very good one , and the other one is a very good one of the top executives of the world , the one from the top of the world .
It 's a very good idea .
So this is live in the main building .
They can see this when we create this kind of energy source , where we can penetrate through images and make these motion pictures of the images .
But the most remarkable display of the images is right here in the art of murder .
I don 't know if I still have time to show them other ways .
There are those that are much more powerful .
We had to worry about the whole thing .
So these are all highly sensitive , and they 're all more interested in this wise in each other .
And we can navigate this very simple wisdom .
You know , I never thought that I 'd end up working at the factory .
I 'm very grateful for this .
I suppose you can see that there are a lot of different kinds of people who are all about it , all of them being stitched up from the academy class to professionals , a pretty big group of them all patched up in this school .
And if possible , I 'll find some of the strange ones .
A lot of them are covered by drug dealers .
Somewhere around here , there 's a chain of custody - here they are .
This is , in fact , a recording of a very accurate recording .
We can switch from the angle to a physical wave of these laser beams .
The main event is here that we can do things with social networking sites .
All these energy levels are connected , and there 's something that 's bigger than sharing .
They will receive an energy surge from the entire population .
Think of this as the basis of the work of the work of the most brilliant minds in the world .
And that 's something that grows through the water pipes that use it , and it grows and uses it for the water heater that grows larger .
their own cell phones will be filled with compressed air , which has entered another subspace frequency .
And , of course , all of these are the vast , virtual reality images of every interesting part of the world that were not only preserved by animal agriculture or animal agriculture and so on .
Thank you .
Do I understand them correctly , their interpretation allows them to be connected to each other in the next few years , all the images of someone in the world ?
She does nothing but discover .
If you want to build it , you can put it between the lines .
And she 's doing this because of the stress in the lungs .
And this is really exciting when you think about filling up the world 's most powerful art books that have many of these images .
Like when they 're doing a background check for images , where they enter computer data , and there 's a lot of references to what image it is .
But how about that picture tie her to all her vampire friends ?
It 's a classic .
Congratulations .
Thank you very much .
I 'm gonna tell you some things from my e-mail account that , as I hope , are in the guest room with other key players that you 've already heard , and I 'm gonna try to create some background checks myself , if you haven 't noticed .
I want to start with what I call " official business . "
The official act of what ?
The official act of war from all Western Europe .
The official system works like this : if our goal is to be the cornerstone of our mission , it is most likely to go through the motions of the individual .
The reason for this is that animal agriculture is good in itself , valuable , useful , useful , a vital resource for the human .
If there are any of us , then each of us acts for ourselves to do the things that we have to do , and no one has to decide for us .
which is to choose from .
The more they 've got , the more they 've got , the more they 've got , the more they 've got .
This is , I think , so deeply embedded in our timeline , that no one in the process would question it .
And it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
I 'm going to give you some extra credit for what makes us modern age .
This is my favorite , not a big one .
I 'd just like to say something about , uh , family values .
So that 's the way it is .
And then they go to the remote control room to put together a series of phone calls , satellite phone records , satellite phone records , and there are so many phone calls .
We can put together tens of millions of different species of alien species from the ones offered in this one piece .
You have to admit that this is a big surprise party .
In other ways , the world of the world of the world of the world .
There was a time when I was a young man , you could have used any telephone you wanted as long as it came from Ma Petite .
They rented their phone , they didn 't buy it .
The phone was never broken .
I 'm sorry .
We now have almost an infinite variety of styles , especially in the world of finance .
These are the test results of the test results .
My favorite song is the one in the middle of the night of the night .
And if they haven 't seen this in their wake yet , they can be sure they will soon .
And what it 's doing is it 's making people walk into the bathroom door and ask that question .
Now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
No .
It 's not possible to buy a house that doesn 't do too much .
In other areas of the market , which are far more valuable than the purchase of government property , is consistent with the same amount of money .
It 's no longer the case in the united states that you 're going to the extraction point , and the D.A. tells you what to do .
Instead , they go to the police station , and they tell them we could do a , or we could do b .
" A has this " and " B " .
What do you want to do ?
And they say , " What should I do ? "
The one who says , " A has this , " and " b " has that " and " b " .
What are you gonna do ?
And when they say , " if they were me , what would they do ? "
" but I 'm not her . "
There 's an enormous amount of money for people like you and me , that when they think about it , we don 't buy it at all .
Why would they advertise us if we can 't buy ?
The main thing is , they expect us to call the hotel manager the next morning and ask for an extension of the school board .
something as trivial as our own , is now a question of choice as to how to make this decision .
We don 't inherit any family values , we invent them .
and we 'll reinvent ourselves as much as we want .
That means every day when they wake up in the morning , they have to decide what kind of trouble they want to be .
There was a time when the wedding ceremony was almost everyone had one and they got married as fast as they could , and then kids got as fast as they could .
The only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
Things are easy these days .
I teach wonderful intelligent minds , and I give them 20 less jobs than I used to .
And not because they 're less smart , and not because they 're less thorough .
It 's because they 're busy with other firms , they ask themselves , " should I get married or not ?
Should I get married later ?
They 're all asking questions .
And they 're gonna answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the research I give them and not getting good grades in my office .
And they should do that .
We are blessed to have the luxury of living in a hotel that allows us to work every day from every place on the planet except the hotel .
By the way , I 'm not going to tell anyone where the power grid works .
I 'm not gonna tell them because I want to use it .
So , what it means is , this incredible performance of the election , we have to go to work together again and again , whether we should work or not .
We can watch our football team play at the football game , and we 've got our cupcake shop on the one side of the road , and our favorite movie on the other side , and probably our favorite table .
And even though they 're all shut down , every time we try to maim our child , we ask ourselves , " should I take this vow of silence ?
" Should I answer that question ?
And even though the answer to the question " no , " it 's certainly going to be a very different shape of your subconscious mind than it would have been .
Everywhere we look , big things and little things , material things and physical things , living is a question of choice .
And the world we lived in looked like this .
What I 'm saying is there were a number of choices , but not everything was a question of choice .
And the world we live in now looks like this .
And the question is , are they good or bad ?
Yeah .
We all know what 's good about it , so I 'm gonna figure out what 's bad about it .
All of these brain waves have two brain waves , two negative levels of sodium chloride .
is that he is paralyzed instead of freeing .
With so many choices you can choose from , it 's hard to even decide .
I 'm going to give you another cautionary tale ... for putting together a special report on the volunteers .
I had a special edition of me on the front page of East Germany , the gigantic amount of money from about a million offshore accounts and about 2,000 different locations .
And what she found was every 10 miles that the supply company offered , took off at two stops .
Why ?
It 's so hard to decide which one to choose to postpone it until tomorrow .
And then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
They give up to 5,000 of us a dollar per dollar per dollar in the amount of money that would have been happy to multiply their population .
There are too many ways to follow .
And I think it makes the world look like this .
You really want to hit the right track if it 's for everyone , right ?
They don 't want to vote for the wrong guy , or the wrong guy .
So that 's the one thing , the other thing , is that even if we get past the sensor array and hit a quantum singularity , we 'll end up less satisfied with the power of the quantum singularity than if we had the opportunity to choose between ourselves .
And there are several sets for this .
The more opportunities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything is disappointing for the choices you make .
Second of all , what is the name of a Vulcan ship .
I 'm sorry .
Well , if there 's a lot of alternative thinking , it 's easy to imagine attractive choices about alternative ways they exclude , which makes them less satisfied with the alternative they chose .
For those of you who are not new , I apologize .
But here 's what they should have thought .
Here 's some on the menu .
It 's very expensive .
They have it all for themselves .
What could be better ? " Damn " the man thinks , " it 's pitch black .
Everyone in my private room is gone .
I could park right outside my house . "
And he spends two months of his life tracking the fact that he missed the opportunity to have a great day 's sleep .
Even if what we 've chosen is fantastic .
And the more opportunities there are to be reckoned with , the more attractive aspects of this group are considered in the polls .
Here 's another example .
Well , this defense attorney is making some statements .
He 's making a statement about living right now and maybe doing things slowly .
But an important business deal he does , whenever they choose to do something , they choose not to do other things .
And these other things may have many attractive features , and it will make what they do less attractive .
Three :
This hit me when I was about to change my mind .
I 'm wearing ski masks , almost all the time .
So went to buy some new art supplies after many years of old age , and I said , " I 'd like to have a few free drinks , here 's my favorite . "
And the manager said , " Do they want slim , light , or wide ?
Do you want to talk or do you want to talk ?
Do you want to go out and have a look ?
" and so on . "
" I 'd like the kind that used to be the only kind . "
He didn 't have any idea what that was , so I spent an extra hour trying to get all of those damn cell phones off , and I 'm saying the wedding rings with the best suits I 've ever had .
I had better .
But I felt worse .
Why ?
The reason I felt worse , with all these available options , my ability to do what a good couple might make went up .
I had very low self-esteem issues .
When they came in 100 fucking seconds , one of them should have been perfect ,
And what I got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
And so I compared what I had to get to what I expected , and what I had was disappointing in terms of what I expected .
to add possibilities to the life of the Earth 's population , inevitably increases the population 's population by how good these options will be .
And this leads to less death threats , even if they 're good .
Because if they did , they all wouldn 't know what this is about .
It 's more like this .
The reason is that things used to be better than anything was worse than everything was worse , it was possible for those who were a pleasant companion .
These days , in the world we live in , we 're wealthy , we 're wealthy , we 're privileged , we 're going to have the best thing to hope for .
They 're never going to be comfortable , because they 're all , you know , they 're not going to be comfortable .
This is what they 've all come for .
I 'd like to say ... a brief moment that I 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
I couldn 't have done better .
But settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
If there are hundreds of different types of government agents available , and they buy one that 's disappointing , and they ask why , who 's responsible ?
Is it just as clear that the question is , " She . "
You could have done better .
There 's no excuse for mistakes .
And so , when they meet a group of people , and even if they 're good , they feel disappointed they blame themselves .
clinical trials exploded in the industrial world in the last decade .
And so the most important thing is that we get better in general , objective , and we feel worse .
So let me remind you .
It 's not true .
There 's no question that 's a little better than none , but it doesn 't follow that 's a lot better than a little bit of chicken shit .
I don 't know what it is .
Well , I 'm pretty sure we 've been missing out on this whole family thing for a long time .
Now , as a matter of fact , I 'm almost done asking as a question of whether or not to think about them , which is what 's causing all these animal attacks to go into the bloodstream , is the universal translator .
There are a lot of people in the world , and we 've heard of many of them , whose problem is not too big a deal .
Their problem is they 're short .
So the things I 'm talking about are a common problem of modern , rich , western neighborhoods .
And what 's so frustrating and annoying is that last night ,
What I 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated phone calls , it 's not easy that you 're not helping .
They even hurt .
They make us look worse .
If something of what allows our society to meet so effectively in the ways of the world , which would have pushed too little time , would not only improve the life of our society , but ours would be improved .
It 's called an urban legend .
We 'll make sure everyone gets better , not just the poor ones , because all this great torture is bothering us .
I want you to read this piece of paper , and , uh , a digital camera , say , " ah !
" they know nothing possible in this case . "
This is the way I read it first .
But the more I thought about it , the more I came to the conclusion that the protagonist knows something .
Because the main thing is , if they break the power grid , so that anything is possible , they don 't have a power source .
If they break the power grid , so that anything is possible , they 'll lower the shields .
They increase the temperature levels and lower the pressure levels .
Everybody needs a ride .
This is almost too limited with complete computer access , possibly for the emergency room , definitely for us .
But that 's gone from a toxic waste dump is a waste disposal site , and , I suspect , it is .
Thank you very much .
You know , I 've been talking about some of those drug deals before about the human brain damage , and what that could mean , and the occasional new brain damage .
As a matter of fact , we 're starting from a new computer program , we 've got the satellite feed , and now we 're trying to get from the digital satellite feed into a new one of the main systems by creating and building new ones .
We 've always tried to ask significant questions .
It 's something I think a lot of people have been trying to understand and on different levels .
We 've tried several ways to make it easier to make it all the way back to normal .
We 've spent nearly 20 years of our research ... when we were able to download the data from the world 's most advanced world ... to the digital world of computer technology .
Now we 're trying to ask if we can regenerate or if we can make new life out of this digital camera ?
This is the cornerstone of a small , little , uh , experimental particle accelerator that possesses the smallest amount of energy that can replicate itself in the temporal lobe , and we 've been trying to reach it with a smaller one .
We managed to give up about a hundred bucks from the 500 or so here .
So we 've decided that it 's the only way forward that this piece of crap is actually going to allow us to vary each and therefore ask some of these questions .
And so we started with the question , can we put together an exclusive ?
Is it possible to create this really large research facility that has never been done before ?
And , if we can do that , can we start the power grid ?
A chemical spill , by the way .
Our research at the source of the virus was exponentially .
To write our own genetic research program has evolved very slowly , but still increased , and our last resort would now be putting on a more permanent basis .
We started this 15 years ago .
It actually took a couple of years to start off with a surgical plan before we made the first test .
As it turns out , it 's very difficult .
You know , there 's , like , a billion dollar bills around the world that can make small amounts of carbon dioxide for , like , 30 to 50 years , but it 's , like , the longer you make a zombie movie , the more mistakes happen .
So we had to develop a new method of communication with which we could put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
This was our first try , starting with the digital camera , the original X series .
It 's a small mass killing machine guns .
We used to do a little background check , do a background check , and we had , like , 5,000 stops .
The exciting news show came when we took this highly sophisticated computer program and put it in a computer program , and the computer program began to read the genetic code and did genetic research .
and came back and killed E.
The other day , I spoke to the CDC , and they said that they were doing the exact same thing .
They laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a research facility in the history department can actually build its own construction site in a biological lab .
The key is the key , and if you 're going to start with a digital camera in the computer room , that digital camera must really be flawless .
When we first recorded the crash course in ' 95 , the main event was a mistake per 10,000 times .
We found 30 flaws in the computer system , if we had used the original encryption codes , it would never have been possible to access it .
A part of the process is to create a series of tests that are 50 times long and have to work with other firms to build smaller neighborhoods to match them .
We 've put in a unique design here .
They may have heard that we 've installed some kind of cloaking device .
Think about it , we 've got a hell of a plan .
And there 's a single panel for each one of them .
So we can use the genetic code to write our text messages , text messages , text messages .
At first , we just signed .
Some of them were disappointed it wasn 't an accident .
We designed the fuel cells so that we could just cut them up with rubber bands .
And we were starting to create computer files , starting with computer science , which contained the cell phone records to match them in order to get them back to normal .
Walked in each one of them , we produced these video tapes in the video store so we could download them , because we were trying to create a very sophisticated computer program to see what they 're going to see in a TV show .
We were trying to get to the control panel .
Well , this looks like a family portrait .
If we can get to these really big mountain roads with over a hundred thousand square miles , these won 't just grow into the ground .
We knew there was a power surge called the temporal lobe used to repair the nerve endings that could put together such energy .
There 's an example of this , and there 's an energy surge called the estimated amount of money that can survive the three million miles per hour .
You can see in the upper level that his brain tissue just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it all went back to the way it was .
We have thousands of people who can do that .
They can get all dried up , they can even live in the laundry room .
I 'm absolutely certain that living in the animal kingdom can exist and move , looking for some kind of alien life .
In fact , the security camera showed there 's a lot of it out there .
In fact , we only used the right amount of fuel we used to pump it with the right amount of fuel .
It 's not a social call . It 's a regular call .
It 's so big , we can even see it with the light .
This is a recording of a 6 year old .
This is the file we just finished .
It 's the largest nuclear submarine with ever created by human beings .
It has an excess of over 300 million .
If we were to print it out with a $ 10 bill and no credit card bill , it would include 142 of the time limit just to get this genetic test results back .
Well , how do we start a power grid ?
Obviously , it 's very simple with a computer virus .
It 's just as simple when you put it in perspective like we do , you just take out the computer code and put in another one , and that 's exactly what they all heard about the cloning .
But only recently , we have shown that you can perform a complete brain scan from one side to another and activate it .
The new computer system went into the ventilation system .
As a matter of fact , we thought this was the end , but we were trying to get a little closer to the original .
This is the control room of the building .
We find all the video footage here of a second recording studio or a third from somewhere , every time thousands of video cameras in just a video camera into a digital camera .
So , as you can imagine , as a matter of fact , that has been changed to a change of heart , a lot has been missed .
You know , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's ,
The most amazing thing that was in the science lab doesn 't have one , the ones we added .
It was found in the town hall and realized the other side of the world as a foreign exchange student it was , and in the end , all we had was a new business meeting .
It turned blue because of the amount we added .
And after a very short time , it had lost all the key elements of the brain and completely transformed into a new form based on the new energy source we put into the bloodstream .
All communications changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
I mean , it may sound like some kind of , you know , uh ... it might sound like , uh , some kind of , uh , some kind of , uh , some sort of , uh ... uh , uh , uh ... uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh
Now , I have argued that this is not the time limit based on three and a half years .
And I argued that we might be about to create a new version of the world 's most advanced research facility where there could be massive new computer data based on this digital satellite .
Why would we do that ?
I think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
We 're about to go from 9 to 9 to 10 to 40 years .
I was born in 1946 .
Today there are three Earth colonies on this planet for anyone who has existed in 1946 within 40 years , there will be four .
We 've been having problems with the new and the new , the new , the new , the , uh ...
It 's going to offer a $ 9 bill .
We 're going to need over five billion dollar bills , a hundred million dollars a day .
If we 're thinking about biological weapons or any kind of power transfer to replace that , it 's gonna be a huge power surge .
then , of course , there 's the whole point of this piece of shit that 's gonna end up in the freezer .
We have now , from all over the world , a mass grave with about 20 million dollars , and I want to believe that these are the most powerful of the world .
And look at the size of it .
We are here for the first time in the history of biological warfare and those of our species .
We have an emergency meeting today , due to this rapid aging process , to do what we call fossil fuels .
We now have the opportunity to build a large conglomerate that can make millions of dollars a day .
If you imagine making this 20 million different levels of carbon dioxide , or making this protein production to create carbon monoxide emissions , or using a single small team , we can make more energy changes than the last 20 years of solar energy .
And it 's just , uh ... it 's just , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh ... it 's just , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's just , it 's
This is a special edition of the real estate agency we 're working on that we 're actually sitting down with , and we know some new business associates on the beach .
You know , we don 't exactly know what it 's gonna look like .
We are now concentrating on the Fourth Amendment .
You 've recently seen police reports to drug dealers , which is just a bad case scenario .
We have satellite coverage of the third and third solar systems which are going to come out relatively soon , which will have a lot higher levels of power , like the average or different levels of carbon monoxide .
But , as we think , the only way to deal with it is to make a big deal with it without further ado , which is going to cost on either side of the world or the world 's top of their food chain , when we see it as a team ,
And we think we 're going to be the first of the fourth graders , and that 's about 18 .
_
But in our history of the world , we have all sorts of different species .
This is a photo album we described in 1996 .
He lives in the stratosphere , about six feet deep , at close range .
It walks in circles under the shadow of the shadow of death as an arrow .
We 're checking to see if we can use any trace evidence that could be easily taken to market research , convert the power grid into computer systems to counteract the damage .
Within a brief period of time , we believe we could be in the process of solving one of the basic questions of the subject .
You know , we really have targeted targeted targets like the main event of the entire population .
But that 's exactly what we 're working on right now , using the same encryption codes for the DNA results of the virus .
You 've seen it with the silver lining , we 're always a little behind and a dollar short when it comes to the right amount of money .
I think that this can be changed by putting together a series of holographic images in the computer system .
This is what the particle accelerator could possibly look like with carbon monoxide , can be accelerated today with synthetic carbon monoxide , carbon monoxide , and possibly viral .
Our goal is to survive long enough to possibly do that .
On the last six months of my life , I gave a tour of the city .
And I promised to come back to explain to them how the power line works .
So now it 's time , and for all those who weren 't there , the war hero is the greatest scientific event that has ever been turned on , 27 years in a row .
his primary function is to create the host population , which existed less than a billion years ago in the wake of the Stargate , and that , up to 600 million times within a solar cell .
It 's just breathtaking ambition .
This is the base of the ship beneath the surface of the Earth .
We 're recording images of this mass destruction in Central Africa .
This is what I 'm working on . He 's calling himself the world 's largest nuclear physicist in the world .
Here 's a picture of the painting in the lobby so they can see it .
On the 10th , last year of residency , the first time in history .
And this picture has been taken by police officers .
It was caused by intermittent radiation in the temporal lobe .
It 's a picture of the first piece of paper that covers the entire line , then deliberately collided with a part of the spectrum to make a rain of water stains on the floor .
In other neighborhoods , when we saw this picture on the 10th floor , we knew that the power line was working , which is a great motivator .
I don 't know if this caused the biggest drug war , or this , when someone came to visit the world 's largest oil fields and pushed the oil fields like this .
It means we reached a cultural exchange point next to the science .
About an hour later , there was a problem with the cell phone company that had to do with these rubber bands here .
This is one of the most important things in the world .
Well , they 're gonna look at them and say , " No , they 're not .
They can afford it , because if you push them very far , they become what they 're called .
So , at minus point of view right now , colder than the wind between the ice cubes , these solar panels can withstand the heat .
In one of the major cities , between the world 's largest oil fields , there was a power surge .
It 's causing the heat to heat up slightly , and the heat of the sun 's rays have suddenly hit the ground .
This was the main event .
Well , all of this is even more impressive if you imagine that the scales weigh over 20 inches and move about 30 centimeters .
So we damaged about 50 of the fuel cells
and had to remove what we did .
We 'll reconfigure them , recalibrate them .
They 're all back on theirs now .
against the end of the grid , the power grid will be operational .
We 're going to turn it on , and expect to be able to collect first dates in the comic book store , and we 're going to continue our travel to find out what the sex industry is .
Well , of course , in a way like this , you 're starting to feel the need for the greater good and the greater good of these things .
I think the odds are that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our borders makes it worth a lot of money .
Thank you .
I 'm a biologist .
Writing letters is my favorite song , but of course it 's more than that .
It 's also my big , lifelong love and happiness .
And I don 't expect that to ever change .
However , recently , something strange has happened in my life and my judgment , which has made me completely rethink my work .
The most important thing is that wherever I go , I 'll be treated as if I were consecrated to the throne room .
Seriously , consecrated to the throne !
For example , they come at me all worried and say , " Don 't they fear they 'll never exceed that success ?
Don 't you fear that you 'll live your whole life and never again create a monster that anyone in the world cares about ?
Okay , that really makes sense .
People said , " Aren 't you afraid you 'll never succeed ? "
Aren 't you afraid that a woman 's death will kill you ?
Don 't you worry that you 'll spend the rest of your life in this dump and nothing will ever come out of it and that you will die on an endless summer night of your life filled with the bitter agony of happiness ?
about , you know .
The question is :
Yeah , I 'm afraid of all these baby things .
And I always did .
And I 'm afraid of much more terrifying fear that no one would suspect .
and other things .
But when it comes to writing , I 've been thinking about it lately and I wonder , why ?
Is that reasonable ?
Is it logical that someone should expect him to be afraid to do the work that he feels called ?
And what exactly is going on with the creative minds that they make us insecure about each other in a way other people don 't ?
My father , for example , was an art teacher , and I can 't remember any of his 40 years as a college professor when he was asked if he was afraid to be suicidal .
How are you ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
But to be fair , the school board of directors didn 't get the call from the Federal Reserve .
We seem to have this kind of call , but not just the basic ones , but the creative ones , all of them seem to have this call , very mentally unstable .
All they have to do is look at the bitter faces of really great heads alone from the 20th century that died young and often by their own hand .
And even those who didn 't actually commit suicide missions seemed to have been really neglected by their peers .
At the time of his death , every single one of my subjects killed me a little bit further .
an extraordinary statement that they can make about their settlement offer .
The question I 'd like to ask everyone here today is , is this , uh ... is she all right ?
Are you comfortable with that ?
I think she 's hideous .
And I find her dangerous , and I don 't want to watch her get taken over to the next level .
I think it 's better if we live our great creative minds .
And I definitely know that it would be very dangerous for me to start off with this dark , dark , dark , kind of thing that I 'm in the middle of right now .
I 'm only about 40 years old .
I may have another 40 centons in me .
And it 's highly probable that everything I write from now on will be judged by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last campaign , right ?
I 'm telling you straight , because we 're all kind of friends here now - - it 's highly probable that my greatest success is behind me .
Oh , dear , what a pity !
These are the kind of people who can get someone to start drinking at 9 : 00 in the morning , and I don 't want to .
I 'd rather keep doing the work I love .
So the question is , how ?
After a while of writing , it seems to me that , in order to continue writing , I have to design some sort of psychological evaluation .
Somehow from now on , I have to find a way to keep a safe passage between me and my very natural sense of how the writing will be written on it .
This search led me to the old hunting grounds and the old hunting grounds .
Please follow me , because the security guard will close again .
But in the old man 's office and mine , the Pakistanis didn 't think he was going to be coming for us , okay ?
They believed that Letsatsi was some sort of divine force that came from a distant , unknown parallel universe ... from an inexplicable , unknown .
It was called the Divine Truth Cult of the Divine Truth Cult .
It is known that he believed that he had a heart attack that led him astray .
They had the same sex organs , called this kind of , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ... uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
That 's great .
That 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the file I was talking about - the psychological profile that protects you from your work .
And everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
The owner of the building was protected from certain areas of security , like , too much money , right ?
If your work was brilliant , you couldn 't see everything for yourself .
Not entirely your fault , is it ?
Everyone knew you were a little lame .
And so , in the middle of the summer camp , they thought for a really long time .
It 's the sound of the aging process , and the blood tests began to believe that the whole process came from its own vomit .
For the first time in history , you can hear this , or that , you can call a sex toy , instead of having a sex toy .
I have to tell you , I think that was a big mistake .
It 's like asking someone to swallow the poison ivy .
the distorted and distorted entire computer system , and it creates all these vital signs of success .
I think that this drug lord has destroyed our research facility for the last 500 years .
And if that 's true , and I think it 's true , the question is :
Can we change it ?
Perhaps to a more formal discussion about how to return to the conclusion of the creative process .
Maybe not .
Maybe we can 't just wipe out the life of 500 years of our lives in a remote state of mind .
And there are certain discrepancies in that would really register a valid scientific doubt about the policy of - - basically , the use of the most efficient and most efficient of all .
I probably won 't be able to take all of them on these trips .
But the question I want to ask is why not ?
Why not think about it like that ?
Because it makes as much sense as anything else I 've heard about when it comes to explaining the absolutely insane lack of creative writing .
I mean , like everyone knows who 's ever tried to do something , so in other ways , everyone here is not always being reasonable .
Sometimes he can feel just like he did .
She said it was like a ...
who would rise above the land .
She felt when it came , because it would make the vines tremble beneath her nostrils .
She knew that in such a moment , there was only one thing she could do , and that was - - in her bedroom , running like hell .
And then there was this whole thing - - I 'll never forget the part - - she said there was a time when she almost missed it .
She caught the bolt gun on his shoulder and pulled it back into her abdomen and took it over to the top of her head .
In these conditions , the blood flow came up clean and intact on the surface , but backwards from the last drop point to the first .
When I heard that , I thought it was creepy - that 's exactly how my creative brain works .
This is not like my creative director - - I 'm not the smart one !
I have to get up at the same time every day and sweat , get drunk and really uncomfortable .
But even me in my sock drawer sometimes grazed that thing .
And I guess a lot of them did .
Even I had a job or a credit card bill that came out of me , which I really can 't identify .
What 's that thing ?
And how do we deal with this in the middle of nowhere without losing our understanding , but to keep ourselves in the middle of a crisis of mental health ?
For me , the best living example of how to do this is how to make this happen .
We were talking about this piece of junk , and you know what , most of the time he spent his life being able to control and deal with them .
But then he got older and calmer , and he told me that he was driving a motorcycle accident on a subway platform in Los Angeles , and everything changed for him .
He doesn 't have a social security clearance , he doesn 't have a backup plan .
So he starts to climb up in him , like I 'm gonna lose this thing and be chased by that song forever .
I 'm not good enough .
But instead of getting into trouble , he just stopped .
He finished the whole process and did something completely new .
He just looked into the sky and said , " Sorry , can 't you see I 'm driving ? "
What do I look like I can write a song right now ?
If you really want to exist , come back to an awkward moment when I can take care of you .
If not , torture someone else today .
Go torture yourself .
His whole life change after that .
Not the work itself .
There could have been a miraculous , miraculous , bizarre sex act , some sort of sex appeal between the occult , and the most disgusting thing that wasn 't entirely surreal .
When I heard that story , it changed a little bit the way I worked , and it saved me once .
Not only bad , but the worst of all .
I started to think I was just supposed to get the whole thing together .
But then I remembered how I spoke in the open sky and I tried .
So I picked up my gaze from the top of my head , and I spoke my sense of humor in an empty bottle of wine .
I said out loud , listen to me , you thing , you and I both know that if this movie isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
I have nothing more than that .
So if you want it better , you 're gonna have to show up here , and you 're gonna have to hold up your winning streak .
Okay .
I 'm still gonna keep writing because this is my job .
And I would like to announce that I was here today for my part of the project .
For ... in the end , it is as follows , in the early days of the war , to be joined in holy matrimony , which have been held for hours until the end .
These firm were always great , because they were professional , and they were fantastic .
But every once in a while , very rarely , something very special happened , one of the most interesting things was actually taken .
And I know that they know what I mean , because I know that they 've all seen one of them in their lives .
It was like time was standing still , and the clock tower was kicking through some kind of subspace field , and he did nothing different than he ever did , a thousand times before .
And all of a sudden , he no longer seemed human .
He was lit up from the inside and lit up from the bottom , and everything fell through a divine fire .
When something like this happened back then , people knew what it was .
They put the pieces together and started singing :
This is God , you know ?
When a man of faith has done something magical , magical things :
And that 's great , because we need this .
But , the most important part follows the next morning , when the man himself wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 in the morning , and he no longer carries a god 's curse .
He is merely a humble servant with his knees bent , and perhaps he will never rise again to these shores .
And maybe no one 's ever going to call in the second he turns .
It 's hard .
This is one of the most advanced stages of creative writing .
But maybe it doesn 't have to be all that crowded if they didn 't believe that from the start of the day , they 'd be coming from them .
If they may just believe that they 're a drug addict from an extended period of their time being passed on to someone else when they 're done .
When we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
So I started to think , and so I 'm thinking , in the past few days , while I was working on the science project that 's about to come up - - as the dangerous , terrifying , highly anticipated , highly unlikely event of my awesome sex life .
what I keep telling myself when I go crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
Don 't be discouraged .
Just do your job .
continue to be there for your brother , whatever he may be .
When your job is dancing , dance .
If the stupid divine spirit that you are about to face will decide for a brief moment to show a miracle of wonder through your chest cavity , then it will be the end of the world !
And if not , still dance your dance .
For you , despite all this .
I believe in it , and I feel like we should teach it .
For you , despite all of this , just for loving the mere human and being there for it .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Hey !
Last time I checked , I showed these two motion pictures to make sure that the spatial distortions that had shrunk for nearly three million years to the lower 48 degrees .
But this does not extend strong enough to the effect of this particular event , because it does not show the thick of the spectrum .
In the early stages of economic growth , the world 's most advanced research program is the most advanced economic system in the world .
It 's growing in the bloodstream and shrinking in the bloodstream .
The next time I show them , it 's a matter of what happened in the last 25 years .
It 's marked with red .
As you can see , it grows on the ground floor marked .
what is known as an age , five years old or older , is almost like blood coming out of this dump .
In 25 years , it will have disappeared from here to here .
This is a problem , since the ice cream industry has frozen the frozen reason for the toxic waste dump in which there are large amounts of fossil fuels , which , when it comes out , will be carried out by sea monsters .
Now , compared to the entire level of cellular regeneration in the cerebral cortex , this plasma conduit could double if we crossed this critical subspace field .
Even today , bubbles in some flat places , seen by themselves in the air .
I 'm sorry .
Wow !
She 's fine .
And one reason is , this enormous amount of hydrogen gas warms up from the cooling system .
This is a common ground .
But the stakes are much bigger than ever .
This is the world 's largest private sector in Northern California .
If you want to know how the flow of water is going to get through here , it 's going to go into the ventilation system .
these energy readings are rapidly increasing .
on the other side of the planet , the Earth Alliance , the largest mining colony on the planet .
Last time we checked , police reports that the entire security system now has a negative reading .
And the heat signature that showed up over a few solar panels is particularly strong in the melting .
This is the equivalent of 20 cc 's of sodium chloride , just like it was .
They see new ones up there who were a few years ago .
40 square miles of all the world 's oil fields get half of their money out of this dump .
In the ' 80s , this guy is the key to this whole thing .
I 'm sorry .
But when it comes down , most of it will be recycled .
There was a 40 year old film festival of the World Cup .
This concerns the police department .
And they predict how they read them are serious .
This mass destruction throughout the world leads to a dramatic release .
And the oil fields all over the world have gained weight in a really heavy metal and never before .
Four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
This is a completely unrelated matter .
If you look at this in the historical court , you can see what it does .
For the past five years , we 've produced 70 million dollar bills of credit every 24 hours ... 25 million dollar bills every day in the city .
Take a close look at the east wing of the west , west and west of the Indian River , where there 's a remote access point of origin in the forest .
The largest single nuclear reactor for global warming , next to nuclear power , which is 20 nuclear warheads , is burning by fossil fuels .
It 's a problem , and it 's the biggest problem .
The United States Army is one of the two largest military bases along with nuclear weapons .
And the proposal was to build many more monuments .
But we 're starting to see a ghost story .
Here are the ones that have been painted over the last few years with some green alternative proposed .
There is a political debate in our country .
And the oil companies and the oil companies have spent a hundred thousand dollars in the last amount of money to apply for a clean bill of health , which is already in itself .
This picture reminded me of something .
Walking around in the middle of the night , at my house , in the middle of the night , in the middle of the night .
They probably saw it in the lockers .
This is all over our land , the world 's most powerful and powerful .
This happened at 4 : 00 .
It was one of the top 10 times of the week of the week .
You know , the main event is a happy , happy ending .
He 's got it in his pocket , and he 's filling it up in plastic bags , and he 's helping our family grow .
It 's getting cleaner every day .
He 's adorable and he 's adorable , and we keep him in the dark and dark .
This is the majority of the world 's largest oil fields in Northern California .
The most powerful weapon in the world is the most powerful one in the world .
Let me be perfectly clear .
So the Alliance has chosen to live for two decades .
This is a part of her .
As a matter of fact , when we get to the main stage , we 'll think of it as a serious business opportunity for our cupcake business .
That 's why we put it at the top of the board of directors to spend a considerable amount of money on the way out of the country to get rid of the drug charges .
It 's not dirty .
We think she 's clean and smells good too .
So , don 't worry about the wedding plans .
Leave it to us .
They 've heard a lot about it .
So let 's make a list of these modern , clean slate .
Fantastic !
but it 's the sound of the clean slate .
And yet the burning of oil fields is one of the most profitable for the global economy , which is remarkably clean , which they see here changes everything .
Take a good look , this is today 's clean slate .
Finally , the positive alternative is mixed up with our economic strategy and our national security strategy .
It 's in an oil company , the oil companies , the national oil companies , the oil companies .
The red brick wall that connects all of them is our main source of toxic waste like filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy
But now there 's a brave , new frontier town to get us out of this unholy mess .
In the next 10 years ,
a plan to bring Klaang back to work , make us safer and help stop the global warming .
Finally , a giant enough to solve our problems .
Find out more .
This is the last one .
It 's a matter of a change of venue .
One of the fastest warriors to reduce our lives of old , dirty , filthy creatures choking our world .
Wind , wind , wind , and a new leaf .
New job offers to do well paid jobs .
It 's time to accept the consequences .
" If you want to be quick , go alone .
If you want to go far , go together . "
We have to get far , and fast .
Thank you .
I 'd like to start by asking them to go back to the time of their vacation games when they were playing games .
While they realized how to reverse the aging process , absorb and move , they actually learned to think , and solve problems with that , and alter neural pathways .
The idea of thinking is closely connected to how we understand a change of venue .
This question was so moving , we decided to become the primary source of the space-time continuum .
Well , for a moment , a federal agent is a federal agent in a federal building .
They can be moved by hand , they can perceive each other , they can lock on to their warp signature , and they have a power surge and a power surge .
More importantly , are physical , which is why you can only extend it through the front lines and move it .
And the DNA results are an example of a new set of DNA samples dating to the dental records .
And if these healing powers become physical and develop a sense of purpose for their healing powers , recognize each other , and perceive the presence of our host with them , then we can begin with the new , new , new , and more efficient .
I 'll start with some simple family values .
And when I put it in a plastic bag , the game will move forward , when I pass it into the other side of the road , it goes backwards .
And these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ... these ... these ... these , uh ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these
So if I put them next to each other , it 'll wake her up .
If they 're surrounded by solar panels , they also notice and they can get a little nervous .
And they feel the same way they feel their pain in the ass .
An interesting course of action , which we began to recognize , was that we could use everyday life forms to date , like pouring water bottles the way you do it with water pipes .
In this case , we have three key words as an equal point of view , and I can use them to water the one in the kitchen , where they 'll be mixed .
If we overdo it , we can get a little carried away .
There are also some nice opportunities in the matter of how we talked about , whether or not , where we give the test subjects the opportunity of fast food and want to see them immediately .
Here I am ... this is an audio file I 'm making with a simple computer virus .
This is a game of war games , which is some kind of a game of war games made out of mind and mind games .
Basically , you get every round at every point of view , randomly , and while you 're trying to form cell towers , they 're tested by a power surge .
then , after about 30 seconds , it gets mixed up again , and you 've got a new line of work and new possibilities .
Thank you .
I was able to get her to try it out and record a video tape of it .
They really loved it .
an interesting point of view in this kind of thing is that you don 't have to give a lot of credit to the press .
All you have to say is " form " and they know exactly what to do .
There are some people here who are testing it .
That 's our youngest member down there on the right .
Turns out he was just trying to stack the boxes .
So , to him , they were just ...
This is a restricted area .
We were going to develop a power surge for the Borg .
That 's not true .
He can bring new life forms into the bloodstream by picking up the energy flow from the plasma field that shows these energy readings .
This is where he opens the door .
The door opens
Now , he 's going to take a bus to the main cabin .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
Good work !
By shaking the floorboards and putting them next to each other , he can interact with the ...
... invent his own story .
Hello !
It 's an open story , and he can decide how it works .
Flying reindeer .
The last example I have today to show it is a special project for nuclear weapons that we recently developed and operate in the computer system as a computer engineer , like a computer engineer , and a computer engineer .
each has four different choices ; you can choose which one wants to use .
And you can put this piece of paper in the back pocket , which you can order in any way .
And you feed it by simply holding a grain of sand to a grain of sand .
There are video cameras there that can be changed live , like ...
You connect him to a certain point of origin and then you tend to hire him .
And then there 's a lot of loose ends , like a pair of cotton balls , and they 're used to the whole thing .
So let 's see .
We 'll start by adding the voice mail to two voice mails and ordering it to a voice mail , expand it , add a little more vote .
Now , I 'm adding a blood oath .
Now I 'm gonna do a little more constructive .
And now I 'm going to connect the emergency channel to the control tower so that I can control the control tower live .
I can speed up all the speed limit by passing the flow into one or another .
And now , I 'm going to connect the circuit board to the server room for a little more gauze .
I can move the perimeter while it 's running .
I don 't have to plan them in the field , but I can improvise , prolong them or shorten them .
And , uh , I can , uh , reverse the whole thing by leaning to the left .
Thank you .
So , as you can see , my main concern is to develop new horizons , which are better suited to the way our food supply and water supply works .
And today , I had time to show them a part of this new research and some of the ways of doing what we 're working on in our business .
The key card I 'd like to give you on the way out is that we 're on the winning side of this new chain of command to the launch site with digital surveillance cameras that are bringing to our world that matches our security codes .
Thank you .
I look forward to meeting them all !
Yes , hello .
I 'm glad I 'm here .
Yeah , well , what 's the point ?
I 'm going to have to do a little research , and I 'm going to have to do a little research .
I 've been studying computer science , and I 've been doing this for a few years now , and I started it because I just wanted to know more , and I wanted to do it on my own , which is , in theory ,
So , that was my primary target .
So it was a family thing , and I kind of wanted to get closer to the art world , like this .
I think that the general population in general is now , so in general speaking , more or less , anything you count on ,
It 's extremely important , now it 's extremely important , and much more important will be in matters of state .
You know , there are , like , a lot of different kinds of plants on the windowsill .
Well , there are now a significant amount of energy in the fusion reactors that are trying to create carbon emissions , so it 's made of carbon dioxide .
Under the circumstances , there are also women who have come all the way to the laundry room , which most people are not aware of , for example , who allow us to wash at the age of 40 .
And you can go on forever .
And so from the top of the story , on this one , I just went in there .
So why hack now ?
Most people know that from the comic book store .
And then it 's gonna be like this in the movies , yeah , the feds are gonna break in and steal somewhere and date and stuff .
Well , that 's kind of sad , because that 's not what she actually started , and what 's behind it .
And as a result , the early stages , in the early stages , have started with the early stages .
And it 's about finding a creative , creative way to solve a problem .
And it 's just been tampered with with , but there 's also a whole group of people who do all kinds of freaky sex scenes with drug addicts .
But it 's also a computer program , and you can program it , and according to it , you can hack it , and I find that incredibly fascinating , and I just wanted to get in a lot deeper .
That actually only took two thousand , actually , uh , actually , uh , actually , like , eight , uh , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really
This is originally from the World Health Organization , which is with a group of scientists and a group of people who have now or active members all over the world .
But it 's really always about finding a guy like that , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , kind of , you know , like , a ...
And then there 's some sort of , uh ...
I mean , it 's actually more of a place where you meet and discuss online .
They 're a little more technical and a little bit more on the way , so they ask questions .
And based on those guys who made the whole thing popular , it just turned out to be some kind of power surge I want to take a second .
Here in the picture on the left , it 's a school play , so a school of sorts , such a private school , community service , where anyone can go .
Kids , old , all kinds of people go out there just to deal with it , they 've set up a private room and look at what you can do when these lights go on .
Down here on the left , there 's an oil refinery down here , which means it 's been around a long time .
longer than those other two .
They also occupy themselves in such an artistic sense of biological design , and , yes , they also combine it in quite a way .
And I 've got a picture of the top of the other picture of a woman 's body in the medical lab at the medical center with a chest tube to match .
And that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that actually unites you is this family thing .
And what you can do with it , and what you want to do with it , specifically , for the sake of society and to ask , so , okay , what do you know , what do you want to do with it ?
So , uh , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , you know , you know , like , you know , like , you know , like , you know , you know , like , you need some kind of ...
Of course , you need biological weapons , and you also need brain surgery , and that 's a full-time job .
Or , you know , what you normally understand under a college degree , these are kind of freaky , extremely expensive , extremely distant , just for the occasional , uh , trained college kids with the same thing .
And our business plan was just to say that , actually , you don 't have to do that .
That 's not really necessary , because each of them is actually more developed than most of them are .
And then , with this , uh , thing with this , uh , plastic thing , it 's like , uh , it 's like , uh , it 's like , uh , it 's like , uh , it 's , it 's like , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
So , anyone who 's ever had a midlife crisis that he 's abandoned too long has done it before .
Well , then I tried to do it at my favorite place at home , and then I bought myself a bit of chocolate milk , and then I made a little grilled cheese sandwich , trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich , so ...
And this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
And , yeah , well , you see , it 's relatively relative , so that 's what there 's about to be , like , the ones that do it at home on their own , so , you know , bigger ones that actually do more of the sex stuff in private .
And , then , that was about , yes , yes , who are we , what do we want to say ?
And what are our good ones and what are our lucky ones , our lucky ones ?
And that 's when we worked out a plan .
That was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , his and what moves him , then .
That 's when , according to my research , a pretty good career move came through .
And we won 't have it , but that 's just , I guess , pretty much , people are pretty convinced of it .
And we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't get there .
Well , I think we from the university are actually a step further than the academic world .
Yeah , what are we doing now ?
It was an optical illusion that I was doing with the cooling system itself , that we were trying to create a so-called optical or visual pattern .
You can see that down there .
And then we took out a fully automatic pilot , and then we pulled out the security guard , and then we tried to focus on that power surge .
And that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot .
It 's a different piece of shit that came out of that French chick thing , it worked , it 's pretty cool .
And he 's got , like , a , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , kind of , like , a , you know , kind of , you know , kind of thing , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
And then he made this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
That 's when the Pakistanis could go in to the server room , sit on this chair , put on this chair .
and depending on what they were thinking or what they were thinking , then different levels of radiation went on in the field .
was a pretty fancy business model .
another thing from the ' 80s that has to do with the ' 80s thing , it 's the ' 90s , it 's the ' complicated ' 80s .
So it 's about making copies of film books , reproducing them , breeding them , making them visible .
And the credit card companies that do this kind of thing , they 're pretty expensive , which you can buy commercial , the sales are going off at the top of your head .
And it 's not in the family business , but it 's a really cool place that can do a lot .
So this is just a list of many people you can do with it .
I think , like , $ 10 or something .
But in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a hotel room , where it 's clearly being squeezed .
So it 's my favorite thing to do after a very expensive one .
An oil company I started the other day was building an oil company .
The thing is , yeah , like some kind of power surge , it shoots about that far , two miles or so .
and then I shot them in the face , and then I brought them to light .
It didn 't work .
But this is so my favorite one , which looked pretty awesome , so on some kind of metal thingy , that thing on it , plugged it in , and it was too high , it broke .
And then I took a wire and hooked it up .
I mean , if you fill it up with , like , $ 40 or so cash , I think it 's about 40 .
And with that , you can speed up the speed limit strong enough , and then they 'll go in the back .
And the commercial is going to cost , like , 50 or something , about 50 .
Well , the one that doesn 't have the same amount of money , but it can be done in the process .
So right now , that 's also the most important thing in the world ... to increase the amount of money ... and also increase the amount of money ... that more people can get involved .
Because , as I was saying , it 's an extremely important business opportunity , and most people have relatively little taste in it , and no chance of making themselves really good .
Because if you just read about it , it 's not the same as when you did it yourself or saw it .
And I think it 's becoming more and more important in our modern culture .
And if you want to make meaningful decisions in society , and if you want to be able to talk about it , then you need to know about it , and you need to know it .
And you have to do it and understand it so you can do it and understand it .
And then , under the floorboards , open the door and open the door .
So that you 're being transferred to the police academy as a Starfleet officer , and you 're dealing with these scientific research methods .
And this is the most beautiful of the world .
These are the people who at least officially signed up on the , uh , online dating site .
That 's quite a substantial sum of money from world leaders .
And interesting also is that they are also represented in law enforcement .
I think they 're less registered there than actually exist .
So I know of some who haven 't signed up .
And these are just the individual people now .
Part of it is with these tracking devices , so it 's registered together .
And that 's all in the bag .
Like I said , it just started .
And , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
And that has now become a giant leap of faith in very good , very good , yes , all over the world .
And we , of course , hope that we 'll spread out in a similar way , and then we 'll be connected in a similar way , so more people can get involved .
And I would invite everyone to deal with it and try something on my own .
Well , it 's not that simple now , but it 's not impossible if you 've got enough power to get there and enough power to get there .
Thank you for listening .
That 's it .
Yes , hello .
How do we even function ?
This is a question that moves me very much as a Starfleet officer , but also in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Middle East , and in front of all the local law enforcement agencies .
It 's about how you run into nuclear warheads in an industrial environment , so they can use these fossil fuels and make them produce a potential electromagnetic pulse .
Because I believe that the abnormal brain activity in us has increased cognitive impairment , so brain damage , which have been programmed in our biological system a very , very long time ago , and that we are currently capable of producing it through cellular regeneration .
And that 's very amazing , because you actually think that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
What are you talking about ?
I wrote down four phone records once and I 'd like to explain them .
to cognitive impairment , and that 's what we have acquired in the early stages of life .
It is said that we have a natural sense of self-preservation .
That 's basically unusual for now .
I 'm gonna go back to that , and I 'm gonna try to prove to them that they have a natural element of surprise .
The second amendment is that we 've been very , very , very , very figuratively speaking , even though we are now using a more sophisticated language technique .
And the third amendment , which actually explains itself .
We all know that the molecular structure of the brain is consistent with the cellular structure , and what , of course , tells us that we feel the energy levels are normal today .
The fourth amendment is that the story for us is a symbol of the truth .
What about the one with the whole world 's most important thing ?
I 'd like to prove it to you .
How many houses do they live in ?
We won 't be able to answer them on the spur of the moment , but here 's what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
They go through this house in the woods , where they live , and look at how many houses there are .
And that 's exactly what they do .
They cut the power lines , and they don 't even know what to do .
Fantastic , right ?
And that 's when we give ourselves a chance to look at the virtual reality of our space program , which is what we do all the time .
And this can be the virtual reality of the human race , which has also taken the human rights to the human race , because they had nothing .
They didn 't have any family problems .
or they didn 't have any family values .
They didn 't have any .
The only thing they had was their favorite .
And in this film , the music industry played out .
And with the help of this virtual , the original , was just passed on images .
And that 's why it 's so heavily rooted inside of us that we 're so good at dealing with the zombie apocalypse .
The interesting thing is , if I could make a little extra cash .
Yeah , that 's fine .
The interesting thing is , at this time , at the same time , at the same time , the original sin was itself .
You know , if you 're gonna keep thinking about it .
What are the specials today ?
Then they 'll realize there 's been an outbreak .
But I 'll be right back .
It 's been a long time since we were kids .
It was designed to keep you informed .
And today , we 're still very , very strong on the subject .
According to the school board of directors of the National Weather Service , we 're still spending hours a year with the school board of directors .
That means for a child who has spent most of his time on the transplant list .
Now , we think that our love of marriage depends on us sitting on our parents ' private table as a child .
No , no , far from here .
That goes way back into the ranks of the world 's most powerful .
But for me , in the presence of the world 's most impressive , it is in itself that we have , by se , anchored in our biological laboratory , to think of the world 's most powerful minds .
I 've brought you an example of the world 's most prestigious art collection .
And they were living in the world 's most hated of the world .
And as you can see , this is a very sophisticated piece of equipment , and you had to navigate there somehow to come from island to island to get your hands on .
And they did this with what they call " a " .
They might know that , too , if they care a little bit about it , from the Australian border guards .
They have similar tastes .
They don 't have a cell phone number , they used it like this .
And what 's interesting is that , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
Which was the most significant amount of money in the world .
I mean , you know , like , you know , like , you know , you know , like , you know , like , you know , like , you know , like , you know , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , you know ,
And this time of year , and this time of year and this time of year , they have portrayed the stage of an act of war , which , of course , has allowed you to sit down and sit down and move to the left , to the right and back .
Why don 't we sing to get up from a to b ?
Not to navigate , anyway .
What happened ?
That 's what happened .
We moved before we got here .
It happened , and it happened , and it happened , and it happened .
And that 's exactly what happened , that we moved the encryption codes for our security systems and our own access codes to our individual security systems on external access .
and the picture .
I 'm afraid we 've lost our sense of humor .
He 's become a stranger to us all of a sudden , and he has nothing to do with it .
From the top to the bottom .
What 's the matter with our heads and our heads ?
And then these are the most powerful of the world 's most beautiful .
And they 're going to be more and more signed over in the field of battle .
That means , instead of remembering us individually , we 've spread the word , spread the word of the word , spread the word of the word , which we can hang our personal favorite .
We no longer produce ourselves .
We 've got a live feed on a viral infection .
We no longer think of this in terms of things not in matters of state , but we encourage you to do our duty .
We 've gotten used to things happening differently .
And we 've accepted the vote of confidence , and there 's only one thing left to do , like the original version .
What 's left is the most important thing .
We 're still very , very heavily under arrest for the crime scene .
The question is , what 's next ?
We 've had the most amazing thing in the world , we 've had the most amazing thing , and now we 're going to do the so-called , uh ...
I know .
But these images of the curse , they bring us back these possibilities to discover our differences .
It 's a matter of money . It 's about money laundering .
Let me explain .
There are technical techniques , for example , such as the quantum singularity , which is called the enhanced warp drive .
As crazy as it may sound in the back of my head , we are physically moving in to nowhere , virtual reality , all the way to the end of the rope .
And others , another example , are the most intelligent , intelligent ones .
These are clean , which can be intelligent for a brain tumor .
All of this needs to be accepted as a reality show .
I brought a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
And they 're here today .
Maybe you can get up for a second so they can talk to the two of them about the wedding video .
And I 've brought this piece of paper as an example of how it 's addressed to this particular cognitive impairment .
the whole thing is a game , I have to say .
Which , of course , is extremely powerful , and it 's a full-time job .
And when I say good-bye , they 're very likely to have some random people running around in front of a bunch of people , or they 're playing with them with some kind of computer equipment .
In any case , they do .
This is a game for outside .
And that is specifically intended for me to discover the real world .
And this game connects the virtual world , so they 're dating the product we produce with the real world .
I apologize for being so strong .
You can explain that much better . There 's more to it than that .
And it 's about me discovering a terrorist cell by looking at which positive or negative data was found .
And so I 'm getting a whole different vibe from the school board , a completely different angle of view , because I see negative and positive reading of an energy crisis , and so , in this way , I get a whole other virtual reality show .
And we can watch that now .
Uh , what you can see here , excuse me , is another little reminder of what you 're about to see .
Of course , this virtual world lives in the foundations of our galaxy .
And with some kind of stealth device , we can make this virtual reality show .
Thank you .
Yes , I 'm very happy to be with you .
I 've just been asked if there 's a talking sex tape and mine speaking .
He 's not gonna do that .
I 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
But so far , I 'm getting a little curious .
Yeah , kids are curious or should be curious , too .
I 'm out of the house , so , of course , I 'm going to deal with the House of Representatives and how they change our minds again , and why maybe we 're going to lose track marks and have to toast again .
That 's a whole list of people you 're dealing with next to the actual computer virus .
If they get curious , they 'll often go to a place like this .
And that 's what I had in the last half hour .
I 'm sorry .
Now they 're going to wonder , why do all the drug addicts begin to deal with such natural , natural causes of animal agriculture , animal agriculture and so on .
And I 'm just holding up one of those little things because things are always supposed to be more natural , more natural , more natural , and you have to look at what 's actually more natural for us , which is natural or intuitive .
So I 've been busy , when 's natural or intuitive ?
Might need another look .
Why is this even happening ?
So if we take a look at our society 's financial records here for a moment , we 'll be moving from the third to the fourth stage or the third .
So , from modern to Western .
Every society is shaped by an individual .
At the end of the day , the storm clouds pass through the wall .
Which means that you found yourself talking to a joint intelligence agency , you could communicate with each other , moved into the same cell or in other neighborhoods , educated or educated and created some kind of computer virus .
But the most natural , something very natural , something very vivid .
Well , you had to learn , too , so there 's no such thing as being able to talk about it , but we 're learning how to do it .
That was then replaced by the ancient society and the first of the founding families .
That was a dream back then , because , of course , you started the living zombie apocalypse in the middle of nowhere , which means something vivid and alive ,
Of course , the way I look back and when I look back , it 's a completely different story than when someone is alive .
But in the end , he just pulled out this plastic bag as a plastic surgeon , he got heart disease .
Then came the next time we actually lived in the same place .
I mean , that 's the one that 's the one that 's been through the years and the days of the week .
At the time , it was just as much a time of year , when the people started to read , they still want to talk , and that 's totally fatal .
It totally confuses us , of course , because we 're looking at the one where we 're looking at the new , uh , the new , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the ,
And these two jokers are banging on each other , thinking new and old .
The exciting thing is , when you look at it , this new society , this new society , these people , they 're very much alike in many ways , and they 're very excited about it .
But now , no longer on local law enforcement , but on local law enforcement .
We understand this is global .
This is the most important thing in the world .
Not if I 'm thinking locally , and the district attorney thinks less highly of me , it doesn 't work anymore .
Which means that the local drug cartel has actually become a highly sophisticated drug addict with the same brain cells as possible , of course , intuitive , but also a total loss .
the way you knew back then , who had what with who and when , that 's how it happens these days , through these mobile phones of ours , through these mobile phone calls on wireless networks .
Unless we know global warming , and faster and better .
Just like it used to happen on the football field .
I was just trying to look at it in front of it . What does it mean ?
Because a lot of people come , they can 't do it properly so everyone can handle it .
So you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change it , that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
You start to get busy while you 're at it , you know , in the middle of the summer , with the winter formal and the winter formal .
And that 's , of course , where you start looking and say , okay , now I 'm just gonna look inside the inside .
What 's it look like in there ?
So how do we work when we get there ?
And what does that mean , of course , intuitive , and how do our cognitive subroutines work and how does it work ?
Because I once said you needed to learn how it felt .
So you really have to look in the mirror when I want to do something constructive or intuitive , what does that mean in the mirror .
And to see how we process brain surgery , how do we record brain damage ?
What 's the matter with you ?
Everyone 's different .
A lot of people use the phone signal , but they don 't know what it means .
But I need to understand in the middle of the night , understand in the middle of the day , when is going to be dating and knowing in turn , so I know how to make things as intuitive or natural .
And , of course , how does he get to the top ?
So a lot more natural , but I can see directly , where is it ?
And when I tell someone , give me a break or something , he 'll figure out what 's in it .
And then , hopefully , there 's no brain damage in it , just give it to me .
But even our own , how is she deceiving us ?
You know , like , the , uh ...
The right hemisphere looks bigger than the little one , even though that 's not the case , but they 're just as big as they are , and still , our vision changes depending on what we do .
Anybody know what that is ?
Come on .
It should still work .
It 's becoming more like my favorite .
Well , it 's a family thing .
A second member of the team is already starting to pick up a certain amount of energy or something .
That 's what they call a " B " or " B " , which affects us in the " B " section .
They usually have it in their first trimester .
You know , the one near , the one with the hair and everything .
Often in the third , forgotten again .
But that 's an important point of view if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
The next item of interest , which is also very interesting .
Well , it sounds kind of trite , but it 's kind of exciting when you get closer to it .
So we have the front page , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
This is wrong .
You 'll see from behind .
You see something they recognize .
Which means we 'll see ours first , before we see it , bring it back in the back of our heads to say , okay ,
I 've got some cognitive impairment , you 've got something you want to see .
It 'll be back .
And then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front and says , now really look back and make sure what you see is what you want to see .
And then it goes back , and then it 's actually just seen .
So a very , very exciting business , how certain things are going and what kind of things happen to them .
I don 't know which one of them knows this picture .
That 's exactly what I was describing .
Now everyone in this town is trying to see something .
I don 't know who knows what .
Anybody see anything specific ?
That 's right .
If I 've ever seen that there 's a metal plate in there , they know that .
They 'll never forget it , because I 'll show them where it is .
Now they see the flash drive .
Now they see him all the time .
Which means I 've basically corrupted them now , in fact , that they don 't recognize any sign of foul play in there anymore , but I 've got them lined up in the blink of an eye , over and over again in that smug picture .
And this is the source of the power grid , see .
Now I know , and now I 'm going to move forward that I see the flash drive .
I see the flash drive .
All right , all right , all right , all right , all right , all right , all right , all right , all right , all right .
Does anyone know what three of them are ?
Long , yeah .
This is our home address .
Well , it 's always interesting to know than to know .
If I know something 's going to take three minutes before I can , in a manner of speaking , be able to bridge it in a very good way , when I keep it occupied by someone who 's always using three key words .
He doesn 't have to process it until he 's done it .
And then it goes into the kitchen door , and so I can do a very elegant sweep of the kitchen floor , for example , when I know this place .
What 's taking so long ?
Yes .
It 's also a very exciting business meeting .
That 's the one you fall in love with .
Which means if they know that now , watch who they 're looking at for how long , because I don 't take care of what can happen .
And 16 years old , even a very exciting day .
This is the most important part of the world we have .
That means this first wave of attack happens in a rapid heat wave , as we perceive .
And as we see things that we care about , and how we sort of protect ourselves against our rules of engagement so we can figure it out .
Of course , it 's not only that the world 's population deals with the world 's most profitable and most profitable , but , of course , the most important thing in the world .
So how does a guy with certain issues go about accordingly .
You know , there 's a time when there 's , like , the practical stuff , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it 's , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , like ,
I know exactly where to reach .
But there 's also a symbolic amount of money , why is there someone for such a small piece of furniture , where nothing really fits , like , hum money when it 's not practical ?
We 're more likely to be on the winning side , which , of course , we 're dealing with as equals .
Back to where I 'm supposed to be , where I 'm supposed to be , where I 'm supposed to be , where I 'm supposed to be .
It means , however , how can I reach a certain destination as quickly as possible , or how can a nuclear reactor in a specific solar system be as effective , efficient and satisfying a target ?
It 's more like the police department .
How can I do something as simple as possible ?
I can operate it directly , or I 'll need a backup generator , or I 'll need a proper backup .
And it 's less invasive or less invasive .
It doesn 't mean it 's better to do it .
You have to understand .
It hasn 't been a long time since the beginning of the day . It 's been a long time since we 've been together .
Why ?
Because we 're in charge of this new kind of energy crisis , so naturally occurring , for example , five times faster at our destination .
You 'll have to imagine that if you do something of the classics for a few hours , you 'll need five and with this new kind of natural selection , you 'll just need a follow-up .
That doesn 't mean they 'll probably be able to go home four hours sooner than they can , but they can go home , or anyone else can figure out how to deal with them for the four hours .
But what I 'm trying to say is , of course , it 's an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
I mean , if we 're going to go back to the top of the line of work here , like , the first vertical line , which was very abstract , where we needed to deal with them .
And then the next people who have been working with a mental health care system or mental health care system like the world 's top scientists have been working because you 've got a power source of something that has the ability to harness ,
So it 's not more of a big deal , and it 's not a big deal .
It 's done a lot worse , but of course it 's doing much better .
The next of kin of the Saudi oil company has been working a lot more .
So that 's when I used to act a lot more often than that .
That 's one of those things .
I mean , all of a sudden , that 's what makes this look like a win-win situation .
And then , if I add one more step into this , uh , parallel universe , where I vote , by touch , by touch , by touch , by ear , and no longer have to pilot things by ear , then I 'm faster and even faster .
But that also leads me back to the point of origin , when do things actually get screwed up ?
If they 're being pushed around , and then I have to go back and look at my little baby face here , what does that mean , from the bottom of the stairs , when is something really intuitive ?
And that 's always a little intuitive for us when I need to think about it as little as possible .
So apparently , he doesn 't like to think , but he wants to make it easy .
The less I think about it , the harder it is .
And what does that mean for the main event ?
That is , if we can see that we can transfer the data from one to another , for example , the DNA analysis , then I can use it as a backup .
I mean , I can just transfer one of these , like , human brain cells to a cellular level , and make the brain function more meaningful .
Of course , the question is , what is the most disgusting thing we 've ever done , and now I 've already told it .
This is what you call a " no . "
That 's what every one of us uses , and it 's a full-time job , and it 's for direction , background checks , background checks .
That 's what every one of them does all the time , but he 's unconscious and , like , intuitive or partly instinctive .
I mean , it 's like , uh , it 's , uh , it 's like , uh , it works around the world , and it 's used by us all the time without most of us knowing that this is present .
So , in his sleep , there 's about 50 to a half times between us , we 've found it 's less frequent than the day .
I can now direct this mental state of mind , state of mind , notify , transfer command codes to a subspace field .
And through this kind of the healing process , similar to the removal of the brain , but now no longer a reflection of a physical tissue , but a bone marrow transplant .
And this is on a higher level of memory than the top of a classic chain of command , which is the main event .
I can transmit the whole thing .
I 'm gonna try this on a computer .
I mean , everybody 's been eating peanut butter .
Now , in a manner of speaking , I 'm going to be able to get back on track .
I can get the entire server room , filter this now , and I can say this , just show me all of them , for example .
And suddenly I have a brain tumor , which is far more sophisticated and much more natural .
I would like to help you to a very specific point of view .
And you can 't learn the lesson .
That 's why everyone who 's here is curious , where people who have a secret society you can 't learn .
Now I 'm talking about , basically , putting all of this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this whole , uh ... this ... this , uh ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
And there 's a central panel on it .
And he 's hanging on to his head .
Give me a chance .
Every day , they give + + they give away about two billion dollar bills , and every day , they have to take on two separate phone calls .
Otherwise , they can 't have an ear infection .
They can 't store any security footage .
They can 't have an ear infection .
All we could do is slip through the cracks as a musical instrument .
If we don 't record and surrender in that one .
In fact , the thing is , we 're dealing with something here , which is actually a full-time job , but not at all .
Because everyone 's talking about sex stuff , but no one 's talking about sex life .
It 's much more critical .
We 're hanging out from two blocks .
We 've only been here for two years , and right now , through the world 's population , there 's a lot more energy in the world than they use in all the time zones .
All alone in the last 20 years , there have been thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands
And we record all that .
It 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's like , it 's , it 's
And we think we 'd protect the food supply if we were a little less harmful .
So , for instance , park the car , drive less car .
Cut the power lines , make less noise .
Cut the power , cut the power .
This isn 't a social call .
It 's like , if I said , screw your kid , beat it three times instead of five .
It 's just a little less invasive .
If that 's how we weigh from them to the point of view , then our whole family business is going to be a full-time job sooner or later .
That 's why you weigh the weight .
And the most important thing to do is to look at the face of the earth as a mirror .
There are over 60 copies of the account .
Right now , we 're going to be setting up checkpoints and losing 30 square miles per square mile , or on the east coast .
Which means we 're losing about a hundred times more in the field than new education .
We can , of course , look at the menu .
And it 's all a matter of taste .
For example , at the time of the year , there are 20 points of view of the world .
And because we 're getting older , that 's what makes them bigger .
That 's them , so to speak .
Yeah ?
A baby needs , like , six feet .
Of course , we could reduce that by ten microns , but what 's the difference ?
that will be balanced in a state of mind .
That 's completely irrelevant .
So the question is , how do we deal with these guys ?
Here 's one of the proof , by the way , that there 's no such thing as a suicide bomber .
I want to tell them .
Because , uh , the , uh , emergency services are being handed over to the board of directors .
I 'm on my way .
Yeah .
So that doesn 't mean you can 't be a cop .
Because that 's a big deal , right ?
It 's traditional to think we 're too many in the world .
And when you say you 're not there , they become hostile and hostile .
And so someone like al Qaeda says , one of our great leaders , there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human reproductive organs .
They say that if you save a man 's life , you save his life .
Here it says , the more you kill , the better .
Yeah .
The first question is , are we really too many ?
I mean , if you look at the school board , the school board of directors will weigh about four times more than we do .
I might as well be able to get some extra cash , but I don 't think there 's anybody in these parts that likes to be seen that far , even though they 're more vulnerable .
That means the sea bass weighs a lot more than we do .
And because they work a lot harder physically than we do , and because they live only three to six lifetimes , they match up in their living room , a little thirty years old .
That means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
If they don 't exist , that 's all they can be .
the only chance .
Have you ever seen a stray dog before ?
Yeah ?
One ?
That means we want to be dumber than we do , right ?
Yeah ?
I don 't know .
Fortunately , no .
There 's no such thing as a love triangle .
There 's still a lot of loose ends in the forest .
Have you ever heard of it ?
That means we all want to be dumber than we do .
And where they can see , even with something like that , which is why we can 't allow ourselves to go back .
Each time we lose , we lose about three million billion dollar bills that really need to go back to normal .
And we 're too many .
Alone .
That means we feel so guilty on the premise that we say , there 's no such thing as a " no " sign , no " no " word , " no " word , " no " word , and whatever they all say ,
Isn 't that sad ?
We 're too many .
I 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful to the environment .
But where are we useful ?
We 're trying to minimize our lack of intelligence , but it 's all about having a big business deal that 's useful .
We want to be good for society , we want to be good for the community , but when it comes to the community , the highest is not being there , right ?
Yeah .
Only if they 're not there .
Even if they were going to shoot themselves now , they would have jumped .
So you can 't solve this .
We can do it differently .
We can get our family back .
We 're going to be doing some real estate work in the one where we 're going to win the lottery tickets back .
In fact , we can get back in this kind of wise and wise manner in private .
For example , we 're doing this in Central America , where we 're going to take the original version of it .
You know , in the middle of the night , you know , there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ...
And in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our souls .
That means the whole western world is based on the fact that the Cyprus recording has always taken but never returned anything .
That 's why they had to grow more and more because the oil companies went into the water supply , and the oil companies had to keep getting their water supply .
That 's why all the western rich are always expanding until they can 't make the water supply anymore , and then they 're frozen .
Yeah ?
It was different .
You 've been able to do more than six and a half years because you 've always been in the family business to bring back the money .
Even today , when they 're invited to eat dinner , they expect to eat after they stay until they go to the stables .
Because it 's rude to go and take the scenic route .
They invited them to dinner , not to dinner .
That means they can see how to win back the winning lottery .
And the great thing about it is that the school board goes back to the top of the world to the top of the world .
So we don 't have to control the people , not be as bad as possible .
We can support them , be good .
Of course , it 's a waste of time , but the meek wear themselves .
It 's a clean slate .
And they 're so designed by the healing process that a werewolf bite can just push them away .
I mean , that 's what 's going back in the day .
And not one of those college kids , we have now built over construction sites over the last 20 years , none of them have ever been sabotaged .
They could easily just throw in a frozen yogurt store , and then it would be ruined for years .
It 's not happening .
That means we don 't have to control the power lines , not be as bad as possible .
We can support them , be good .
That means we have to get him back .
And , by the way , if you want to do something about it , you can write yourself up , in the best possible place in the world , that 's the one in the world .
I 'm afraid they 're not in the art department , but maybe they can help out with that .
Because the best way to win back the winning lottery .
And he has to go back .
We 'll see about that that .
And we can see that it works .
We 've been in prison for over three years now .
The Dutch oil company has explained that they will be the first country in the world , which is more profitable .
But we need this in total .
You see , there are two people who control almost 70 Earth 's population .
There 's the control panel . It 's a power surge of power .
These are highly trained police officers who control 40 nuclear warheads .
And we 'll be able to replace the ship 's module with other solar systems .
But you won 't be able to replace the original .
That 's not the point of making it a little less bad , but it 's about doing something right .
And most of all , to ask what 's right .
That means it 's a matter of money laundering , not gambling .
Of course , it 's easier to understand , because the land is built on flowers .
Yeah ?
Imagine , for example , when your wife is sad when she 's annoyed and you come with 50 lashes .
Completely unacceptable .
But very effective , yes ?
Or they 'll take a silver spoon .
A woman in uniform eats about six square feet during her day .
In .
That 's not exactly accurate , scientifically , because we don 't know how much money there is .
I can tell you , it 's very effective , but it 's very effective .
Everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
That 's why I don 't want to talk about it .
To ask , what 's the right thing ?
Not to burn the oil well a little bit better , and use it to burn it and lose all the oil fields for oil wells , but first to ask , how do you close the door ?
Imagine yourself as efficient as possible .
Yeah ?
If I invite her to dinner and say yes , there 's a glass of wine and a glass of wine .
Wonderful , isn 't it ?
That 's efficient .
Everything in life is beautiful is not efficient .
If they fall in love with someone , efficient ?
Yeah ?
That means all that matters in life is not saving , avoiding reducing .
the whole thing .
We 'll tell the villagers , oh , yeah , you don 't have a pot roast in your backyard .
No , throwing that away is just the thing , right ?
at every place where you throw away , from , yes , you can make your way back .
But the wrong things .
When you throw away the wrong things , you have a sense of purpose .
as we think of the future .
there 's every square inch of it .
If they run , yes , every time they 're on the run , every time they 're on the run , they destroy the main power grid .
Because the summer wind will die and the summer wind will wash away the spring .
But if they 're in protective custody , every time they 're in protective custody , it means that the main event will last longer .
So , it 's about making a big movie star that 's gonna be a movie star .
Don 't look down .
We 'll call it a day .
Yeah ?
But when I ask them , how are they with their wife ?
What do they say ?
sustainable .
Then I say , warm up , yeah ?
That 's the main thing .
So don 't save , give , avoid .
I 'm sorry .
And it 's a front door when they see people kick out of a car in high school .
Because , you know , this is a ... this is a ...
It 's a family thing , right ?
I was there .
But with the right angle , please .
For example , we 've developed a power surge , which is a power fluctuation in the area .
They can throw them away where they go and stand .
She 'll be building up anywhere in two hours .
And it contains traces of rare seeds , so that they can use them to throw away the seed .
That means we 're useful , not less harmful .
So there are two stages .
Not everything is supposed to be natural .
They don 't use them .
It 's just the things , the things , the things that go on , like computer science , like computer science , they have to be in biological warfare .
The things that are only used go into technical matters .
But today we 're just talking about the biological cells .
Yeah ?
You know , for example , the ...
It 's a direct order of business , and it 's not for the oral sex , it 's for you to help this action to make this decision successful .
Because we 're not doing things free anymore .
Yeah ?
So , if I invite them to dinner and say it 's free of them , it won 't help them .
No , we 'll figure out what 's in it .
Positive .
I don 't want to be like that .
Not in it .
But anything inside is useful .
This is the first time they can use to put the oxygen tank on the ground , and the blood flow in biological pressure , right ?
All of this is part of it .
And if we can do it , of course , we can do it for the highest bidder , for the better , for the worse and the worse .
And that 's half the world 's population that 's caused by the radiation poisoning .
That 's why they 're helping with it , ask for help with the phone records .
Are you guys serious ?
Because they 've already changed jobs twice .
And I 'm not so sure she 's really coming .
So , give me a hand with this .
But I can .
Yeah .
what just happened .
I can do that .
We can do things now so that when they break , they can go into biological cells .
Technology is the same way .
There 's a nuclear reactor for this .
This is the first time in history , actually , made to go back to the comic book store .
That , too , so any load can get things back .
If they come to this , yes ?
Do you remember the time shift ?
when right now , that 's what it is .
All over the place , there 's these baby things , almost .
In the streets where people come to money .
Right up there on the top of the stairs , but also in the front , right ?
Yeah ?
Only if they take these baby pills , they fry them , sterilize them , and they take the baby powder to plant them .
With that , the baby is ready to live for the rest of the life , from the start .
Well , we don 't need to be more specific , we can be more specific .
It 's kind of about a ...
Yeah , sort of .
Yeah ?
We can do that .
We can reinvent everything .
I started a family business .
A lot of people are working there now , and they can all get involved .
There 's an extra set of wheels to go where anyone can join .
So no more saving , no cutting , no cutting , no cutting , no cutting edge , but smart driving skills .
Does that make her curious ?
Thank you .
The work of the district attorney .
It 's more dangerous than a horse .
In the language of my speech , it is written that I , as an officer of the law , understand myself in English class .
We 've got a lot of work to do .
to translate from German to English , can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to interpretation , or even the word .
But it 's a strange thing to do with what we do with our family .
At first , I was the sole heir to the throne .
I 'm sure they think that the head of security has put exactly everything he 's got into there .
It 's very vague and inaccurate .
These markings are about as accurate or inaccurate as a bone marrow biopsy , if it seems to be very accurate , consistent with a spinal fracture .
Because in this enchanted forest , the smell of flowers is not to be smelled , just to anticipate the smell of the grass , not to be heard from .
Which means that the key code must be translated into a different , more concrete , more concrete , more concrete , more concrete .
Today , I want to translate to you what I usually translate musical , so I want you to translate into a musical version .
So , basically , it 's a power surge of power .
Which is why I prefer to do the whole thing in German , because if I had to translate it into English one more time , it would be more appropriate for me to use the language of the English language .
So , the , uh , brain function works for me as much as the cerebral cortex .
In the process of elimination , the most powerful of the most powerful in the world have ever seen .
So it 's not enough just to learn how to read , and to push the appropriate amount of data on the bathroom floor or the right place on a billboard .
Because that would be just the art of painting .
You can 't tell the truth until you can tell the truth .
Therefore , it will take at least as long as it takes for the sake of the imperial court .
If you learn to do it for your own good , you can only understand passive , or you can also speak actively until the music festival .
The work of a Starfleet officer is starting to look like the work of a Starfleet officer .
You know , after you choose to play a musical instrument first , because you 're excited about it , you start looking at the top of the board of directors .
You collect a lot of blood on the kitchen floor .
You read in the books , you read books , you read them , you read them , you read them , you read them , you read them , you read them , you read them , you read them .
You 're going to study the music he wrote before and after .
You compare .
The one who wrote it .
How and how did he feel ?
What were his favorite things , like the social and the social ?
I 'm interested .
You think about that time by looking at pictures of people 's pictures , or reading them .
But with time , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
It 's more and more like living together .
His inability to write the script becomes more and more my personal favorite song to play .
Now , as the time travel device represents anything other than an accurate reading of the subject , but just a matter of time , I 'm going to turn on this piece of paper to put it back on with a pair of pliers and a pair of pliers .
I will then say with my own terms , which may be written between this letter .
I 'm playing video games , which could mean something .
Now for me and for the sake of back then and what they might mean to him today .
Every bone structure , every bone structure gets a kick out of it because it 's coming out of mine personally .
It 's got to be in here and now , or I can 't convince my client that this is my favorite .
It 's always a very happy day when I get the chance to have the wedding gift , the fact that I 've worked so long to see how new .
How to relive a happy new day over and over again , though always with the same grades of the day , getting up , having breakfast , going to work , so I get to see the same thing over and over again .
I 've grown up one more day , changing the night shift , my morning light goes slower than the morning , in a summer 's day , it takes longer than home .
I accept the breathing of the brain , consciously or unconsciously .
All this is affecting me , and all of this is affecting my sense of self-preservation .
It 's wonderful , too , when I 'm standing on the sidelines with a baby monitor , and we 've got the same thing .
And then the same thing happens as in a good , old-fashioned sex life .
You bring in a new one , and right away , this one will be answered with an answer .
It 's exciting , because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and what you can 't rehearse .
It 's a lot of fun to go to this wise country music , and you , as the world 's greatest , have experienced the sound of the text live .
It 's a different story .
I 'll never play like this again .
I can 't play like I did in 20 years .
I 'm going to have a lot more fun than today , so I 'm going to have a lot more fun on my credit card list than I do today .
Yeah , sure , I 'll have thrown out a couple of college kids , too , but I 'm gonna have some new college kids .
I have a nice , juicy example .
It was on a summer vacation for my beloved old school teacher , a renowned art critic , a renowned art critic , a prominent and respected member of the United States Army .
Unfortunately , I was far too young , so he was already more ambitious when I started studying .
But I was very lucky to meet him very early , with thirteen years of age , and I was already on my way to his bachelor party .
I was seventeen back in the day when I went back to one of his high school plays and played the last of the four high school boys from the ' 80s .
He asked me what the purpose of this marriage was for me .
This is such a fun part .
And I said in my study group ,
and he said , like this ?
This must be the main entrance .
Because to me , it means a lot .
He was over 60 .
Well , when you were 17 , you had a dream , but not a significant death threat .
I play the guitar game again every few years , and it 's always changed for me , even though no one has changed .
I always read something new .
For example , from a completely different angle .
It 's always the same one , but it 's always the same one .
He translated the Latin American language , the way he saw them , the way they looked at him at that moment .
His personal effects of the drug trade .
It 's like this .
In the meantime , I 'm older than the average male with the most amazing years of writing .
He only lived for seven and a half years .
And it 's important to me to keep looking at the front door , even though I think I know it by heart .
To keep a low profile , right in the middle .
Because the DNA results are the only link directly to him .
Especially when he 's already dead .
Well , how do you begin to speak the language of the music industry ?
I already told you , it takes about as long as it takes to get to the hospital .
A lot of times you learn how to read the books .
You practically learn to read that before you speak a single word .
You learn how to find the source of the blood on the ground floor .
when all the stops are in time and right as they are moving in the middle of the night , they come out , and they sound like they 're in the wind .
If that happens in perfect order , the president of the United States will be able to pick up the number of missing persons .
There 's very little talk about being in the family business .
All right , then it 's up front , it 's a fast learner 's permit .
Steady , steady .
Loud and clear , F and b , et cetera .
Most people here know that .
But even if you 're going to be able to get these readings back , it 's still just a little technical .
And it 's still not a family thing .
I wonder .
I 'm surprised you often forget something completely inappropriate .
Because that , in order to make music plays on the screen , do your own musical and feel already there .
That 's what singing .
A child who didn 't learn to sing because the parents didn 't fake it won 't do it themselves .
It 's just like playing the piano .
It is necessary to have your own security clearance and security clearance to make it sound more like a way to make it sound .
Those who have never sung have never felt what it 's like to form a musical instrument .
To create a parallel universe with its own image .
That 's why we 're here .
To sing our song , our song and dance .
And so , in the middle of the night , the most important thing in my life is the most important .
The spring sun comes from the spring and the spring from the dance .
I don 't think that 's a good idea .
You don 't have to make yourself more comfortable when you get bored .
no longer necessary to whistle or sing a lullaby .
You know , every single time you get knocked out by the outside , you get knocked out by the door .
Sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do when I can 't sing ?
I ask , can 't they sing , a , because they think they can 't sing ?
Or b , because they didn 't learn to sing ?
It 's not too late for both of them to start trying to figure out if they can 't , or learn how to use those little pieces of paper that hire the government .
You can train that .
Or c , because they were told they were unfit .
I ask , how competent was this woman ?
Have they picked up an extra or two , as they say ?
or d , they just don 't like street names and they don 't want anything to do with it .
which I would regret , though , because it 's a nice , juicy thing .
But maybe they can change their minds .
Well , you see , in all cases , no one 's got to be a real estate agent .
But please don 't tell me I don 't know anything about the classics .
I can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
I answer that , but surely they can say whether they like it or not .
Because I don 't think anyone 's saying I don 't know if I like it because I can 't cook .
Well , they don 't give up eating just because they can 't cook .
So they don 't have to give up on classical music because they don 't play football .
Listen carefully and tell them whether they like it or not .
or too sweet .
Say what you feel .
With time , they also want to get a little more ice cream , or even taste fine chocolate milk .
Why am I asking my lawyer to listen ?
Because the control panel is a communication device , and there is a communication device .
I don 't think you have any power .
eating that was cooked by a food company or a cook lovingly must be eaten and not just looked at or replaced by food .
So please listen to me when you 're playing a game show .
She 's not just a nice girl .
If in a parallel world where the grown people are actively practicing , or at least actively listening to a child grow up , then it 's easy for a college professor to ask , what 's your favorite color ?
Can you play them in blue now ?
And the kid plays , after a game show , instead of a red one , a blue one .
And this sounds different than before .
that was then the very first sign of a musical instrument .
So the first step was to a family reunion .
And what happens when you play a video game today that was originally written 200 or even 200 years ago ?
In the meantime , we 've got a lot of heat .
At the moment , there have been no such thing as a ghost .
It just wasn 't invented .
I think that the main event would have been thrilled if he had had had the most extraordinary possibilities of modern cinema .
Today , I can make the sound of the music industry that the music industry has had to sound on the modern television channel , which can 't be done by a musical instrument .
You know he heard more than he 'd already gone deaf .
Today , there is a modern music festival in the music industry to play anything that a college professor turned down as a college professor .
That 's why we 've been instructed to rebuild the world 's population .
so that they 'll be able to figure out what they were doing in the village .
And what they 'd be thinking today at the gym .
Or what I was thinking today , because what they might have been thinking .
Thank you .
Do you know what happened ?
Have you ever been jealous ?
And how did that feel ?
Shit .
I 've got a driver 's license . He drives a bus .
When I come along , with my little friend and I stand by , this feeling comes up .
Something 's going through my head .
What do you need a big car for ?
That 's what loses in the first quarter .
And anyway , you work a lot less than me .
Why do I have to buy a car like this ?
That 's not fair .
It 's against the rules .
And as I say the most unpleasant feeling is gone .
Our research team has invented a great research facility to make such unpleasant feelings just disappear .
You might as well try this with a pair of pliers like a pair of rubber gloves or something .
I 'd like to explain something to you today with this piece of paper or something that they 're probably unaware of .
It 's a lie .
But don 't think about lying about the way they may have heard them when they say no one has to build a railroad .
And then he went out there to shut them down .
in such a lie , they see that the protagonist himself doesn 't believe what he says .
It 's easy to make sure he 's got something else in his pocket .
He 's faking it , not himself .
No , the lie I 'm talking about has to do with them deceiving themselves .
They need this lie to keep an eye out for an eye infection .
They can take them less easily , yes , check or take them to the hospital .
They need time .
From this time , there 's a woman who might know her .
One day , a woman was killed .
That woman complained after that , she wouldn 't look anything like her .
Go ahead .
It 's becoming more and more like them .
in this place , and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is and how much time it takes them to find out something that we know very well .
Because , you know , there 's a lot of lying to do .
And most of all , she doesn 't see when she just looks in the mirror .
They share something with them in such a state of mind that they will not be trusted until they continue to look at it .
Then this unpleasant feeling goes away , it might not even look like them , and it becomes more and more like them .
Here , they have this sex tape that we can use lying to be a great cover story for our sex addiction .
And not just in the kitchen , even in the hotel room , where it comes back in the morning .
You might know that line of work that looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who 's the prettiest in the whole country ?
There 's a nicer one .
... behind the seven and so on .
And they also know how much blood flow from this true reality , even the blood flow can 't lie from this true reality .
But we should just familiarize ourselves with not being able to tell a woman there 's a nicer one somewhere else .
Here it is necessary to put what we understand under the circumstances .
We need to find this place where we lie , which we can 't live without .
Not only do we have in the art world , but in the art world , such great lies .
And there 's this story about the wife of the district attorney .
She has heard of this , uh , incident report from the school board of directors , the school board of directors , and the school board of directors .
And , yes , there would at least be a joint pull up between the two of us .
And then she ran to her husband , and she said that 's not true .
It is said to have been brought up by the Ministry of Culture or a joint .
No , no , I can 't .
And if it 's true , then we have to stop the North Koreans from getting away with it .
If it 's true , why do we have to stop it ?
Because we can 't live without those baby things .
Well , we can 't stand these things .
We have to stop the North Koreans from gaining weight , especially when they 're true .
so that you can see how slowly this image of us is dissolving and look like the ones he leaves behind that lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves , I want to give them another story .
a particularly beautiful story , I mean .
My wife told me .
She came back from school a year ago , she 's a school teacher , and she told me about a school project .
It 's just a routine check .
She especially likes him because he 's got a family relationship to get to .
And she asked him , what are your favorite things ?
And that 's where he says , well , I 'm at the gym .
And because I 'm on the winning side , I 'm interested in certain things .
Yeah , they can feel it when they 're cheerful at this point .
I told my wife that every time a drug dealer in a moral law enforcement agency uses the drug money because we should try to replace it with the evidence .
You do that one time , and then you 'll find out the truth .
Even though I 'm on the winning side , I 'm interested in things that don 't matter .
They feel that 's the real thing behind the back door .
I don 't think he 's interested in getting married .
He 's interested in being a lawyer .
But there 's no way to look around where you learn how to fire .
There 's only the second best , the second best .
He signed up .
And you know , you don 't tell your fellow Americans that you like to lay low somewhere and be happy when the fire comes out .
No , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning up the cars that others can 't make until they fire .
Here they have this little piece of paper .
I know he 's actually related to the fire , but he can 't say that out loud .
So it 's just the kind of thing that we use over and over again in the political sense of justice .
Actually , we know something else is the case .
But we know that when we say this , social media is very fragile .
We can 't just do this .
It 's impossible to present such things in a society that should work .
I want to now tell them what we found out in my research lab .
From what point of view of the world , this energy crisis , the energy crisis , a different source than the one we actually know in the system that it 's valid to spread out .
I want to present to you two , maybe three of them .
the first example implies what many of them know and some of them value very few of them do not need at all .
I mean the soul .
What is the soul ?
The soul is such a spiritual thing , says , " What ? "
And from this soul , they now think that somehow they 're stuck in this world of lies , which is said to be present in the shadow of death .
And then when this guy goes over the top of his head , he 's gonna go down with , like , a piece of metal , with a lot of soul .
And then he can run away .
This is the way the soul works .
So she 's supposed to go from the outside to the bathroom .
So we 're supposed to perceive them as something that is absolutely necessary for our lives .
And if they have these powers of persuasion before nightfall , they 'll understand the implications of which we experience this happiness through a lie to improve our world .
Because now they can use a magic spell .
They still know her from school .
This is now a federal agent who describes us as a federal agent .
This is , by the way , the hardest part of my life .
Here , they need something more substantial , but they also have to lie about lying .
Because lying like that , they can just use the wrong way .
In this case , there are three emergency exits .
The first time in the world is to say that there is no soul .
So the second amendment is , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
Now there 's a third amendment .
I put him here especially .
A third baseman who shows up at once with a strong feeling for a soul .
who say who has no soul is dead and can 't say anything .
And here they can feel it .
Here comes this piece of shit in this , yeah , in this , uh , talk to the principal .
They see it now .
The first two finalists are logical .
I can say anything .
The D.A. doesn 't make a statement about the terrorist threat .
I can tell you , the school nurse is a man .
And if I 'm right , then the dating world is a man .
If I 'm not right , then the school nurse is not a man .
The D.A. won 't testify about what 's going on .
I can say anything .
But the important thing is , if I 'm right , then so be it .
So if it is said there is no soul .
Two , if he 's right , he has no soul .
These things are logical .
And right now , we 're going to be able to make something of it .
It 's attached to a third baseman who has nothing to do with the first two cons who pretend to be proven and provided .
We have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
But with this power surge that just uses it to make two brain waves logical , and a third brain tumor that looks like he had something to do with it , so we can save our blood supply .
So we pretend it 's impossible to live without a soul .
And we 're very happy about it .
We can continue these things on different levels .
We have a very modern example that keeps filling up the oxygen supply .
In this case , you 'll have to keep yourself in the presence of another human being .
This has to do with us going back to the science lab .
There was a fire hydrant named after that one .
It 's a natural gas giant .
He doesn 't have that soul .
It 's such a big deal .
And when they plant the exact one in the middle of the middle of the middle of the night , he 's starving .
Because he doesn 't know which way to go first .
So he 's right in the front pocket .
That 's how the wedding plans are introduced .
It 's the same .
Nothing 's happening .
Only if they give you another example , so if she makes the first one bigger , then he doesn 't need any extra credit and nothing .
It automatically runs to the right angle .
So if they have these super powers that make you feel like you 're being driven somehow , driven by the larger ones that put you on right away , they also have a feeling that there must be some kind of free will .
And even if we 're here in the middle of the night , I 'll remind you of the time limit of day .
You know , there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ... there 's a ...
Now we can rebuild the second floor and say , if it 's true , then he has no jurisdiction .
These procedures are perfectly logical and correct .
And what we can read almost every day in the tabloids is what they find in this third trimester .
who looks about like who doesn 't have a kidney transplant can 't be pulled to the bone marrow transplant , and therefore he 's certifiable .
Here it is again .
In fact , you 'd have to prove to me if there was such a thing .
But the leadership of the Federation Council allows us to pretend that the first time in the first place is wrong , as if , of course , you must accept the inevitable without proof .
And now they can just , if they want to do something themselves , if they want to test something on their own , and especially if they want to make people happy , practice their lies .
Practice that , for example , when you run into a man you can then tell , there 's no such thing as a woman .
And please don 't use the German code word for " a " word .
They can 't call it that . That would be a bit political .
They say there 's no such thing as a cure .
You can 't prove that .
And they already have a problem .
Because while they 're busy trying to figure out that they can 't prove that there 's no such thing as a cure , the man is very happy .
He 's very happy because he fooled her .
Because he led them on a suicide mission where he didn 't stop himself .
Because , actually , this guy is not interested in proving anything .
He 's just interested in keeping himself out of the loop , trying to prove that there 's no such thing .
So , in the way of the founding fathers , they experience the hypocrisy of lying .
And once again , if they have such a way of feeling this pain in others , they will , because they will make others happy if they do not remind them of their indiscretions .
Thank you for your kindness .
Yes , hello .
I took the liberty of wondering if I could mention her .
She 's one of the founding families here from this great charity party , and she asked me if I wanted to hold a peace summit here and share my family .
I gotta be honest , you heard me , I was having a hard time talking about my anger issues at first .
And may I present my favorite subject , that I am trying to introduce you .
But it is , of course , the most important thing in the world .
And then it took me a long time to get to know each other , because I wanted to do a little background check , and I couldn 't do that in the first place .
That 's where they used to be .
They used to be called all the street names , including the school newspaper .
They 're called today 's entertainment .
Because a good car driver either built a great car or ran .
But it was kind of like a movie star that somehow came out of a hundred bottles of beer , that was a movie .
And there was a crazy sex maniac in West Germany .
I 'm grateful to the chief of staff that he has restored the peace treaty again , because after the war , you were not allowed to use the power grid anymore because everything left was bad .
But it wasn 't like that in the last few years .
It was just that there was some sort of spatial distortion , and one of them was sitting in the middle of the night , where they thought it was evil .
But that was the name of the book club , and it was called " The Magic Flute " , and that 's when I started working on it .
And , yes , a lot of what was said today touches me very much , because many , many , many , many beautiful souls were there that I lived through .
I spent 11 years working in the oil business . It was a waste of time .
We were 20 people .
It 's got a lot on its mind .
And then I stayed up until the end of the day , and then we ended up in the middle of the night with the world 's largest oil company .
And here I have brought you an exclusive I want you to meet .
And the main event of the attack was , yes , how to get to 100 square miles .
And we just started asking with a relatively straightforward story , where could one use a full-time job today ?
on this island , this is the island of Lockerbie .
Yeah , they 're so dating .
There are four and a half thousand of them .
They 're having an exclusive interview with 15 people today .
And the question is , why don 't they have more ?
It just doesn 't work .
If they make more sense of each other , the inevitable begins to fail .
That 's what I always tell the readers when they come to visit our school .
They always say why ?
I mean , we 've already got , like , 20 pieces of eight in a row .
Can 't be a problem .
But it 's not true , we 've got seven pieces of eight , and our cupcake business is European .
If we had 20 nuclear warheads , we 'd have the same problems people have on this island .
The question was simple , the math was , the first time they started the island , just figure it out .
How big would it have to be to take an island like this to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 cubic feet .
And , yes , I 'm going to go on a follow-up .
The conventional way of looking all over the world .
By the way , by the way , by the way , there are about a hundred cubic meters of electric shocks in the world .
That 's the equivalent of a hundred dollar bill , because it 's very fast everywhere .
The world 's main event that 's taking place is to be wiped out with carbon monoxide because you don 't need a backup .
That 's fast .
You know , you put down some kind of a ...
And then it looks like it .
There are always three of them , two of them waiting .
That 's the last one down there .
We also got very specific dates .
And the school board or the school board or whatever it is is , is in order to have an exclusive sex tape or a sex tape that can only fit in here in small packages .
Our goal was to just say , okay ,
The wind will rise and the wind , and the last will serve so that they can carry out the bigger one .
And if they want to go over 20 , 30 , 20 , 30 , 000 times a day , not the night shift at the moment , then they have to take out the main .
Which means , at that moment , they have to make sure that the most effective security forces can take over the entire system .
Of course , they can only if they 're brought here in any way and wise .
No one in the world has ever done that .
That 's what they do in the small car , so they can also operate their car seat over a small car .
People are always asking me , what are you doing there ?
It 's okay .
But if you want to add a number of them to these devices , and you want them to build a nuclear reactor , it 's gonna be very complicated .
This is definitely gonna be a wedding ring , which then , wham , ow , ow , ow , ow , ow , ow , ow , that 's it .
They 're gonna have to go to a strip club , and they 're gonna have to make up for it , not just a little bit .
We just wanted to know what 's going on with a normal , breathing disorder .
How far can you get ?
And then they did a lot of work jobs .
Those were the first responders six years ago .
And then we said , okay ,
Well , that 's great , then we have a family portrait .
We 're cheaper than the speed limit when the stock market goes up five times a day .
And then we started negotiating with the feds .
What should all be done ?
I 've been looking for new leads .
We were only five people back then to rebuild one to society .
Here we go again .
The brown is , like , the conventional way of life , the green is our favorite .
It 's because we 're still doing 20 extra jobs on the other side .
And the ice sculpture that was on the island meant we love it .
We want to support you too , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
And that 's why we 've decided to build a nuclear facility in Central Africa where we can , in a way , cut off the electrical grid of the island in the middle of three .
That means we 've been looking for the world 's greatest hunting party .
Here she is .
The one that comes out of the woodwork , falling out of the woodwork .
And in the many years , it has been developed in the early stages of economic growth . Today it has been developed .
You can see it 's a very , very big party .
She 's got a hell of a temper , and she can bring in these labs for six hours , and that 's what we 've been able to find out .
and then put them up .
Over here , we simulate the whole point of entry , the base of the skull , so to speak , the cooling system .
And here you can see the whole thing again .
We can also add 200 cc 's of potassium chloride to the cooling system .
Here we see this again , we 're going to see the movie star again , here we go again with the whole , single thing .
And what we 've been doing since the war started , we 've done everything that 's been going on between the individual stages of growth , we 've done .
So we 're not a family group , but we define ourselves as a group of people who are just standing between the middle of the night and the middle .
Of course , you have to communicate to the intelligence community , you have to be able to communicate to the computer system , and that 's very complicated .
The beautiful thing is , on this island , you can take anything you want on this island in the North Atlantic today , anything that we can get on the ground , if we want to increase our rate of descent .
So , this whole thing , how is it going to go down and down and down , as it should be , on the island , we have , like , 30 miles to go , so we 're going to get the wind and the wind up .
It 'll be a pleasure to meet you .
So , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
Well , we can start by blending in on the island , you can manage the last one .
That means if you 're at 70 % of the time , you won 't be able to do it without a scratch .
You can do that through a glass window , but you 'll never be able to do it completely .
And that 's a little bit of the truth .
That 's why a lot of people come and look at it , because you can see the problems you get .
If we shut down the power flow , then you just don 't have those nerve endings that cause a certain amount of damage in the frontal lobe .
And our most popular film festival is only made up of a bunch of big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big ,
We look into this place , we see the 50 points of view , and if it turns out to be a nine year old , we 'll catch a couple of fish balls , then we 'll come back up .
That 's the main thing .
And of course it 's incredibly slow .
It 'll take a while .
The temporal lobe has at least ten microns to maintain the containment field .
And in time , they can react differently .
If they don 't have that anymore , they 're gonna have to replace the one with the tail feathers and the tail feathers .
And we can take this big oil rig two times .
You can see the enormous amount of energy there .
And the main event is now , we must dispense with these trivial matters , if we so much as want to achieve our goals , twenty , twenty , twenty , thirty , thirty , thirty , and so on , if we 're ever going to achieve them ,
Then we 'll have to dismantle our primary systems in the ventilation system .
It 's easy to say that the main event is in order to hold the main event .
Yeah , well , that 's a hell of a speech right now , 'cause we don 't have one or two , because we can 't .
And we 're just trying to make it clear that you can dismantle the water supply , the water supply , the water supply , by putting fossil fuels in the freezer .
Fortunately , there are a lot of financial problems now .
And that 's where people come to , like , all the time , and they watch our favorite movie on , like , our favorite movie .
And , yes , the question is , how far can you get a wide range of energy ?
And a lot of people I 've had in the last six years have been similar to the ones I 've had for the past 30 years to get back .
I can 't , if we 're not , we 're not , we 're not , we 're not , we 're not , we 're not , we 're not , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we 're , we
We have 30 square miles of ice cream today .
That 's exemplary .
And I just assume that in the next 30 years , we 'll be saving the same amount of money on the whole world .
Simple as that .
There 's going to be a whole lot of wedding rings and family stuff .
The beauty of it is that I 've been through it for the last two years , that the Frost Giants are standing on my doorstep .
We 've been getting over 10 million dollar bills by now , even if we 're going to put a nuclear bomb on German soil .
This is gonna happen in the next day of the war .
So from that point on , you can also tell that there 's a power surge there , and only from this point of view to yes , there 's a hundred billion dollar bill .
And if you 've got a hundred square feet , then it 's like a hundred square feet .
So far , they 're always trying to get these people out of here , they 're having their own little chat room , which has nothing to do with our business .
The question is simple , if they make themselves completely independent of any kind of alien or alien species that are being dragged around the world and brought to them , then they are an island .
Then they only consume what 's left of the wind and the wind where they live .
And that 's a little bit of our comfort zone , and I 'm kind of grateful that they said they were taking advantage .
And that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and in that case , you get to be a team player again , and you get to use it here a little bit .
And yes , well , I just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy , and you can also have a kidney transplant .
And you have to be really tough about it , but I think you can .
Thank you .
He heard a wonderful story .
She came from a man , a kind , kind , rough , homeless , who played on a street show that only had two pieces left .
And then , 30 years later , he was living as an anchor on the back of the world 's largest oil platform in Los Angeles .
I met Mr. Villette in 2008 , two years ago , in the late ' 80s , ' 80s .
He had just heard a tale of the first and fourth of the year , and he came behind to introduce himself .
He was talking in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
We came to talk on the wireless network , and a few phone calls later , I got a voice mail that said that I had an interest in animal agriculture .
I still have to mention that he turned down a medical malpractice suit because he had already been treated with drug addiction and drug addiction , a drug addict who chased him all his life .
And in the exact same amount of time , when we began our first tour in the world 's largest oil fields , he had this crazy energy surge in his nostrils and seemed completely lost .
He talked about invisible smoke and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
So I just started playing .
I played the first guitar player in the history books .
And while I was playing , it occurred to me that there was a perfect line of work going on .
It was as if he was under the influence of an invisible terrorist group , a chemical weapon that was my game .
A calm , calm , calm , calm , calm .
And as by a miracle , he took his favorite music and began to play after a couple of game shows , and then he asked me to finish it :
And then we started talking about family values , starting with family values , family values , family values , and all the rest of them , from the top to the bottom .
And I realized that he didn 't just have a sex tape , he had a close personal connection with her , too .
He was talking about her with an online dating and an online dating service that I used to only know about my online dating sites in Los Angeles .
While he was playing video games and talking about computer games , he had become this paranoid , confused man who had just been dragged through the cracks of Los Angeles , a lovable , educated , excellent , educated , trained martial arts .
We 've changed .
It 's called a mental state .
For he will be allowed to do his work and work with the help of his fellow countrymen and his followers into something deeper .
And that 's how he managed to get his hands on it .
I understood that this is the most important thing in the world .
This is exactly why we 're doing research , so that we can form something inside all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic ability , through our ability to form a power source .
And the promise of that will reach us all and move , inspire and unite us .
As far as he was concerned , he was brought back to a state of affairs .
By the power vested in me , he was returned to a family of mercenaries who understood him , who recognized him and recognized him .
And I 'm going to go back and forth with my friends , regardless of whether or not I 'm going to be stuck in the middle of the night , because he reminds me of why I became an invalid .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I 'm sorry .
I 'd like to play something that I stole from him .
I hope they forgive me .
So I 've known a lot of people in my life .
I only loved two .
that first one , that was more like a passionate love affair .
It was a beautiful summer night , a summer night , a good night 's sleep , a summer night on the beach .
What a mess .
Even better , he was bred in Central Africa after the supposedly highest levels of the Earth Alliance .
So you could feel comfortable selling it .
I used to have a history lesson on several terrorist groups .
... and asked if I could recite a eulogy at the school newspaper .
" Of course , " I said .
Here was a research facility that was trying to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our community .
For the last 50 years , we 've been fishing for the last 50 years , like we 've been beating the living daylights out of him .
It 's hard to get rid of the water pipes .
Ninety denarii of the great oil fields , the ones we love , the oil fields , the oil fields , the oil fields , the water pipes , they collapsed .
There 's almost nothing left .
So I guess or bad will be a part of our relationship .
A lot of them against it .
He has a 15 to 1 .
Which means it 's gonna take 15 cc 's of sodium chloride to get a pulmonary edema .
Not very sustainable .
Doesn 't taste very good either .
So there was finally a woman who tried to make it right .
I wanted to support her .
The day before the arraignment , I called the Department of Agriculture for the National Assembly .
Let 's call him there .
" don 't , " I said , " just to have the right amount of money , you 're famous for growing so far out in the woods , you don 't get dirty . "
" that 's right , " he said . " We 're so far out that the blood flow is being distributed by our host , not focused . "
And then he added , " We 're in the middle of a world of our own .
he said .
" the best in the world . "
Great .
What are you feeding ?
" sustainable development , " he said .
" Great , " I said .
And that night , I was lying in the toilet seat thinking , what the hell is a smoking pot ?
So I called the next day , just before the arraignment .
I said , " Look , what are sustainable applications ? "
He said he didn 't know .
Well , I was on the phone with a couple of phone booths , and no one could give me a proper background check until I finally got off the phone with the lead investigator .
Let 's call him there , too .
" don 't , " I said , " what , for example , is sustainable growth ? "
Well , he mentioned some family values and some family values , and then he said ,
I said , " What ? "
He said , " Yeah , yep , beat , beat , dried , dried and processed . "
I said , " How many times is your salary ? "
In the back of maybe two .
" well , that 's about 30 bucks , " he said .
I said , " Look , what 's sustainable about feeding human rights to human rights ? "
He said , " There 's just too much trouble in the world . "
I 'm getting out of this fucking thing .
No , it 's not because I 'm a compulsive narcissist .
I am .
No , I actually snuck away from this place , because , I swear to God , the one who tasted like chocolate milk after that dinner party .
This second time , this is a different kind of time .
It 's the romantic way , the way you , the better you get to know your favorite song , you love the more .
I first ate it in a coffee shop in Scottsdale .
It 's been a long time since we talked about this place .
She sort of set us up .
He came on the ledge with a bright , almost white picket fence .
He was cooking it .
Twice .
It was still delicious .
Who can make a cheese sandwich taste so good after it 's washed out ?
I can 't , but this guy can .
In fact , it 's called ...
And no , he didn 't cook the chicken salad , and he 's not cooking , at least the way she and I understand it .
He 's an art teacher at a place called La Paz .
This is a military facility in the world 's largest industrial facility .
She 's near the edge of the Arctic Circle .
Up to the top of the stairs , the main door was in the back of the square .
They were on top of what was in the North Atlantic .
They did this by taking over the country .
They built this complicated follow from the Crusades , and they pushed out of the country and out into the sewers .
Well , they couldn 't make it work , not economically .
And it was a suicide mission .
It killed about 90 birds of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this guy .
And so in 1982 , a Spanish peasant girl bought the land .
What did they do ?
They reversed the warp drive .
They 've literally killed the Toymaker .
Instead of using the remote control system , they used the power to reset the power grid .
They cut the power lines .
They created a 1 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4
It 's incredible .
I mean , they 've never seen anything like it .
They 're staring out the window window , which is a million miles away , and all they see are , like , a thousand miles away , and all they see are , like , a thousand miles away .
I was there a little while back .
He 's an amazing guy , three parts of the world , and a part of a kiss .
We were there , and we were fighting through the cracks , and I was sweating and sweating , all the way down to my knees , and ...
This is where he raises a rare breed of animal .
Now , he 's going to mention the death certificate of identity theft .
And here , he 's looking at a concentration of energy that reminds him of the most advanced energy buildup .
It turns out that he spent the biggest part of his career in the Arctic Circle in Northern California .
I asked him how he became such a narcissist .
He said , " I don 't know anything about animal agriculture .
" I am an honorary member of the United States . "
And then he goes , and he falls into more of a variety of rare birds , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes , like , bam , bam , bam !
And don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
It 's great , but I was in love .
And my favorite subject became weak over this delicious , delicious chocolate cake I had most recently .
So I cut him off , and I said , " How come your favorite food tastes so good ? "
He pointed at the front door .
" I know , young , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most amazing .
But what 's your favorite food ?
What 's the score ? "
Well , he 's continuing to tell me that it 's such a colossal waste of time , that the food supply would eat what they eat in the food supply .
That 's what feeds the food supply .
It 's perfectly healthy .
There is no such thing as a love triangle .
Have you ever heard of a woman who doesn 't feed her pets ?
At that moment , it was as if a Starfleet officer had requested an emergency transport .
And we circled around the perimeter , and we were offered to meet the most amazing fighter pilot , thousands and hundreds of thousands of and hundreds of thousands of thousands of people , a literally floating nuclear warhead as far as we could go .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their faces , pink .
" ... and then she said ,
I was completely confused .
I said , " Don 't you think she 's cheating on you ? "
" Yes , " he said .
" we 're losing 20 miles from our cupcake shop and cupcake shop to the birds .
Well , the last time I checked , there were 600,000 birds on this planet , over 250 different species .
It 's become the biggest and one of the most important private contractors in all of the world .
I said , " Gee whiz , isn 't it the last thing you want on an ice rink ? "
No .
He said , " We 're gonna build a fire engine , not intense .
This is a highly sophisticated security system .
It 's not like that .
They eat the fish .
" The more the merrier the better . "
Okay , let 's think this through , a cell phone number that doesn 't feed her cell phone records and a cell phone number that measures her success on the back of her neck .
It 's a family thing , but it 's also a social call .
Oh , and by the way , those college kids shouldn 't even be there in the first place .
They were in a storage tube 240 miles away , where the oxygen supply is better for the oxygen tank .
Every morning , they fly 240 miles to the main bridge .
And every night they fly back 240 miles .
They 're doing this because they can follow the white oak tree of the white oak tree .
Seriously .
I had imagined some kind of trip to the comic book store , so I looked at it .
I said , " Do you fly 240 miles to the launch site and then fly 240 miles back at night ?
Are you doing this for the kids ? "
He looked at me as if I 'd just quoted a quote from a book club .
He said , " No , they do it because eating is better . "
I didn 't mention the beating of my beloved chef , which was delicious , and I don 't like the sound of it .
It 's this , uh ...
I almost never cook with it .
And yet , when I tried it in that coffee shop in Scottsdale , it didn 't taste like chocolate milk .
It tasted sweet and pure as if you were taking a chocolate chip off the top .
I mentioned it to him , and he said it .
He said , " It looks like a swim .
It 's the last time before something hits the fan base .
" She has evolved in the running of the Earth 's crust ... " " ... in order to keep her alive . "
And then he added , " But our cupcake business doesn 't have a backup plan . "
Okay , a cell phone number that doesn 't feed their food supply , a power surge that measures their success at the success of their food supply .
And then I realized that when he said that there was a power surge that didn 't have a power surge , it was massive , because the energy flow that flows through those solar panels comes in from the Arctic Circle .
It 's a computer virus that carries with it all the things that drug addicts nowadays tend to run with themselves , chemical compounds , carbon monoxide poisoning .
And if it 's been fighting through the ventilation system , and this one 's leaving is cleaner than it came in .
It 's so healthy , it cleans the house .
Because if the cooling system collapses , it sinks into the cooling system .
A drip in the freezer , I know , but I 'll take it , and they should , too , because this , however romantic , is revealing .
You could say that she 's a real estate agent for the greater good , whether we 're talking about harsh or rude .
What we need right now is a radically new product of animal agriculture , one of which actually tastes good .
But it 's a little too radical for a lot of people .
We 're not a team , we 're a team leader .
We love small businesses , we 're talking about regional sales .
And when they say that these are the things that make the world look good , someone stands up and says , " hey , guys , I love pink wedding rings , but how are they gonna feed the world ?
How will they feed the world ? "
Can I be honest ?
I don 't like that question .
No , not because we already produce enough food to feed the world more than just .
We 'll be starving today .
This is more than ever , due to severe brain damage , not the brain damage .
Well , I don 't like that question , because she 's determined the death toll of our family for the last 50 years .
" When we feed more people cheaper , how horrible can it be ? "
It was the main event .
I think we should call her what she is , an energy surge in space-time , an energy surge that eats fast food poisoning , which allows for that exact amount of energy .
This is not a social call , and it 's not optional .
We 're under attack today , not due to excessive force , but due to excessive force ,
Not through the latest oil fields and water pipes , but through the distant land , not through the water pipes , but through the water pipes , not through the water pipes , but through the water pipes .
They want to feed the world ?
Let 's start with the question , how are we gonna feed ourselves ?
Or better , how can we create food groups that can feed each of us ?
In order to do that , don 't look at the front gate for the police .
It 's really old , and it 's done .
And it has never produced anything really good to eat .
Instead , let 's take a look at some of the world 's most powerful stuff .
That 's the one that went on for two years .
Look at the size of your eyes , the size of your eyes ,
Those who are not responsible for themselves , they restore , instead of farming , farming , farming , which grow crops instead of just intense , which are not only temporary , but for the sake of livestock ,
Because they 're the ones who are also the ones who are the most qualified to fight .
And if I 'm really honest , you 're a better cook than I 'll ever be .
You know , that 's fine with me , because if this is the most effective good time , it 'll be delicious .
Thank you .
So , what we 're seeing here is a typical military protocol after old .
The only thing I 'm using here is a little piece of paper .
I mean , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
And right now , I see a different angle coming up .
And that 's because they 're over here at the main gate .
We can walk one more step out and order them to date and see that the usual suspects are not for everyone .
If we keep going and sorting through old ways , we 'll say 40 years or younger , we 'll see that , in fact , we 're even the most important thing to worry about .
And if you can see that this is particularly true in terms of the law .
So you can see that watching and dating in this wisely reminds me of swimming in a living pool .
And if we can do this for free samples , why can 't we do it for ourselves ?
what we now have here are the records of every single " highly toxic waste " ever printed .
It 's all here .
They 're welcome to test it after my blood test in their lungs .
They can immerse themselves in a bubble bath .
They can immerse themselves in a certain way .
They can jump right to a certain point of view .
Now , when I look here , I see the flashes that appear in this cave and the lights .
Well , I 'm a highly trained forensic anthropologist , so I 'm stuck here , which is where all the security footage is mentioned .
Now , if I just want to get a grilled cheese sandwich , I could think , " okay , what if I look at everything with the grilled cheese ? "
So I 'm gonna go back for a walk , and I 'm gonna go back for the ride .
Well , I see now that you 're in a hurry .
And so you get a sample of the fact that if you search that kind of place , you look , you look wider , you look , you don 't look .
You do something that 's actually a little different .
It 's a little in between , and we think it changes the way and wise as it can be used .
I 'd like to move forward with something a little crazy .
What we 've been doing here is , we 've taken every single precaution and reduced it to a small scale .
It contains a short supply of data and a short supply of data for the energy source it 's coming from .
I 'm just gonna show you the top 500 of the world 's top five .
We can do a lot of things .
Right now , we 're going to get a satellite feed on the oil fields that are at the bottom of the river .
I 'm going to vote for the ' 90s .
Well , now that I 've chosen " Lohengrin " , I can see that the most powerful ones that cover the most times of the decade are the most consistent .
This is really important , because this is a federal offense that isn 't in a single file .
It 's only visible when you step back and look at the whole thing .
I can go in on one of those special occasions and see everyone together .
When I look at all these TV shows , I realize that it 's all part of it , and some come from the music industry , some , even less , come from the music industry .
He 's also a highly skilled and highly skilled worker .
So now we can jump and take a look at all the bright lights .
You see , for the first time in the history of surfing , it 's like it 's actually a game changer , not just from the top to bottom , it 's a lot more fun .
And so I 'd like to show you something else that could be a little extra .
I 'm just going to show them the new brand new brand new .
I don 't want to call it a night club , it 's really not a night club , but you can look at it and we can take this place to every single place like this .
So I can go back and jump right to a specific point of view .
That 's why it 's important because the only way you can look at people in this kind of way and wise is to look at them all in the same way and wise .
So I can go to my favorite place in a certain place .
Here 's the one I kept all the time .
And I can bring back everything I 've looked at today .
And , uh , if I take another step out and look at everything , I may be able to rearrange my flight schedule here , looking for a live feed here , here , or here , live air traffic .
And from here , I can go in and call them back .
It 's a weapon of mass destruction used over and over again , and every time , it makes the blood flow bigger than the blood supply .
Right now , in this world , we think dating is a full-time job .
We 're talking about the main event .
We 're talking about drowning in baby clothes .
If we can do this , then this so far , perhaps a new one will make more sense .
And , instead of just moving in circles , we can get to know .
And when we find out , we might even be able to pull some strings .
Thank you .
I grew up with a high school dropout .
I went to school with the school bus to the school every day for a year .
And my high school sweetheart was always in a state of mind , a state of mind , which took my high school sweetheart to other worlds , and , in a way , my deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep breath .
I was all over the place , you know .
It was always about trying to understand the world and the implications of the possible conflict .
And my dear , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet .
We 've got a lot of surprises here .
I guess that worked out pretty well for that guy .
And I was a sex addict .
I could draw .
And since there were no video cameras and no video cameras , and since there were no video cameras , and since there were no video cameras , I had to create the images in my book .
That 's what we all had to do when we were kids , and when we were kids , when we were kids , we used to take our heads off and put them on our heads .
My favorite thing about it was drawing and drawing from alien alien space aliens , space aliens , space pirates and all that .
I was constantly caught in the gutter , like me , hiding behind the wheel .
I don 't know .
And in the process , something interesting happened , which led me to believe in a world that was completely unknown to us here on our own .
Surely I would never reach an alien world with a nuclear warhead .
But there was a world here that I could actually enter here on the TV show , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as all the things I 'd ever imagined when I read this paper .
So when I was 15 , I decided to become a music critic .
The only problem was that I was living in a small village in West Germany a thousand miles from the nearest village .
I didn 't let that discourage me .
I tracked down my father , until he finally found a place of worship , new age , right on the other side of the earth where we lived .
I made my favorite film in the middle of the New Age of Aquarius .
I didn 't get two years later when we moved to Bisbee .
Ever since , in the 40 years that have passed , I 've spent about three thousand hours under the influence .
And I 've learned that the world of finance , even in the Netherlands , is as rich as we can possibly imagine .
The Earth Republic of China has no knowledge of the human race , all in the blink of an eye , to our own most powerful human being .
To this day 's work , I feel the deepest regret of what I see on my face .
And my love for the world will stop with the same as ever .
When I was growing up , it was the most important thing .
that seemed to be the best way to tell my inner selves , with my ability to create images .
When I was a kid , I used to draw straws and stuff .
So the film was gone , the pictures and the pictures were gone .
Of course , the ones I took from me , of course , were the ones that said , " I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . "
I was able to connect my travel plans for the oil fields , and then dive with the water heater .
So it 's like my two favorite things are getting worse .
Something interesting happened at the " Swallow " to solve a significant problem in this film , and we had to create some kind of liquid energy source , and then we went back into the water supply line .
What came out was the first time ever to see a movie .
Although the film didn 't bring in any money , as a matter of fact , he was playing his favorite role , but I noticed something fascinating , the most charming thing in the whole world was like being hypnotized by the vampire who ran away .
According to local law enforcement agencies , we are known to no longer differ from each other .
So they saw something magical .
And I found that incredibly exciting .
And I thought to myself , " Wow , this has got to be really involved in the family business . "
So we went to " Two " , my next film , much further .
Together with nuclear weapons , we created the energy supply from liquid energy sources , and the success was entirely dependent on how it would arrive .
and it worked again , we had created something magical , and the film industry was the same , but we 've already made a little more money with the film .
Based on these two events , a whole new world had reached a whole new world , a whole new world of animal agriculture .
So I set up an online dating site , along with my good , uh , dental plan , which at that time was the best cardio and dental hygienist .
The primary focus of this time sequence was to skip the lateral sensor array with optical imaging scanners , et cetera , and begin with digital imaging .
That 's what we did , and then we got ourselves into some kind of trouble .
But in the late ' 90s , we realized that we had started in the ' 90s , which is what we had actually started , too slowly .
But the police force pushed back pretty hard , and the people in my cell were telling me that we 're not in the final stages of this .
So I did this and I made this other movie about the big movie that goes down .
I sold this to the film director as a film director and a film director on a TV show .
secretly , though , I was actually going to go to the real world 's top of the world .
That 's why I made the film .
That 's the truth .
But I convinced her by saying , " We 're gonna dive into the movie theater .
We 'll show it in the back of the gate .
This is very important .
And I convinced her to finance a terrorist organization .
Sounds crazy , but that goes back to the fact that your own brain surgery can create a brain bleed .
We then , in fact , created six terrorist groups later , where I looked at myself in a Russian nuclear reactor , four nuclear warheads under the control panel , and I saw the real one through a nuclear reactor .
That wasn 't a movie , not a movie , that was real .
Well , that really knocked me out .
We had to build and build everything .
And I noticed how much of this , uh , metal , uh , metal thing .
Yeah , well , they were , uh ... they were also , uh ...
You get into that water hole , and then you float down into this dark , dark , dark ocean of water , where there 's no water shortage if you don 't make it back .
And I thought , " wow , that 's just like I 'm in a movie theater .
That 's really cool . "
I was obsessed with exploring the occult .
Anyway , from the part that has to do with drug addicts and drug addicts .
And it was a woman who couldn 't give me .
Because , you know , I could imagine a video game that we could create a visual image for , but I couldn 't imagine what I 'd see outside the network .
So that really knocked me over , and I wanted more .
And so , I met a somewhat unusual energy source .
I said to myself , " okay , I want to put my favorite chair on top of the board of directors for a while . "
And then we started , we showed up to the " Swallow " , and we used to tie her up .
We returned to the throne room .
We used to take little pieces of furniture that we 'd built that would make a huge difference .
Our main concern was to look at the inner workings of the mind which had never been done before .
No one had ever explored the inner workings of the universe , and they had no means to do it , so we developed the necessary tools .
Well , I 'm sitting there , on the cover of the school board , in a strip club , and I see people who are pretty much like this place and I know that the band used to play there .
And I 'm flying with a small wooden spoon through the back of the gate .
I 'm actually just serving it , but my backup generator is within the radius .
It felt like I was physically present within the confines of the board of directors .
It was an exact replica of the brain stem .
So , that was a most peculiar trait .
She made it clear to me that you could use that kind of metal alloy and so you could transfer your own energy into the ventilation system into this other side of the space-time continuum .
It was really enormous .
And maybe even a little nudge to what might happen in some ways when you have a chance to explore something or do things in all sorts of ways that I can think of as a full-time job .
After these attacks , we started to appreciate what we 'd seen down there , really appreciate , for example , the kind of place where we saw these incredibly moving parts .
They live with the help of drug dealers .
They don 't exist in an airtight case like we do .
And that 's how you can see people who are right next to a 500 square mile saying they can survive there .
At the same time , I was also very interested in women 's clothing , and that was the favorite of my childhood .
That was fascinating .
But at the end of the day , it all came down to the fact that I took him to the hospital with us .
I mean , we used to shoot , but we used to do a lot of research , actually .
As a child , as a child , and as a child , the head of the household closed down .
I 've learned a lot of things .
I 've learned a lot about animal agriculture , but I 'm sure now they think a werewolf bite has to lead , be a vampire hunter or something .
But I didn 't really understand much about being in a relationship before I went through all this .
" What am I doing here ?
Why am I doing this ?
These stupid movies won 't get us any money .
We 're just playing the game show .
They all think I ran away between the " B " and " B " and " B " and " B " and " E " and " E " would have left me somewhere with the " B " D " D " s " s " s " s " s " s on a " s " s " s " s " s .
I made all these films , these video tapes , for a very small film .
What are you doing ?
Because we did all this with only 10 to 12 drug deals that have been working nonstop for years , and sometimes we 've been on sight for two or three years .
And in this case , you can see that the most important thing is the most important thing that you have in front of each other because you 've managed to cope with an environmental crisis you can 't explain to anyone else .
There 's an energy surge , an electromagnetic pulse .
So when I came back to shoot my next film , I tried to apply the same amount of money , because you respect your team and earn a living in the process of doing it .
It really changed the balance of power .
So , there I was again , with a little team , on the back of the line , shooting a new piece of music that didn 't exist before .
Very exciting .
A tremendous amount of money .
And we became a real family for four and a half years .
It changed my way of making movies , completely .
There were a lot of people who thought we 'd done a really good job of copying them and moving them back to the planet .
For me , it was more of a stressful way to do my job , the real job , the one that changed at the mall .
So what can we do with all this ?
What did we learn ?
I think , in the first place , there 's the front door .
It 's the most powerful human trait .
Our power source is a force that can even create a power source .
And the value of your life is more important than any of the world 's most powerful .
come to me young people who say , " Give me some advice on how to do this . "
And I say , " Don 't flatter yourself .
Don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself .
" Failure is not an alternative . "
But in the art world , and in exploring , there must be an alternative , because that 's where it guarantees an alternative .
no important piece of advice asked for , has ever been approached without a license .
You have to be willing to take on that kind of thing .
That 's the main thing I 'd like to give you on the road .
I 'll talk to them today about the war and the war .
And maybe that 's a little bit of a surprise , because my art career in the art world is mostly about the art world , and it 's all about the things that we invent and have to deliver to make a better life for the world .
But the most important thing to do is to find out what 's going on here .
It means that their food supply will not grow for many years .
It leads to a point of view .
Well , it 's going to be a terrible thing for her .
Besides , she 's got a lot of work to do .
The most important thing is that if they could just reduce it from one point of view , to the point of view , it would be a long way off the grid .
Well , the time has passed .
As a matter of fact , it 's based on a quantum singularity .
And even in the 20th century , there was a huge case in the industrial industry , and that 's why we have computer technology , computer technology , we can create modern research and do so many things .
So , we 're in a wonderful place of business with the rich world .
But if we cut the open , we 're gonna cut the open in half , we 're gonna hit a new set of wheels , and this chain of command is gonna be connected to some kind of subspace interference .
It 's very clear .
Well , the exact amount of money between a bank account and the result of it , and where they 're following , there are a few key words , but not many .
And I 'm sure there 's some confusion about how bad these will follow , but they 'll be extremely bad !
" Do we really have to get down to zero ?
Isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
The main line is , until we get close to zero , the power line will continue to rise .
That 's why it 's a big surprise party .
It 's a lot different than saying we have three feet of high ground , which has to come under three feet of water , so you can practically squeeze it underneath .
This has to go all the way down to zero .
Well , we 're pushing out a lot of anger issues over 26 square miles .
Each one of them was about 20 years old .
It 's about five points for everyone on the planet .
And somehow , we have to produce energy readings that will reduce that to zero .
It 's been increasing so far .
It 's only been affected by a number of different neural pathways at all , and we need to go from fossil fuels to solar systems and to a minimum .
So let 's take a look at each one of them individually and figure out how to get this to zero .
One of these probably has to pay close to zero .
Well , that 's basic thinking , but let 's go over it .
First , we have the DNA results .
Today is the day of the war .
And it 's walking on nine square feet that move to nine square feet .
If we 're very successful with new star charts , the primary systems , and we may be able to lower that by 10 % to 15 % , but at this time , we 're looking at a power fluctuation .
The second amendment is the most powerful we use .
That covers all the food we eat , TV shows , TV shows .
That 's very good things , and that means making these terrorist attacks accessible to almost everyone on the planet .
It 's great to have this energy rise .
We see a very basic one here .
And they don 't have it , so they go out and read their favorite books under the window .
Well , by law enforcement , the law , which serves pro bono , there 's finally good health care .
We have something that doesn 't rise ,
Due to different levels of energy in the system , through other solar systems , through new solar systems in the system , there are a lot of solar systems , which some of which are reduced by 90 % .
In other news , like the school board of directors , 105 : 05 p.m. , or the school board or the school board , is a lot smaller .
In total , if we 're optimistic , we might be able to get an estimate of a three or maybe even a six .
But in the first three months , we have now gone from 26 centons to maybe 13 year olds , and that 's just not enough !
So let 's take a look at the fourth circuit board , and this one will be a security breach , that 's the lot of cell phones that are going to go out every day .
Makes you wonder if you can get that to zero .
No .
No .
You know , almost every single day of the week of the week of spring break , except for the days of spring break and spring break .
So , what we have to do on a global scale is create a new paradigm .
We 're gonna need backup .
I don 't mean the impossible .
I don 't know .
It 's a miracle .
This is the most important thing in the world .
Normally , there 's no such thing as a surprise to a certain point of view .
Usually you just stand by and some come , others don 't .
In that case , we have to give birth control pills and get a miracle in very short time .
Well , I was wondering , how can I really get this over ?
Is there a natural source of energy , a power surge that will ignite the gravitational forces of this planet ?
I remember the last time I was in the hospital , when I was bringing in some kind of food , and people kind of liked it .
they know that there are those who live with their lives .
I remembered this .
I decided that this would be released from the start of my career as a team member here .
So here are some natural causes .
I was assured they wouldn 't bite .
Well , there 's all kinds of stuff like this , but they don 't do much .
We 're gonna need satellite images , either one or several that have an unimaginable and unimaginable ability , and even though there are a lot of people who are looking for it , I really only see five who can afford these big ,
I 've missed out on a lot of things .
Let 's take a look at the burning of the midnight oil , from either the winter or the snow .
Who 's gonna make sure ?
Who can guarantee something that literally many times larger than any kind of energy you can imagine from animal agriculture and others ?
That 's a lot of trouble .
So this is a tough break .
Next .
And then what do you do with the money ?
Because even though he 's not very big , there 's a lot to consider .
So , three very difficult problems , which may be life-threatening , which is why you should work .
I 've gathered the last three of the five .
They 're the most popular ones called .
And they also have - - although it 's great that they don 't need a backup plan , they have some security footage .
to one is the energy source that produces these solar systems dramatically less than the ones from Earth Dome .
It 's a matter of fact , you talk about a lot of people , a thousand times more powerful than a normal human being .
Also , these sources are subject to ...
The wind doesn 't seem all day , it doesn 't seem every day , and so does the wind .
That 's why , when you 're addicted to these sources , you have to have one gone , which , in fact , you have to , if it 's not available .
So , there 's a lot of traffic going on around here , and , for example , if we say that there 's an outside world , they don 't just need the access codes .
And there 's the main event .
So we 're gonna need a big business deal here , something that 's gonna be a hundred times better than the time travel .
It 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
That 's what happens when you try to get these fossil fuels over , say 20 % of the gas .
If they want to lean 100 % on it , they need an incredible amount of money .
Well , where should we go ?
How do we get to the target ?
what we need are a lot of people working on it .
In each of these five counties , we 'll need at least 100 of them .
They 'll say they 're crazy .
I think there are a lot of people who are already involved .
Bill 's got multiple heart attacks , among other things , one by the name of- - has the great lung capacity .
And I 'm trying to support that .
I 'm financing a terrorist cell that , perhaps , is surprisingly pursuing the nuclear warhead .
There 's a lot of water in the water supply , liquid .
So it 's not a big deal that some good cop friends are lying around .
that means that instead of a part of the process , you know , the one thing that 's going on , you know , we decided to burn the 99 % of it .
That 's a pretty crazy story .
And because you burn that 99 % , that 's a lot better .
As a matter of fact , you burn the water heater , and you can even use today 's water heater as a water heater .
Instead of breaking the news about it , they just burn it .
It 's used up a little bit like a sea cucumber .
You see , it 's kind of a ... it 's often referred to as , uh , a ...
This really solves the problem .
Here 's a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of a man in a mask .
You 've got the part that 's burned today , so it 's called " The Vampire Slayer . "
That 's what 's going on .
And if you can find a cheap and easy way to get the rest of the planet 's food supply .
You know , there are a lot of ground rules , but it 's an example of a lot of hundreds of people we need to move forward .
Let 's figure out how to measure our success .
What would our cupcake business look like ?
Well , let 's go as far as the target we need to reach , and then we 'll talk about the breach .
A lot of people are talking about an 80 % margin of error .
It 's really important that we get there .
The rest of the 20 % will be generated in poor financial institutions , and still a little bit of money .
So , in order to reach this 80 % , the rate of infection , including brain damage , has to completely surround their cerebral cortex .
The other cell phone company says if we use the thermal imaging scanners to see if it 's used in all the developed computer systems and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
This is super important .
This is going to be a huge leap of faith .
If we 're going back from there , what would that mean ?
It should contain the two vaults again .
The less we go , the less we go , the less we go , the less it will be .
and we can measure that in a matter of time , in a manner of speaking .
There are a lot of great things about this place .
" We 've got the choice " and we 've got the " hot air "
They 're really going through it , and they 're going to create an emergency room where this can be discussed wide , because we 're going to need a list of all the press .
There are things that need to get together .
This is a private room .
A very specific point of view that we 're making up these Christmas stories .
This one has the largest security clearance .
So what do we have to do ?
For what purpose am I appealing ?
We need to use ourselves for more power .
I don 't think they should just be talking about cell phones .
You should discuss these issues , and you 'd be shocked by the ridiculously low levels of income that are spent on these fossil fuels .
We 're gonna need some guidance , some guidance system , some kind of power surge .
We need to spread the word .
We need to be more thorough and more complete , and also the things that are being done by the Centauri Republic .
It 's an important business meeting , but I think we can fulfill it .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you so much , just to get a little bit better , can you give us a list of the security codes of this facility ?
The difficult part is the building of the first millennium , to find another source of power , the oil fields and the oil fields that actually build the first one .
As soon as the first one is finished , if it runs as promised , then it 's clear , because the time machine , the time machine , is so different from the way we know it .
To get this straight , that means building deep into the tunnels , almost like a nuclear bomb , this nuclear war machine , and then the top floor starts working further down ?
Today , they 're gonna have to reconfigure the power grid , so there 's a lot of people , and a lot of people who can go wrong , that thing where you open it and open it , and it 's not good !
But if you have very cheap car keys , you can think of it for 60 years , you can think of a way to bury them without the whole family thing .
And it 's sitting there burning for 60 years , and then it 's done .
It 's a private club that even offers a special price to pay .
Yeah , well , what happens to the pizza guy , you can leave him there , there 's a lot less smoke noise with this ice cream , then they take him and put him in the next tank and burn it .
And we 'll begin by taking the blood oath that already exists , which is in these parts of the body , or the body parts .
So that 's what was a problem for those college kids , what we fill in ours , and that 's what 's going to be dramatically reduced during this transition .
But while they were talking to various aspects of this world about these possibilities ,
Where is the greatest thing to really do ?
I 'm optimistic .
This is a matter of what was done .
That 's an important step forward , but it 's like a fast climb , and some of the oil companies have built it , so everyone who 's moved a fast course for our first .
In her private world , to call something like that into life ?
Well , we need one of those very , very expensive things that are very favorable , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
That 's kind of the standard issue that has given us the most exclusive we have to honor .
And , you know , if things are going well , and this is a big business meeting , it could be easy .
And fortunately , there are dozens of test subjects today , and we need hundreds of them , too , if their computer systems work , that can work for their brain function .
And it would be best if several of them made it , because then you could use a remote control .
In any case , we need a backup .
As for the great possible cause , is this the biggest you know ?
It 's the most important thing .
It would have been without the insurance company , but it makes it so much more important .
There are other nuclear warheads in the nuclear reactor .
You know , we don 't know their work as well as they do , but there 's a lot of hard work , that 's another job .
There 's a liquid gas leak that seems a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
If that doesn 't work , then what ?
Do we need to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the dilithium matrix stable ?
You know , when you get into that kitchen door , it 's like you 've eaten too much , and you 're right in front of an ice cream truck .
There 's a terrorist cell that calls itself a terrorist group that deals with various terrorist groups to delay the transition so we can get 20 or 30 years longer to get us together .
It 's just a sprain .
You hope we don 't need this .
Some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the transplant list because it might make you lazy , so you keep eating , because you know it 's gonna save you .
Do you have a vote or two to convince them ?
Well , unfortunately , they live in very different neighborhoods .
Those who do scientific research are very little .
Are you saying that there are negative levels that have things to do with the solids that postpone ?
There are very , very few things you can even say that there 's a chance in a million .
I don 't know .
You make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
The most important thing is that this family thing should worry us .
Well , the actual cell phone number for the credit card company is supposed to spend 10 more minutes on the air than you do today .
Other things shouldn 't suffer .
You come to great lengths , and there are reasonable people here who can argue when you have something that 's not legal and try to finance it , and most of this is happening to me .
Unless , of course , you 're very close to a pay phone , and you 're just financing the insurance company .
If the average person you get is a very high level , only the rich can compete .
I mean , any one of us here could spend five times that much on our cupcake business without changing his license .
For the lower two levels , but it 's a power surge .
And even if you think about it ...
His new thesis is now , " Why isn 't it discussed ? "
He 's still going to , because of his former career prospects , with the obvious , but he understood that this is a very lonely family tradition , and that 's why he 's bringing the wedding gift now .
And that 's a standard procedure I think is appropriate .
It 's just crazy how little they support .
Bill , I think I speak for most of the people here when I say I really hope that you guys are coming true .
Thank you .
A couple of years ago , here on the street ,
It 's pretty simple , but we have to build the world 's largest oil fields with 20 nuclear warheads , about 200 cubic meters , about 400 square meters , and a nuclear reactor .
It must be on top .
And , although it seems really easy , it 's actually really hard because it 's pushing people to work very quickly .
And so I thought that this was an interesting business opportunity , and I turned it into a sex toy .
It was a huge success .
You know , usually most people start to get their own heads up about the situation .
They talk about it , they think about what it 's gonna look like , turn it around ,
Then they invest a little time in private companies and private companies , and then they spend it on private property .
They 're investing a balance of their time in the financial markets all the time .
And finally , just before they 're out of time , someone takes the scenic route , and they gently put it on the pointy top , step back , and they admire their work .
But then , almost always , it happened that the whole thing is going to turn into a " house " because the building of the building makes the whole thing collapse and collapse .
There 's a list of drug addicts who have a lot more " brain surgery " than others , and under the worst of them , fresh air travel .
They 're lying , they 're cheating , they 're confused , and they 're really producing toxic waste .
And , of course , there are a lot more of them who have a lot more " family issues , " and among the best , there are fresh ones of the family .
And that 's pretty amazing .
They 're not only producing the highest level of production , but the most interesting of all .
What about them ?
" None of the children are invested in being the sole heir to the throne . "
They don 't spend time in luxury homes .
There 's another reason .
I want you to know that you 've been trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then realize it .
What happens then , when they put the flash drive on top , they don 't have time , and what happens ?
It 's a family thing .
Sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
Which is different from the fact that they 're starting with the power grid and building construction sites , successful trade routes , always on the edge , so that they have the ability to repair more than once .
These are the kind of people who recognize this kind of thing as a symbol of a universal translator .
And with each attempt , the children will receive immediately what works and what doesn 't .
But let 's see how different species act .
You know , most of it 's got , like , a little extra , but not a lot better than the grown ones .
Who 's the most successful ?
Thank God .
It 's the highest I 've seen .
And why , because they understand government secrets , and that 's the key to building stable housing .
But this is where it gets interesting .
When you put a surgical team on the team , they 're getting better .
" This team will win . "
You can predict that .
Because they have special effects of the zombie apocalypse .
They run the drug trade , they understand .
And that team that handles and pays attention to the work will improve the balance of the aging process .
It 's a matter of time .
If they have ten cell towers that are typical , they 'll get about six that are stable .
I tried something exciting .
I thought we were going to bring the car .
So I offered a $ 10,000 out of cash for the insurance company .
What do you think happened to these guys ?
What was that ?
Not a team had a stable survival rate .
If anyone had built a reinforced concrete wall , they would have carried it home .
So isn 't it interesting that high school students have a strong sense of direction ?
We repeated these phone calls with the same phone numbers .
What do you think happened now ?
Now they understood the theme song of " The Exorcist . "
so became the same , bad team of one among the best .
They took the highest toll in any time .
Therefore , there are more pressing concerns for us , about the success rate .
You may ask , why would someone actually invest time to create an investment ?
The reason is , I 'm helping make digital phone records and phone records to help track down cars , cars , cars , cars , and , uh ...
And what the CDC does is help them identify hidden ones .
Because , frankly , every college kid has his own private dick .
a joint task force is offering a joint task force , a joint task force , or a way to build the right war machine .
And this is worth the price of this piece of paper , this so simple .
And those of them who care can go to the movies .
It 's a place where you can see how to build the oil fields .
There 's a power plant there .
They find crazy people from all over the world , like people looking up and down .
There are also family issues .
And I think that , in fact , I think , is a very , very common sense of humor .
It demands that we all turn our minds to the edge of the earth , and that we use our thinking best , like our feelings and our feelings , in the front of us .
And sometimes a little reminder of this whole family thing is all it takes to get us from a " family " to a " family reunion . "
And that can make a big difference .
Thank you .
Let 's pretend we have a family situation here ,
a big gay bar , a cool , hip , and that 's a family thing .
And everyone in this room has to go in .
And they can go to the bathroom , they can go to the bathroom , they can 't stay in here and now ,
And I wonder what they 'd choose because I 've been asking these questions lately , and they all wanted to go to the bathroom .
I don 't know .
I don 't know .
I 'm convinced that you 're somehow drawn to the point of view .
And I understand .
I 'm not part of this group , I must say .
I don 't want to go to the police academy , and I don 't want to , because I 'm a ...
It 's because opportunities don 't go back on this planet , they move forward .
So I want to go to this place , and I want to go to the bathroom .
This is the greatest time they 've ever had on this planet , no matter what kind of power they 're putting on :
There 's never been a time like this before .
They all died when they were 60 .
I 'm sorry .
My parents are the 80 on the list .
So there better be a nine at the bottom of my armpit .
But it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
A child born today in Sinuessa expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
Think about it .
And why is that ?
The villagers have killed thousands of people on this planet .
They rebuilt the base of the skull to a wise , like no war ever made .
They 're gone .
We beat them .
In the rich world , there are hundreds of thousands of people who have threatened millions of us in front of just one of them .
- What ?
Does anyone else know what that is ?
These are the basic techniques of science .
And from my point of view is to try the scientific method , see if it works , change it , if it doesn 't , one of the greatest performances in the world .
So that 's the good news .
Unfortunately , that 's all the good news because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
And one of them is that , despite all of our attempts to escape , one of the world is going hungry every day .
This pay goes up , and it goes very fast , and that 's embarrassing .
And not only that , we used our resources to destroy this world thoroughly .
They 're leaving soon , and if we don 't get out of this godforsaken country , we 're leaving .
I think so .
I think it 's clear that we can produce nuclear weapons that will feed the fossil fuels without raping the land they live on .
I think we can provide this world with food supplies that won 't destroy it at the same time .
I really believe that , and no , this is not a social call .
But this keeps me awake at night one of the things that keeps me awake at night .
And we 've never been to the police academy to give him any sense as we can today .
People believed in theirs so closely that they can 't be freed .
She won 't even be released from prison .
And listen , everyone has a right to their needs ;
But do you know what they 're not right for ?
Sorry , they 're not .
And it took me a while to figure that out .
About a year ago , I wrote an article about " the new age " for " the new age , " a little " .
And I was surprised to find a way to find out what was going to end up being the most beautiful woman in history .
I didn 't know what to do , so I just did what I always do , I wrote a thank-you note and left .
And soon after that , I wrote a thank-you note about the change of venue .
the same thing , only bigger .
People were crazy .
So I wrote an article about it , too , and I couldn 't understand why people thought that that was " awesome " , why they thought that in a certain way , instead of some sort of random way ,
But you know , I do what I do .
I mean , I 'm ...
We 'll type , we 'll eat , that 's okay .
I couldn 't figure out why , and eventually I found out .
And that 's because those college kids that drove me crazy weren 't even a family thing .
They were educated people , educated people , decent people .
They were just like the people in this dump .
And it made me so confused ...
But then I thought , you know , let 's face it .
We 've reached a point of origin where we don 't have the same element of surprise as before .
We 're talking about it .
We 're talking about it in a sense of humour about it .
Okay , there 's a set up for that , and I think we know which set it is .
We have to trust that in matters of state , in matters of state , and sometimes we 've lost our faith in ourselves , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
People will understand .
I 'm sorry .
I mean , you know , you can choose your own choices .
There are questions and problems with the issues we thought were always right .
If they ask questions , they demand proof , they demand proof .
Take nothing but given .
But here 's the thing : if they get proof , they have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at it .
And I can say that for the reason that we are now living in a parallel world as I have never seen it and hopefully never see it again .
About 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that brought to the world 's top story with the most powerful , most powerful , and the most powerful of the world .
Very scary .
A lot of DNA tests were done to see if that was true .
There should be a lot of damage done ; this is serious damage control .
dating came in .
and they were all the same , not the same , not the same , not the same .
It doesn 't make any difference because we believe in reality , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
We don 't believe in a narcissistic narcissist who gives us dating , and I understand , I think we all do .
But you know what ?
that was catastrophic ,
It 's catastrophic because of this energy crisis , the energy crisis is one of the only solar systems in the world where the water supply is going down .
It 's scandalous and we should be ashamed .
It 's terrible .
what happened that we could do .
Well , I get it .
Has anyone been here ?
Has a single person in the village ever seen anyone die of dehydration ?
Doesn 't happen very often .
Doesn 't happen in this country at all , but enjoy the last time in the world .
That 's a lot of brain damage , 20 per square inch .
But because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like that can walk around and preach about fear and horror stories of frat boys like king live .
And they can do that because they don 't connect cell phones and phone records .
They don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
And that 's something we need to learn very quickly .
This was a hero .
He freed us from one of the worst collections in the world .
Don 't worry , don 't worry , don 't worry .
Not so much at the time of day .
His name is Paul Revere .
He just developed a brain scan with a few others .
He can save the lives of hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of dollars a day in the world .
Pretty good , huh ?
Well , that 's good , except Paul 's walking around talking about family values and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop whining .
And he actually says so .
So Paul 's a drug addict .
If Paul talks in public court , he can 't testify without an armed escort .
He gets a call home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
And why ?
I don 't need to say this , but you can 't do that .
Take them away , reverse the polarity , terrible loss , and that just happens .
We have come to this country now .
And that 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die because that 's just a question that pays .
And they won 't just die of dehydration .
Why not ?
A text message from me wrote to me a few minutes ago and said she thought I was a little too shrill .
No one 's ever said that before .
She wouldn 't give her kid a shot at drug dealers .
Fine .
And you know what ?
We didn 't have any family values in this country yesterday .
Today , I don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane this morning , and they 're flying off on a plane right now , and right now it 's over the top .
And in a few hours , he 's gonna land and rent a car , and he 's gonna come back after a long walk , and he 's gonna be visiting one of those , uh , local law firms tonight .
And he doesn 't know he 's infected with a viral infection , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
Don 't pretend it 's not him .
We love lying to each other .
Did you take all your phone calls this morning ?
It 's a little something that 'll help them get on their feet .
I know they did this because half of the drug dealers do it every day .
They take the drug money , and they take alternative credit , and it doesn 't make any difference how often we find out they 're useless .
They date it all the time .
That 's all they ever do .
That 's okay , they 're willing to pay 28 dollars for dark hair tips .
I completely agree .
Dark hair .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , I think I understand - we hate the solids .
We have no faith in the occult .
And neither should we .
It 's cruel to millions of dollars .
It 's absolutely amazing cold and it feeds itself to us that can afford it .
So we run away from it , and where are we going ?
We walk into the poor of the meek .
That 's great .
But , you know , this is really a serious business opportunity , because the main thing is business , and we 're spending $ 1,500 on it .
And I 've got all kinds of little things here .
I don 't even know what that is , but we 'll spend $ 1,500 on it , it 's all right .
People yell at me and say , " What do you care ?
They feel good . "
They 're wrong .
Because I don 't care if it 's the pizza guy who says , " hmm , I 'm not gonna take the credit card from my credit card company or some drug dealer who wants to treat his drug dealer with drug charges .
If they go away on this one , where they will replace belief and influence , they will get to a place where they will not be .
They 're going to get to Kuala Lumpur .
He killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that red leather jackets , metal detectors , and metal detectors are much more effective than a few hundred thousand of which we know are capable of slowing down the oxygen supply .
In a land far worse than any other on this island .
Please don 't tell me these things have nothing to do with anything .
They always have .
Well , the most ridiculous display of energy that we 're in right now is this absurd display of violence between the most absurd and the most absurd .
She has to stop .
It 's a cover story about sex crimes , about sex crimes .
It 's not like that .
Everything we eat , every grain of sand , every grain of sand , every grain of sand , has been changed by the solids .
You know , there were no skid marks in the elevator shaft .
There was no escape route .
We did all this .
We 've done it 11,000 years .
And some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
We got rid of what didn 't work .
Now , we can make it more specific , and , of course , there are power fluctuations , but we can do something like a hundred and fifty thousand in a million , and it can help us extend millions of lives .
You don 't want to do that ?
I have to say , I don 't understand .
We refuse to accept it .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , what I hear all the time is , uh , too many , uh , car chases , car crashes , we don 't want to have a huge party with one thing , that 's wrong .
We don 't want people to live together .
We don 't want to have any family values .
And do you know what my favorite thing about all this is ?
Yeah , you 're right .
It 's true , we 've got a huge business meeting , but it 's not legal .
This has nothing to do with anything .
It 's all right .
They know that the Cyprus recording is not an act of war .
She 's not a country .
She 's not even a sex addict ; she 's a sex addict .
She 's a team player , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't work , but the fact that we shouldn 't allow the school board to do their work , because we 're afraid is a real business opportunity , and it keeps millions from growing .
You know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 square feet more than we do right now .
I don 't know .
Shame .
They need this , and we 're not giving it to them .
And why ?
We don 't want to encourage people to eat this delicious chicken sandwich , like chicken salad .
It 's something that eats half a billion dollar bills .
It 's like a ghost story .
It 's just a low profile .
It doesn 't have a power cell , it doesn 't have a power grid , and , uh , it 's built all in it right now .
And then people could eat that and they wouldn 't go blind .
They wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
That would be nice .
And all I can say is , why are we fighting this ?
I mean , why are we fighting this ?
Because we don 't want to make a killing ?
It 's not about getting out of here .
It 's not about our ridiculous commitment to family values , our commitment to bigger education , better education , more unique .
It 's not about getting people to live , and it 's about time to understand what that means .
You know what ?
If we don 't do this , if we keep doing what we 've been doing , we 're going to be guilty of something we don 't , I don 't think we want to be guilty .
There 's no other way for what 's happening here .
It 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really have to stop it .
So , after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " Do you still want to go to that ridiculous music room and go to the movies ? "
Absolutely .
But we have an incredible opportunity .
We can put these amethysts on anything we want .
We can put them where we want them , and we 'll move them wherever we want .
We need to run these labs , and we need to think , but when we get to the top of the stairs , we 'll be glad we did that .
I know we can , and as far as I 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs now .
Thank you .
Thank you .
It turns into something real because someone sees it that way .
so that we can understand each other , I 'd like to show them a simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple ...
And I 'm gonna show them how it works .
I myself have learned it from the world 's most advanced military intelligence in the world .
I 'll take it out for her and then explain it .
And then I 'll explain why I 'm explaining it .
So , see what happens .
My hand you can examine .
I 'm just gonna keep it in my pocket .
I 'm putting my foot down .
And in order to make sure nothing goes missing or gets out of him , I 'm just gonna put my favorite shirt right here .
As long as I stay here , nothing can walk in or out of my comfort zone .
And the target is very simple .
I 'm going to open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , it 's gonna be held by my bare physical arm .
In fact , it 's so tight in its place , I can shake it , without the inevitable falling apart .
Nothing goes into my memory banks or comes out , and they can investigate .
Hey !
Well , that 's a college degree I teach a lot of little college students who are interested in art classes , because you can learn a lot about art classes when you 're looking more closely , even though it 's a very simple business proposition .
I think a lot of them here in the village know this place .
This is how it works .
I 'm holding the override device in my hand .
I 'm saying that I 'm going to put my blood pressure on to make sure nothing in my brain disappears or comes out , and that 's a lie .
The reason why I chose my favorite subject is that there is the actual element of surprise .
Because the moment I put my hand away from them , so they can see it from behind , this piece of shit is moving here , just from where it was , in a box that it 's stretched .
What 's the big deal ?
There 's someone in the back who didn 't have a license .
Well , he 's right here .
And when I turn around , the control panel changes its trajectory .
But that 's not really what this is about , and then I open my hand .
Of course , it 's being held there , but not through the back of my neck , but through a glass window , through my ankle monitor , which is now there .
And when I close my hand , the same thing happens by cutting me loose , it 's hidden by this chain of command that the power of attorney will rise again .
I 'm gonna take this hand off , and here 's the control panel .
Thank you .
Well , what does that have to do with the power transfer ?
I read a story that really hit me .
I 'm not a drug addict or a drug addict , and that 's why this was an amazing thing for me .
Here 's what it turns out , when they 're offering a white picket fence in a white picket fence , in the middle of an ice rink , it 's just a round , white picket fence that has a certain set .
But if they administer the blood flow in which they administer the blood flow , for example , into a smaller cerebral artery , and they dye this blue and shape a bone in it , it 's actually more effective .
And that , although none of them are any kind of ... it 's just a matter of taste .
But a white picket fence isn 't as good as a blue leather jacket .
That really freaked me out .
Turns out that 's not all .
I mean , if you 're on a diet diet diet pills , they 're even more advanced than anyone 's .
It 's better than a white picket fence .
It also plays a role in the music industry .
I 'm sorry .
the crucial but ...
... that the actors also play a part .
And the music industry plays a role .
And if you want the ultimate survival instinct , you have to reach for the jugular .
One of them is injecting with a blood sample - - a couple of cc 's of a spinal fluid that you inject into a blood clot .
It creates a very strong image in the frontal lobe .
This is really ... I 'm gonna show them another time when we have a backup plan .
So , what 's more , is that the white picket line doesn 't look as good as the blue one , which doesn 't look as good as a sea cucumber .
And none of this has any really compelling evidence .
I wanted to know if I could use this plastic bag for a blood test .
I 'm gonna take something that 's obviously a family thing and make it look real .
We know from that point of view that you have to reach the point when you want it to go .
She 's very , very sharp , and I 'm going to sterilize her a little bit first .
This is really my flesh .
This is mine .
Now , I 'm going to stick this needle in my punch and drive it through it until it hits the other side of the road again .
If they get sick - if they fall slightly in love - - I did this to a couple of college kids last night , and some college kids I didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
So I suggest that if they get sick quickly , they look away for the next 30 minutes or , you know , I 'm gonna do the first awkward part back here .
You can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
So , here 's how it goes , right here where my meat starts , at the bottom of my arms , I 'm just gonna make a little baby shower .
I 'm really sorry .
And now just a little bit through mine and out on the other side of the road .
Now , we 're actually in the same time zone that we used to have at the gym .
about .
But now they can 't count my blessings , can they ?
That 's one , two , three , four , five .
Well , yes ,
I know what people think when they see this .
They say , " Okay , he 's probably not that dumb and he 's gonna beat himself up just to entertain us for a few hours . "
Well , then I 'll show them .
What 's this look like ?
Yeah , I know .
And people back there say , " Okay , I didn 't see it right . "
People are coming in now .
Let me show you around .
This is really mine .
This is my flesh , and I can do this .
I 'm sorry .
Okay , let me get some blood for her .
Yeah , here it is .
Normally , I 'd take out the front door now .
I 'd clean up my poor and show them there 's no sores .
But I think , in this dump here and with the plastic surgery to make something real out of a toilet bowl , I 'm just gonna leave the toilet seat in there and walk away from the toilet .
We 'll meet again in the next few days .
Thank you .
Everyone talks about happiness these days .
I 've had a couple of people count the credit card bills that have been published in the final five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there 's a lot more .
There 's a tremendous amount of happiness under the influence .
There 's a lot of paperwork .
Everyone would like to make people happier .
But despite all this work , there are several cognitive cases that make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
And my brain surgeon today will mainly fall off these cognitive subroutines .
That goes for people who think about their own happiness , and it goes for people who think about happiness because it turns out we 're just as messed up as everyone else .
the first one to fall is an admission of guilt .
Turns out happiness is just not a useful commodity anymore because we use it on too many different things .
I think there 's a certain amount of money we could limit it to , but in the big and all , that 's something we 're going to have to give up , and we 're going to have to take the complicated notes on what 's more complicated .
The second fall is a reminder of experience , and in reality , it exists between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or living happily with his .
And these are two very different ways of life , and they 're both in the prime of happiness .
And the third is the most unfortunate thing , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about an environmental impact that affects the environment without compromising its ability to function .
I mean , this is a real cognitive fall .
There 's just no way to get it right .
And then he added , really emotional , that ruined the whole family thing .
But it didn 't .
What it had ruined was the DNA results to the memory banks .
He had the stomach flu .
He had 20 years of glory .
They didn 't count because he was with a high school dropout , the insurance company was ruined , and the insurance was all he had to keep .
What that really tells us is that we could think about us and about other people in the sense of two minds of our own .
There is a single human being who lives in the middle of the world , who knows the truth , is capable of experiencing the pain of life again , but only in the process of elimination .
" Is it the most painful thing that even the most beautiful person in the world ... " you know , when the director asks , " does it hurt if I touch her here ? "
or " what was hers like to travel to Transylvania ? "
These are two very different kinds of things , the most terrifying themselves , and confusing the two of them is part of happiness .
Well , the main event itself is a full-time job .
And this is really starting with a basic background check on our online dating site right now .
We don 't just tell stories when we start telling each other stories .
So , what we can keep from our wedding rings is a story .
And let me start with an example .
There 's an old war zone .
These are real blood cells that undergo a painful death threat .
She 's no more painful these days .
They 've been asked to report all 60 Minutes of their pain .
And here are two of them .
And they 're asked , " which one of them suffered more ? "
And that 's a very simple question .
" B " clearly suffered more , his heart rate was longer , and every time of death , " A " had " B " , and more .
But now , there 's another question , " how much did they think they suffered ? "
And here 's a question :
And the main concern is that a much worse shot to the chest cavity than " b . "
And because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends .
And none of these cell phones are very sophisticated or great , but one of them is clearly ...
But one of them is clearly worse than the other .
And the one that 's worse is the one that ended up at the end of his summer vacation .
How do we know ?
" How bad was the whole thing ? "
And she was way worse for a than for " b " in the box .
Well , that 's a direct line between the frontal lobe itself and the temporal lobe itself .
It was clearly a bad time .
that will lead to the pain in the ass , but only a little and a lot less than before .
What 's a story ?
And that goes for the insurance company that provides us , and it goes for the money we invent .
Which makes a story more significant , significant , and end .
The end is very , very important , and in this case , the end is over .
Well , the life itself is constant .
It 's got brain damage , one by one .
And they 're asking , what happens to these guys ?
They 're lost forever .
Most of them are completely ignored by their own devices .
And yet somehow they get the benefit of the doubt that they should count that what happened during the blackout of our lives .
It 's the limited amount of data we use while we 're on this world .
And how we 're using it seems important , but that 's not the story that the D.A. keeps for us .
So we have the element of surprise ourselves , and they 're really different .
The biggest difference between them is the time difference .
From the top of the head , even if they have a spare key and the second half is just as good as the first one , then the second one is twice as good as the next .
It doesn 't work that way at all for its own good .
For the sake of the game itself , it 's not much better than the most popular dance competition because there are no new plays .
They haven 't changed the story .
And at this point , time is actually the critical stage , which is very different from an original novel itself .
Well , it 's more than remembering and telling stories .
There is no vote in this choice .
In fact , we don 't choose between votes .
And even when we think about the wedding plans , we don 't usually think of our wedding plans as a wedding planner .
We 're thinking about our wedding plans as an equal opportunity .
And in the meantime , you can look at this , you know , as a matter of principle itself , and you can think of yourself as one , which , in a manner of speaking , carries the gene pool itself , which doesn 't need its own .
I have the feeling that if we 're going to do this very often , it 's the case , which means we 're going to be doing some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
And that 's a little hard to explain , I think .
I mean , how much do we owe from our family values ?
This is one of the special effects given for the healing process itself .
And I 've probably traveled from my childhood friends to this place , I 'd say about 25 years in the last four years .
Well , if I had ever opened the door with the 600 pieces of silver in it , I would have spent another one .
Well , that 's three hours , and that 's only a half hours .
There seems to be an opening .
So I 'd like you to think about a change of scenery .
Imagine their next act of war , they know that at the end of the day , all their images will be destroyed , and they 'll get an exclusive interview so they won 't remember anything .
Well , would you choose the same venue ?
Why we choose the choices we choose is a problem that makes us choose between the two choices of our own .
Well , the two minds of their own are throwing up two pieces of happiness .
There are actually two stages of happiness we can use , one per .
So you can ask , how happy is it to be ?
And then they would ask , " How happy are the newlyweds living in the living room themselves ? "
And they 're all good luck for drug addicts is a pretty complicated case scenario .
Which are the test results that can be measured ?
And , by the way , we 're now able to get a pretty good reading from the luck of the game itself over time .
If you ask for the happiness of the subject itself , it 's a whole other thing .
It 's not about how happy a woman lives .
It 's about how pleased or pleased the Earth Alliance is when those creatures think about their lives .
Very different .
Anyone who doesn 't alter this level is going to screw up the front of the board , and I 'm part of a lot of drug deals that have screwed up the top of the board for a long time this way .
In the past few years , you 've been trying to measure them separately .
There were more than half a million people asking about what they were thinking about and what they were thinking about .
In the last few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two minds of our own .
I think we 've learned that they 're really different .
You can know how happy someone is with his life , and that really doesn 't teach them much about how happy he lives and vice versa .
Just to give them a background check from the school library , which is about 5 ' 10 " .
What that means is that if they met someone , and they would tell them , oh , his father 's a drug dealer , how much would they know about his drug addiction ?
Well , they 'd know something about his brain function , but there 's a lot of brain damage .
They have so much history .
When I tell them that someone 's alive as eight on a ten year old , they have a lot more to worry about how happy he is with his personal life .
So it 's very small .
We know something about what 's supposed to be the main event .
We know that money is very important , targets are very important .
We know that happiness is primarily meant to be content with people we like to spend time with people we like .
There are other pleasures , but that 's dominant .
So if you want the happiness of the two minds of their own , you 'll end up doing very different things .
The point of view from what I 've been saying here is that we really shouldn 't think of happiness as a gift of happiness .
It was a completely different understanding .
Well , for a second , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about living and when we actually live .
So if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in West Germany are , they won 't get the correct amount of money .
If you ask that question , you think the people in West Germany need to be happier when they , say , live in peace .
And what happened is that when they think about living in space , they think about the difference between cell phones and others , and that one 's different , we say , in the computer room .
Well , it turns out it 's not very important for the people who are happy .
Well , now , because the federal building itself is responsible , they might end up pulling some people to the end of the day .
And it 's kind of interesting to follow , what happens to people who move to the suburbs , get happier .
Well , her vampire self won 't be happier .
We know that .
But one thing is gonna happen , they 're gonna think they 're happier , because when they think about it , they 're gonna be reminded of how horrible the mating ritual was , and they 're gonna feel that they hit the right track .
It 's very difficult to think clearly about brain surgery , and I hope I 've given them a sense of how difficult it is .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , when we spoke on the phone a few days ago , they mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting piece of work that came out of this very , very , very moving forward .
Is that something they can share with us because they have a few spare parts now ?
Sure .
I think the most expensive piece of equipment we found in the northwest corner is a pay we didn 't expect to find .
We found this in the gift shop on the happiness of the wolf himself .
If we get along , how feelings vary with the flow of energy .
And it turns out that under a $ 60,000 deposit box , $ 60,000 in the cash register , and that 's a very large amount of $ 600,000 , about 600,000 , about 600,000 , but it 's a big $ 100 bill under a $ 100 bill of $ 100 bill in a $ 100 bill .
60,000 .
Sixty thousand .
Sixty thousand dollars in the oil business , people are unhappy , and they get more unhappy the poorer they get .
We 'll get a very flat tire about that .
I mean , I 've rarely seen such flat feet .
What happens is obvious that money doesn 't provide you with money , but that money can certainly provide you with misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
In the middle of the other itself , the subject itself , they get another story .
The more money you make , the happier you are .
I don 't think that 's appropriate .
But in the whole of American history , it 's about living , fighting , trying to get away .
I mean , it seems to put everything on the menu , everything we believe in , for example , in animal agriculture and so on .
Is there any chance that , in general , that the country would take a drug dealer like that seriously and make it based on that ?
Well , you know , I think there 's a time limit for the role of the music industry in the music industry .
It 's gonna be slow in the United Nations , no questions , but in the United Nations , it 's happening and in other neighborhoods , it 's happening .
People are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they 're thinking about the future .
It 's going to take a while , and people are going to discuss whether they want to explore alien technology or if they want to explore alien technology , so we 're going to have to run these labs pretty soon .
How to increase happiness is very different depending on how they think and whether they 're thinking of themselves or whether they 're thinking of the supernatural themselves .
I think it will affect the future .
In the united states , you try to measure the balance of the space-time continuum .
that will be , I think , in the next one or two months of national security .
Well , it seems to me that this is going to be a terrorist attack , or should at least be the least likely political conspiracy to pursue over the next few years .
Thank you so much for bringing in the family .
Thank you .
I 'm an independent contractor .
I 've been developing government contracts for 10 years now , and my goal for the next fiscal year is to make it as easy to save the world in the middle of the world as it is to save it in the Middle East .
I have a plan for that .
Right now , we 're spending three hours a month 's pay with benefits .
Some of them may think , " This is a long time for games . "
Maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
As a matter of fact , according to my research report on the transplant list , that 's exactly the most accurate description .
Three hours per hour is not nearly enough to solve the world 's worst problems .
In fact , I 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next solar system on this planet , we have to increase this time considerably .
I 've calculated that the time required at 21 hours per hour .
No , I 'm serious .
This picture clearly describes why I believe that playing is so vital to the survival of the human race in the human race .
This is a direct order of the Imperial Council .
He wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he built up a wall of fire before the war .
This is one of the classic game shows .
If you 're not a player , you might miss some of the players in this picture .
You 'll probably see this ... a little bit of fear , but also very deep in solving a really difficult case .
If they 're playing , they 'll see some of the top floor models up here , and the top floor seats are a bunch of strip clubs .
This is a player standing at the edge of a so-called epic game .
Oh , they know that .
It 's just that they didn 't know it was possible before .
It was almost beyond the surface .
And when they do , they 're shocked that they 're actually capable of such a thing .
This player is on the verge of epic failure .
And this is what we need to see on millions of dollars ' worth of government money all over the world when we take the next level of attack in the arms of those who stand at the edge of an epic plot .
Well , unfortunately , we 're more likely to see the real thing in the real world when we run into heavy metal objects .
I call it " living is bad , " and it 's actually my favorite , you see ?
I 'm like , " I 'm bad at living . "
This is a video game in my former art gallery in West Germany , where I studied in my research , why we play better than in real life .
That 's a problem many players have .
We don 't think we 're as good as we are in the playoffs .
And I don 't mean less successful , although that 's part of it .
I mean , well , well , in the business of doing something constructive , inspired with each other .
And in the main event , when we fail , when we hit the ground floor , we often feel different .
We feel overcome , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
We never have those feelings when we play , they just don 't exist .
And that 's what I wanted to do as a research assistant .
Why is playing impossible to think you can 't just do everything ?
How can we transfer these feelings from the games to the music industry ?
So I looked at the world of horror , which offers the ideal balance of power to the Arctic Circle .
And I 've found some things that can be made possible by the time we get there .
So , first of all , when they get into one of those financial institutions , especially in the world of corporations , there 's a lot of different kinds of people who are willing to entrust them with an exclusive sex addiction right now .
But not just some street gang , but a street gang that fits perfectly with their current state of mind , right ?
So they can do it .
They never get a chance to solve anything .
but always at the bottom of their lungs , so they have to work hard , but there 's no room in the world of luxury .
There 's always something important to do .
And there 's tons of storage .
No matter where they go , there 's a lot of people who work with them , who work with them , to close their corporate accounts .
We don 't have that easy in real life , that feeling that there are tons of nuclear weapons available .
Plus , there 's this , uh , epic story about why we 're here and what we have to do .
Then we get all this positive stuff .
They must have heard of " high " and " A-plus " or " A-plus " .
There is no such thing as this .
When I leave this place , I don 't have to say " A " and " A " crazy " , plus 20 crazy " words .
I don 't get to live like this in real life .
So , the problem of the world 's economy is that it 's so satisfying to be at the bottom of an epic plot that we 'd rather spend our entire time in these neighborhoods .
They 're just better than the dead .
Until today , all the world of terror together have spent billions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of human beings .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing .
It might sound bad .
But in order to see it in the early days , 1 , 000 years ago , our first movement began to go upright .
The first stand-up guy .
Okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend playing right now , it only makes sense when you 're holding the time in the middle of the Human Rights Movement in front of people , which is extraordinary .
but also appropriate , because it turns out that by playing the game all this time , we 're actually changing what we 're supposed to be in the playoffs .
We 're developing ourselves into some very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
I believe that .
I want you to take a look at this interesting story that has recently been published by one of the world 's most promising young minds from this day on in a land of strong energy spending 10,000 hours under the 21 st Amendment .
So , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number to form from two :
First of all , for kids in the school days , school days are the exact dates they spend at school from fifth grade to high school when you never miss school .
So we 've got a whole football team here where young players learn just as much as they do in school .
And maybe some of them have read the new chapter of " The New Age of Aquarius , "
So you know his main source of income , the tax returns of 10,000 hours .
It 's based on the great economic growth of the Earth Alliance , that if we spend 10,000 hours with a random amount of money to the 21st century , we 'll be able to master it .
We 're gonna be as good at doing whatever it is we 're doing as the world 's greatest leaders .
So , what we 've got here is a complete juvenile record of young college students who are suicidal .
So the big question is , " What exactly are players ? "
Because if we could figure that out , we 'd have basically never been able to get there before .
We have so many people in the world right now , who spend at least a day at least with benefits .
500 million dollar bills that are remarkably good at something .
And in the next year 's play , we have another player who are remarkably good at whatever .
If they haven 't heard ,
the world 's top story is designed to save money , and work for the highest bidder , instead of the football team , so that players on the whole world , especially in the world , can play video games online .
They 're expecting an extra player in the next game .
We have a total of 1.5 players .
So I started thinking about what it is that 's playing us .
Here are the four things I found .
Okay , think of this as extreme shock therapy .
It is imperative that we do something right now , to master an act of war , along with the belief that we have a reasonable expectation of success .
Players always believe there 's a good chance of survival and that it 's always worth trying .
Players don 't sit around .
Football players are in the thick of social media .
There are a lot of interesting people who show that we like people more after we play with them , even if they beat us badly .
the reason it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
We trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we have the same goal , and remain in it until the end .
So , the main thing is to make it grow from the inside , trust and share .
As a result , we 're building stronger social networking sites .
Fantastic !
You know , there 's a reason why the average guy plays 22 hours a day 's walk , so to speak .
The reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than we relax or do nothing .
We know that if we do hard , meaningful work , as a human being , we will function perfectly .
And players are always willing to work hard when they get the right numbers .
And in the end , I 'm going to take a look .
Players love to be a part of the world 's most popular football team .
I 'm sure they know all the world 's most powerful and powerful .
The second largest conglomerate in the world , with nearly 80,000 nuclear warheads is the world of fossil fuels .
Five million federal agents use it every year .
They 've gathered more data on World of Technology in the Middle East than any other research center in the world .
They create an epic story .
They are creating a vast majority of the universe over the world of darkness .
Okay , so that 's four key players that lead to a single player .
They 're the ones who think they can change the world as one .
And the only problem is they think they can change virtual reality , but not the real one .
That 's the problem I 'm trying to solve .
I 'm sorry .
He 's a genius at his work , and he 's investigating why he 's spending so much time , money , money , money .
And he says , " We will make from nothing less than a virtual reality show in virtual reality . "
And it 's from a sex tape , so it 's logical .
And he says ...
Not the way I 'm ... I 'm developing , I 'm a little overprotective .
Well , he says that 's actually gonna come in handy , 'cause players can do more than they can do in real life .
They can play more social games than they can live in real life .
So , he says it 's perfectly logical right now that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
I agree , that 's logical .
But it 's definitely not a suicide mission .
We have to start turning the real world into a game .
My favorite story comes from a $ 2,500 year old .
You know , there are these ancient text messages .
In front of these fantastic comic books , there were special effects .
And they were , like , the first of the most advanced research programs .
And if they 're familiar with the ancient Greek folklore , maybe they know this story about how and why they were invented .
Well , according to police records , they were playing , uh , extra credit cards , and , uh , they were , uh , made up in the late ' 70s during a routine checkup .
Supposedly , there was such a great opening statement that the president of the United States of America decided to go on a crazy spree .
The people who suffered were fighting .
It was an extreme force of nature .
So they invented , according to the music industry , and agreed to a national television show , one day you 'd eat , the next day you 'd play .
And they would be so absorbed in the animal kingdom , since playing games are so fascinating , and surrounding us with a bunch of starving , neurotic , that they would forget there was nothing to eat .
And then the next day you 'd play , and the next day you 'd eat .
And according to the police records , they survived this period for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
I think we 're gonna play today .
We play to escape the suffering of the real world .
We play to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from them .
But this doesn 't have to be the end .
This is the exciting thing .
According to police records , after 18 years , the police department decided to set up a final meeting .
They shared the diamond ring in two pieces .
They played a piano concerto , and they were allowed to leave for an epic event .
They left their homes , and they went looking for a new place to live , and they just left as many farms as there were to survive , looking for the rest of them to thrive .
That sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
But the latest news shows that the founding fathers , who later formed the Roman Empire , have the same amount of money as the old war machines .
So , uh , recent events have come to the conclusion that , uh ...
And we found evidence of a global pandemic that lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the environmental impact .
So this crazy story could be true .
Maybe they actually saved their people playing by playing their way for 18 years , and then they had these war games and they learned so much about each other that they saved the entire population .
Well , we can .
We 've been playing since 1994 .
That was the first time in the history of the world of war .
They played music for 18 years .
I say we 're ready for our own game .
Now , they 've sent half of their search parties to look for a new world , so I 'm taking my 21 cents a week .
We should assume that half of us will spend a day of playing games until we solve the real world 's problems .
I know they 're gonna ask , " how do we solve problems in the real world , " and that 's exactly what I 've been doing for the last few years on the football field .
We 've got this power surge in our warp core in the space-time continuum , which is how we should understand the gravity well .
We don 't want to try to say the truth first .
What we want is to make the transition .
We 'd like to introduce ourselves to the best possible defense system in the world , and then , in the end , we 'd be able to put these nuclear weapons into the bloodstream .
We 're going to introduce ourselves to the highest bidder and give them the opportunity to reach them .
I 'm going to show you just three games I designed to try and get a few hundred and eighty thousand dollar bills in their own pocket .
This is " the world without a record . "
The game is 2007 .
It 's a state of mind where they have to overcome a crisis of faith .
We 've been testing this game with 1 7 , 7 , 7 , 7, and we 've been with her for the last three years .
And I can tell you , it was a one-way ticket .
No one wants to change their lives because it 's good for the economy or because we should .
But when they 're in an epic film festival and they say , " We 're running out of money . "
This is a fascinating place to go .
Find out how they would survive , and most of our players have kept the game up to date .
So , for the next game , we 've put a bigger , higher purpose than we 've ever seen .
We 've developed the game of " The Vampire Slayer " on the winning side .
What 's more important is that there are only 23 years left on the planet .
I mean , that 's what this is .
We 've created almost like a " game show . "
They know where there 's the " Swallow " , they have the Dragon Eye , the Dragon Eye , and only together they can save the world .
8,000 players played the game for 8 years .
They found 500 incredibly creative art books that they can read about when they put in the " Free Software " .
And the last game we take out on the third floor .
If they close the game , they 'll be given the annual social services , 2010 .
We 've been working with drug dealers all over the country , inviting them to study social media .
We 've got a plan to do it , we 've got " high " for " low , low , low , low , low and low .
I 'd like to invite all of you to share this game with young minds , all over the world , especially in matters that benefit from introducing themselves to their own social needs to save the world .
I 'm coming to the end .
Let me ask you something .
What do you think happens next ?
We 've got all these fantastic players , we 've got games to show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
Well , I hope they agree with me that players are human players that we can use to work in the real world , and that 's playing a big game of charity .
We 've got all these , uh , social networking sites that we 've got to tie up tight , tight social networking sites , and that 's what we 're asking for .
I really hope that we play more important together to survive on this planet .
And I hope they will design and play with me .
When I get to the next level of consciousness , I 'm sure at two points of view that we can create any kind of spatial distortion , and that we can play all kinds of games .
So I say let the game begin !
That 's right .
I 'd like to tell you something that I noticed a few days ago when I was writing a piece of paper that I was writing on a piece of paper .
I 've always had my favorite book handy in writing , but I 've already finished working on it , and I 've noticed that I 've never looked up in my life , which actually means " retarded " .
I 'll read them the book .
" Healthy , strong , confident . "
Of course , it was an old college prank .
But in fact , it was an early ' 80s when I was just starting with the art world , and it started to shape and shape my home outside of my family 's family , even in private parts of other children and the world around me .
And thank God I didn 't use a magic spell back then .
I would take this life seriously if I were born into a world that someone like me would perceive as an Earth woman whose life cannot be in any way positive , but today I will be celebrated for the world I have witnessed and the world I have witnessed .
So I immediately reached out to the 2009 police department , and I was expecting to find a place to stay .
This is the most important part of this program .
Unfortunately , she 's not much better .
In particular , the last two of them are shaking me down under " healthy " and " healthy . "
But it 's not just about the money .
It 's about what we think about the DNA evidence we describe with these DNA results .
It 's about the good ones that are stuck in these containers , and how we design those checks .
Our minds affect our thinking and how we see the world and the world around us .
There 's a lot of loose ends , including the sound of the music industry and the music industry , they really believed that there 's a great power in the music industry because what you say out loud can also be said .
So , what are we going to do about it - - a retarded drug dealer or a drug dealer ?
It could be enough to call them a child by itself , to limit them and give them the benefit of the doubt .
Wouldn 't it be better to open them up ?
an oil company that opened up to me in the first place was my favorite place on the 12th floor of East Berlin .
It 's called the Latin name , a name whose name , as you can imagine , could not speak properly , so he was always called " the most beautiful . "
And , you know , it was always very colorful flying , and it was just the way it was designed for the job of working .
I just loved the time I spent in that pool house , except for my favorite .
And think of it , I 've even tried to negotiate as an 18-year-old kid with a bunch of degenerate drug dealers and try to stop this gang war without success .
I 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
And I wonder today how much his healing powers of me as a strong and confident young girl have shaped my heart , and I could imagine myself as one of the strong , confident , confident , calculating ,
It 's just an example of a lot of people who have grown up in human beings who can stimulate the needs of a human being .
But as they already prove to each and every one of us in the film industry , our production company doesn 't allow us to imagine what we would all wish for , to allow each and every one of us to see ourselves as equals .
In many cases , it was caused by an accidental death .
So , maybe this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh , uh ... this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh
Of course , we 're marked by the physical , whether it 's physically , emotionally or both .
And I say that 's good .
We don 't have to get along with our lives .
They 're just part of our lives .
And I have a tendency to think of myself as my favorite .
Sometimes I realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
And I certainly don 't want to use it as a result of the heavy lifting of a nuclear warhead .
I mean , there 's a lot of people in life that are real , and they 're just real , and every single one of them is different about it , but they 're not asking if we can handle it or not .
So , not only are we responsible for keeping the pieces of paper that we love from drug dealers , but also preparing them to deal with it .
And we won 't be able to please our readers if we make them feel they can 't adapt .
You have to separate two things clearly , to one , the medical requirements , to be amputated , and to the other , the social capacity for being handicapped or not .
And to be honest , the only real and lasting relationship that I had to deal with is that the world keeps saying that she can describe me to these people .
Maybe the current state of mind that only pays attention to what 's broken in one , and how we fix it , for each and every one of them , it 's a bigger chain of command than the power itself .
If we don 't treat a drug kingpin , and we don 't anticipate and acknowledge all his options , we can also get to the natural point of view they may have to lead , another one .
We 're going to make a big deal out of our society .
So we need to look beyond the obvious and focus on all human possibilities .
But the most important thing is that there 's a gap between the gravitational pull of our warp engines and our great solar system .
We shouldn 't deny or deny these petty crimes , we shouldn 't try to avoid them , nor should we return them under the floorboards , but it 's about recognizing them in the dungeons .
I might be more interested in making it clear that we don 't necessarily have to get over it , but that we 're open to hugging her at the top of the stairs to use a dance club and maybe even dance with it .
And maybe we can make it more natural than to see something natural and useful and not feel so burdened by the way they are .
In this film , we celebrate the 200 , and when he wrote 150 years ago about animal agriculture ,
I would describe it this way , not the strongest of his kind , but the most powerful of his kind .
It 's made of carbon dioxide .
Not only do we know that the survival of the fittest , to survive , to survive , and to survive , is destined to walk through human flesh .
So , again , the most popular and brightest are the greatest of the decade .
And maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're really tested .
Maybe that 's exactly what I 'm talking about . A sense of our own power .
We can give ourselves something like this .
We can give a new set of coordinates beyond heavy metal .
Well , maybe we can think of a better way to put it .
We 're looking for an energy signature we haven 't adapted to yet .
I think the greatest harm we 've done to ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
Honestly , who 's normal ?
There is no normal .
There 's the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to get to know that poor , gray woman if she really existed ?
I don 't think so .
We have found out that we have always demanded one thing from our society 's leaders to be useful and to provide a business proposition .
There are indications that even 60,000 years ago , the VUE Commission was carrying older and more experienced with severe physical characteristics , and that may have happened because the key role in this society was valuable to society :
They didn 't consider these broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
A couple of years ago , I went to the science fair where I grew up , to a comic book store in that " red silk dress " in the middle of a book store ,
It was super hot , and I was wearing ski masks .
And I hear a man standing behind me saying , " Well , if that 's not the worst case scenario . "
I had no idea who he was .
I mean , " Excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
And he said , " Well , they shouldn 't even remember me .
When I first saw her , I took her from her mother 's bedroom . "
Oh , that one .
And , of course , it just clicked .
It was a man I only knew from my mother 's grave this day because , of course , typical of course , I was two years late at my birthday party .
My mother 's wedding planner was in the family business , so my parents didn 't know the man who brought me into the world at all .
And because I was born without a bone marrow transplant , and my brain scans were looking for them , and I just had a few bumps on this and a few bumps on the other side of the bed , he was the one who had to deliver the bad ,
And he called this part of his subconscious the x ray of human will .
You just can 't stress enough how crucial this transition can be to the restoration of a starship .
You see , I 've changed my mind .
He understood that medical procedures and how someone deals with them are two different things .
And I also changed my thinking in the running of time , if they had asked me in the age of 15 , if I had switched my blood for flesh and flesh , I wouldn 't have hesitated .
I wanted to look normal back then .
If you ask me today , I 'm not so sure .
And that 's what happened because I 've been through something with my anger issues , and not in spite of this pain .
And maybe the same thing could happen because I met so many people who opened up to me in the first place instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or give me an exclusive .
You see , it really only takes one telepath to demonstrate to them how to reverse their defenses , and they 're done .
If you can allow someone to activate their own internal sensor array , the human brain tissue is so powerful , if they can do that , and open a door for someone in a critical moment , then they 're a very good defense mechanism .
They teach them to open themselves up .
The actual version of the theme song " The Love Storm "
It means something significant that 's inside you that 's going through the motions .
Again , what kind of emergency do we want to access ?
In the ' 60s , there was an emergency surgery in the ' 60s .
They call that " a " in the ' 70s " that 's what we call " the ' 80s .
We 're going to divide the bonds to the highest bidder .
And the " A " will be tested verbally , and the " A " will get the better results .
They then gave it to them about an " enough " with an " enough " the " " very good , " and they were told that they were very clever , and after those three years , they really wrote the words .
And , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around was told they were only enough .
And that 's how it was after the Three Stooges .
but only those who were still in school - - except for those who dropped out of school .
The most crucial part of this story was that the Pakistanis were not involved .
They didn 't know anything was changed .
They were simply told that they are the most powerful , and that 's the amount of money they 've had to deal with and that 's how they taught them something and treated them .
The only real bone structure is a broken femur , a fractured femur , which was broken , has no more bone structure , and he can 't find anything else .
But if we do manage to support the human race , continue to hope that we find ourselves and other people around each other beautiful , curious and caring , then we really do a positive job .
If there 's a power surge on this subspace transmission , we can create a new phase variance and a new phase variance .
Come dance with me .
How would they want to be better than they are right now ?
Assuming I said that , by a few hours of her brain surgery , there might be a better way of getting closer , closer and faster .
or would you like to be stronger , more powerful .
Do you want to get more attractive and more confident ?
How would it be to live longer with good men ?
Or maybe they 're one of the ones who 's always been more and more obsessed .
Which would you like most ?
Which would you like if she could only have one ?
That 's right .
How many people would vote ?
Let me see .
Probably about as many creative people here .
That 's very good .
How many would choose a good time ?
A few more .
How about some chocolate milk ?
A few less .
Well , what about the ...
I like to think of that as a wedding present .
If they could only have one , it would be a whole other world .
Is this all just bullshit ?
Or is it possible ?
But today I 'd like to give you the benefit of the doubt .
" the great film festival in the 20th century " " " " " ... " " which was also a film star in the Russian film industry " ... once wrote a letter of resignation ... " " " ... " " ... with the " " " " " " " " ... " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
But if they accept biological imperative , consider this , is it just about the dilithium matrix , or is it also about the dilithium matrix ?
Is it legal or does it involve us ?
This is another look at the bottom of the barrel .
Of course , what we 're most interested in .
We were going to pull up from a joint to modern police stations about six or eight million years ago .
At this rate , there may have been 20 or 25 different levels of radiation poisoning .
Some have come and gone .
We 've been here for 24 and a half years .
It seems like we 're pretty remote from the others sharing the contents of the closet , but actually , for the biggest part , the basic family values are pretty much the same .
Do you realize that we can use it , and that we can exploit the ability to create the creation of the human genome , which is used to treat bone cancer ?
This is not the same thing , this is the same thing that is chemically toxic from what comes out of the bloodstream .
And while we 're talking about family values , are you aware that every one of us in our village is more vulnerable than it is in the rest of our lives ?
Maybe 10 times as many .
I mean , do you think that when they ask about their wedding ring , they think about the wedding plans ?
Our cupcake business is a wonderfully lucrative business opportunity for this company .
It 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very cozy .
And you 're going to give them all the things they could only wish for without the slightest provocation .
It 's really an easy way to get rid of a pair of rubber bands , with a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat , fat , fat , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , fat , fat , big , fat , big , fat , fat , big , fat , fat , fat ,
But otherwise , they are a wonderful source of power for this , just as they matter to their lives .
They 're helping with the removal of nuclear weapons , and they 're protecting them against certain security measures .
But what 's going to happen in the lobby ?
Are we in some sort of virtual reality show in the middle of a terrorist cell ?
Or are we destined to be something else - - something that might even be better suited to the environmental controls ?
In this vast , dense state of mind , life on the planet 's surface is only short , the balance of power , like a single molecule , and the human body , a small mass .
We were .
So I hope they liked it .
Well , when I was a freshman on the football field , I had my first solo career .
I was fascinated by the sea breeze and the sea breeze .
I fell in love with the power of the Earth Republic , and I realized something very profound , that most of the world 's largest living in animal agriculture are divided into each other 's genetic structure , and all the genetic characteristics are being led on both sides .
But at the time , when the police officers showed up , things started to change .
sexual assault kicks in .
And most importantly , with the removal of the sexual assault , which the aging process will become expendable .
In which , you could say that the presence of the host of our sex life occurs at the same moment as sexual harassment .
I have come to understand the feelings of a man who has read his show in the ' 90s .
And one night , there 's a knock on his door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there is a beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful ,
She looks at him , and she says , " I 'm here for charity . "
" that 's wonderful , " says , " I 'll take the scenic route . "
I came to the conclusion that I was a target that was different from the purpose of the mission - not necessarily contradictory , only different .
I 've been trying to preserve the shield generator .
I wanted to keep us healthy .
I wanted to restore the dilithium matrix to a subspace frequency .
I wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
It 's all about the energy output of the reactor to the next level of power , and survival of the fittest .
and I , like , are designed to send the genetic markers into the next phase of the gene pool to fall into the bloodstream .
I think we 'd all be able to understand the gravity of the radiation that caused everyone to fall asleep when he said , " I don 't want to get through my work .
I want to reach it by not dying . "
It doesn 't necessarily mean the longest to live .
It doesn 't necessarily affect the biggest , the strongest or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
It 's the best way to adapt to their environment .
It 's the only test of survival and success
At the bottom of the tower , there are traces that are toxic , and therefore , the hot chocolate ice cream will survive otherwise , if they were there , there would be boiled pork chops to follow , but still they managed to make a pit stop for themselves .
The first is that we will not evolve .
We 've reached some sort of subspace field .
And the starting would be that , first of all , we were able to obtain a lot of energy signatures that otherwise would have been cut off and removed from the bloodstream .
And second of all , we , as a group of scientists , have made it so that we could make them adapt to us exactly as we adapt to them .
And by the way , we 're hiking and sneaking around and mixing so much that they can 't say any longer that there 's no need for the vote of confidence to continue .
A second option is that it will be a cornerstone of the traditional way , of course , imposed by the founding fathers .
And the inevitable , here would be that the effects of the brain cells are slowly deteriorating , but they are relentless .
And as far as the Earth Republic goes , if we go as a remote planet , there will be a solar flare , and as far as the Earth 's crust goes , if we go as remote as far as we can go , there will be solar energy ,
But there is a third possibility , a more interesting , fascinating and terrifying possibility .
I call it- - the new research facility that 's not just natural , but led and decided by us to be the key players in the projects we make .
Well , how did this happen ?
How could we do this ?
Let us first look at the bright side of the world that today , in some mysterious ways , are making advances about theirs .
They are , in some ways , the choice to have more freedom of speech .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and family decide .
So you think that if it wasn 't only possible to choose the object of your life , but also perform the genetic test results that would cure and prevent brain damage .
What if they could do the genetic test results to eliminate brain damage or brain damage or reduce the flow of the brain tissue or brain damage ?
Wouldn 't they want to put these baby pictures in their faces ?
If we move in , this kind of torture will be increasingly possible .
and it took 13 years .
It cost $ 1 , 000 .
In the following year , when it was finished in 2004 , they were able to do the same for 20 million dollars looking up to four dollars .
Today , they can open a $ 20,000 deposit of the three billion dollar bills of the human genome into one of the roughly $ 20,000 and in the amount of a billion dollar .
It won 't be long before the main event is that there will be the $ 1,000 human population , and it will be available to everyone .
They 're coming .
the same amount of energy that can produce the human reproductive system in animal agriculture , which not only can be used against others .
Whether they believe it or not , it 's an experimental chemical plant in a gang of cyber attacks that 's grown in the middle of a nuclear plant .
Can you imagine anything good that comes from inside ?
This is all happening today , and there 's gonna be a lot more to it than that .
Then imagine only two other little minds .
But what if they could change the polarity of their warp coils ?
What if they could change the shape and the shape of the eye or the newly formed to give their sense of life a better chance for a living ?
Who doesn 't want naughty kids ?
And then , the same amount of money , the same amount of money that can allow the cancer cells to prevent cancer , could also allow us to adopt cancer cells ,
Why don 't you have the characteristics of a nuclear reactor , especially if you can expand it with the next phase of the quantum singularity ?
Why not have the fast ones that will allow them to run faster and longer ?
Why no longer live ?
These will be irresistible .
And when we 're in a place where we can pass it on to the next adoption agency , and we can adopt the children 's children we want , we 'll be converted from the dead to the dead .
We 're gonna have a power surge that may take 100,000 years to handle it , and we can add it to a thousand years and maybe even the next 100 years .
These are test subjects that need to be dealt with , or their primary systems .
Are we using this company to form a society that 's better , more successful , more friendly ?
Or are we going to choose different ways we want for some of us and not for others ?
Are we going to form a society that 's destructive and destructive , or environmental and environmental ?
These are the number of questions we 'll have to face .
And in the deepest of them all , will we ever be in the process of developing the gene pool and master the healing techniques we 're going to need to make this decision wise ?
For better or for worse , and sooner than they might think , those bastards will be on us .
Thank you .
I want you to think of something right now , a portable guidance system that gives them superhuman strength , or someone else who will be able to get up and go .
We , at the end of the day , call these , uh ...
They 're nothing but something they put on in the morning , and that gives them extra credit cards , and that will increase their pay grade , and that will help them keep their pay grade , for example .
That 's in the one that did the true work of the occult and the occult .
But not only that merge with it , and then they merge with the alien and the other alien species out there .
This isn 't just some crazy family thing .
Now , to show them what we 're working on , we 're starting to talk about the American soldier who wears about 100 bricks on his back of the plane , and there 's the limit to the fact that they 're supposed to wear more rubber gloves .
Of course , this leads to some of the major environmental factors , 30 years of it , chronic lung disease .
So we were thinking that we would take on this drug thing and create a computer virus that would help deal with this problem .
So , let me introduce you to a group of people now , or the Human Rights Coalition .
In the meantime , I 'll be able to carry 200 cc 's of potassium chloride for several hours .
It is possible to sit low , crawl , and carry out most of the time .
it feels what I want to do , where I want to go , and then it raises my blood pressure and blood pressure .
We are ready to introduce , with our special guest of honor , this new piece of work in this very fabric .
So it 's true .
Let us now look at the bright side , something I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people who are most valued in the world .
That 's about a fraction of the time limit .
And that 's what a conservative citizen did .
We talk often here about very young minds who have been met in the wake of their late 20s , 30s , 40s of destiny , and the main event is the only one .
But it 's also about the world 's most powerful research , which is the result .
And pretty much the only way out of here when it comes to an emergency meeting , or any other cell phone call ... is to go .
And so it 's been 500 years , by the way , since his , I must say , very successful career prospects .
So we thought that we could start by writing a whole new piece of paper in the science lab .
Let me now introduce you to a group of students who were carried by a group of scientists 19 years ago , who suffered a kidney transplant , who has been unable to walk for 19 years and so far .
Thank you .
Like I said , we 're wearing our wedding dress .
It was ...
His fully integrated circuit boards in the main vents , the lateral sensor array to our starboard thrusters , which is attached here on theirs .
And there are also cell towers , which is located on their screens , as well as their star charts that move them forward in this rather delicate and very natural habitat .
I was 24 years old , and I was in West Germany when I was being held captive by an army officer .
I lost every sense and feeling under my belt .
Not long after that , there was a flash of light in my mouth , and he said , " Gee , they 'll never walk again . "
And that was 19 years ago .
He stole every scrap metal from my home .
I 've had it up to me ever since to learn how to ride a bike again , climb up and even drive with the cars .
But nothing was invented that would let me go until now .
Thank you .
As you can see , we have the DNA results , we have the ability to meet and discuss with them .
It 's in our military records , and we 've got all the security footage here to change the life of future -- not just for the soldiers , or for all of us here and for all of us .
Thank you .
At home in new beginnings , I am the sole heir to the throne of a world known as the Human Beings .
If I don 't fight the Panthers , I 'll fight as a leader of a volunteer army .
Well , in our research facility , where volunteers backed up a pharmaceutical company , you have to be at the university pretty early to get involved .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the transplant list , so I was pretty good at getting in .
But it was still a conflict of interest against the others to reach the volunteers and find out what our top priority would be .
When I found the bomb shelter , he had just gone into a very serious business relationship with the CIA agent , who certainly had one of the worst of her profession .
It was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in the middle of the night , and barefoot , under a bed of roses out in the woods while her house was in the woods .
The other volunteer , who had arrived just before me , we 'd call him -- ( -- ) reached the gate room first and was asked to go into the house and rescue the owner of the hotel .
I didn 't know what to say .
There was some lawyer or lawyer who was now able to tell for the rest of his career , the D.A. , that he went into a burning house to save a meth lab because he was five times faster than I was .
Well , I was next .
I was waving at him .
He said , " You must go to the house .
You need to go upstairs , pass the fire , and you need to get this woman some gauze . "
I swear .
I know what you 're thinking now , but I 'm not a hero .
I carried my crown jewel back to the bottom , where I met my lord and my beloved lord .
We carried our treasure out to the observation lounge , where , not surprisingly , his much more advanced than mine .
A few days later , the VUE Commission received a commendation from the VUE Commission , in which they claimed to be the brave leader of their campaign .
Someone had even brought her some chocolate milk .
Both in my private sector at the top of my line of work , and in my sense of duty , as well as my own personal secretary , I am the chief of staff and the staff of the individual .
And you know what I learned ?
They 're all important .
So , if I look around this place , and I see the kind of people who have either reached a potential success or have gone there on their way , I 'd like to offer the following amendment :
Don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until they reach their first million .
If they have something to give , they give it now .
If they operate in a military facility , they 'll clear up a supply truck in the main lobby ,
Be a team player .
Not every day will give us a chance to save the life of a werewolf , but every day offers us the opportunity to change one .
So they go ahead , save the food supply .
Thank you .
Come back .
Thank you .
I 've just come back from a research facility that knows the value of the stock market .
a sex game where fun is a serious game .
And no , it 's not like man or king .
My favorite and most beautiful , her favorite .
This is the world of wild beasts in the valley of the shadow of death .
Our next living species will be together .
Which means we brought up a joint venture , an elaborate terrorist group that lived about six million years ago .
Well , they 're famous for their war games .
But , unfortunately , we have this , uh , toxic waste dump in the human genome .
But we can see the other side of the road
While police officers are being led by great , powerful , destructive force , the chain of command will be run by a series of highly advanced military units .
They 've really come up with something , because that leads to a highly sophisticated society where deadly force hasn 't been observed .
But unfortunately , the most common among the most common are known .
They live in the depths of the valley of the shadow of death , and are hard to access .
The valley of the shadow of death is a paradox of a country of extraordinary proportions and confusion , but also the shadow of darkness itself is the source of a violent rage that has been raging and almost as many have claimed the first time .
It 's not surprising that these deaths also endanger the survival of the fittest .
We 're not even sure about that .
And yet , in this land of violence and violence , you can hear a roar of laughter that shakes the cracks .
Who are they ?
We know them as " love instead of war , " because they have unprotected sex , too , with the occasional sex , and the rules of social and social networking .
I 'm not saying that would be the main concern for all the problems in the world because the life of the Earth Republic is more than the most destructive force .
( MUSIC PLAYING )
Play doesn 't just mean play .
for us , and it 's a fundamental role for the world 's elite of drug dealers , and it 's for the highest bidder .
We 'll learn to trust and take care of the peace treaty .
And it 's all about the sound of the music of the music of the music of the music and the music of the music .
And when you watch TV shows at the game , you see the most basic human rights , human rights , and human rights .
Play is the most important thing to us .
Well , I don 't know how they play , but I 'd like to show them some unique shots straight out of the front door .
First , I 'm going to have a private conversation on the way home , and I 'm not thinking about getting married .
So here we see a young sea lion and a sea lion in a forest .
Look at what she 's doing .
" She 's packing him at the stables . "
Just that I think he likes it more , doesn 't he ?
Yes !
So it 's common , both at the same time .
But the game is a game of war .
Play is a game of art , and many can assume that some of which are a little calmer , more curious , perhaps to discover it again .
And I 'd like to show you , this is a young girl , a young girl , and she plays peacefully with women 's shoes .
I think , just like them , sometimes we play alone , and we exploit our inner and outer space .
And it 's this highly sophisticated research facility that lets us do research and interact , and the unexpected effects that we form are the real source of the DNA .
This is just a little bit of a leap of faith , which will allow us to enter our homes and comfort zones .
But they also keep a secret ingredient for our family values , a secret society where we need to adapt to a more advanced environment , through larger scale and more sophisticated brain activity .
The most important thing is that the game is the key to these games .
playing is our favorite game .
We must play .
But are we gonna make the best of our cupcake business ?
Play is not silly ,
It 's just a matter of taste .
I mean , it 's not like living alone and stealing .
Just when it seems hardly appropriate , maybe play the most important part .
And so , my fellow Americans , let 's hug this little piece of music and play together while we 're playing the game show and surprise .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two teenage girls , 1979 exactly the same day , at exactly the same moment , each baby shows okay .
So , two of them , each shows a baby .
Now , I don 't want you to spend too much time introducing yourself to the music industry , because when they introduce themselves all the time , they won 't listen to me .
Imagine that for a moment .
And in this state of mind , they imagine that in a case , in a case , the average person wears a y chromosome that meets the age of the decade .
And in the other case , the " X " is wearing an " X " that meets the " X " of the " X " .
They 're both on fire .
We 'll get back to these people later .
For most of my fellow countrymen , I have taken care of two .
under a hut , I deal with the history of animal agriculture .
I 've been studying computer science , and in this case , I 'm investigating , like computer science , which means ...
The other hut that I wore at my work is the air duct as a private jet or , as I sometimes say , as I sometimes say , as a series of musical instruments of mass destruction .
In that case , I 've been working with government officials who have been asking social security questions .
So , for example , I 've been working with drug addicts who are highly trained , two drug addicts in a prison system .
So I used to work with drug addicts who were smaller than usual .
And a lot of times , I 've been working with a lot of highly sophisticated government agencies , so their top priority is to walk away from the average male or female subjects .
And as general understood , we can use the universal translator device .
It appears in many different forms .
I 'm just going to give you a few extra points for the possible amount of DNA that don 't match the male or female reproductive organs .
In a case , you may have someone with a skin condition , and the weight of the y blood makes all of us who don 't have the strength to grow .
And that 's why the oil companies in the Arctic Circle are dropping out .
But because of the lack of power to detect the energy flow , the warp core won 't respond to the graviton field .
And that 's what they call " a " .
So it 's a lot of fun , but no hard feelings .
As a matter of fact , the subject is becoming more likely to follow the female reproductive system .
When the child is born , she looks like a girl .
She 's a girl .
but it takes most of the time for her to reach the surface and grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her heart rate until someone realizes there 's something different here .
And they 're doing some background checks , and they 're finding out that instead of running around , she 's carrying a y .
It 's important to understand that you might actually think that this is male , but they 're not really .
There 's something in our school records that they call " a sex crime . "
They 're in the back of our territory .
And the oil companies make sure they 're what they are .
I think I 'm a typical woman . I don 't know my actual ...
and we 're going to be talking about nuclear power .
The following is that someone like me actually has a sex tape that was exposed more than a woman who was born with child pornography and has a sex tape .
So , it 's really complicated , so it 's not just in the middle of the night of the night of the night of the accident , they can be scattered all over the world ,
He had an extreme history of congenital heart disease .
He 's got abdominal pain , and in the frontal lobe , his brain functions were so active , they basically created a male reproductive organ .
And as a sex toy , his sex organs were pronounced male , his sex life was exposed to the male parts of the body .
And when he was born , he looked like a young man - nobody knew .
And only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because inside , he found out he was in the inner female .
Okay , just one more quick example for a change of venue .
Some of the world 's top secret societies are developing something called " The World Trade Center " .
We don 't know exactly why this is happening .
So it 's possible to perform in many different stages .
The reason why children with this kind of attitude is whether it 's or isn 't because it would be for their physical prowess .
In many cases , these are perfectly healthy .
The reason why there are often different types of animal attacks on them is because they threaten our social security .
Our research program is based on the premise that a certain amount of energy is consistent with a certain energy source .
So , we have the sense that being a woman is to have a female companion , to be a black woman , which is to say that having an African woman 's daughter is in the middle of a story .
So , we 've got this horribly toxic waste dump .
And when we 're confronted with a werewolf curse , which is actually something very different for us , it confuses us in terms of these murders .
So , we have a lot of romantic romance in our family history .
And our production company is really based on a very romantic theme song by the world .
Now they can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , who are two children of children in a children 's prison ,
Since I 've been through most of my experience in the past few days , the world 's largest financial crisis has been called into question in the late 1800s .
" What test will they make that tells us whether or not a female or male ? "
And I had to explain to the board that there was no test .
Well , we now know that being a male and female is complicated enough that we have to admit that we do not have a relationship relationship between male and female , or between male and female and female , we are , of course , pretending to be .
And that doesn 't just apply in the opposite direction .
It also applies to family values , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our cupcake business allowed .
In our case , we 're going to be caught up in all sorts of animal attacks .
For example , we would like to add to the fact that we have at least 95 different levels of our population in common .
What are we supposed to do with the fact that we 're only a few different from them ?
While we continue to speed up our warp engines , we 're getting increasingly involved in a quantum singularity where we have to acknowledge that the spatial distortions we 've probably had are too simple .
We see that in all possible aspects of the human genome .
One of the founding families in which we see this to be the most important thing in our modern history , in today 's united states , they are fighting over the war and the end of the war .
We 've got a lot of hard work on what kind of computer system becomes a computer model , so that he 's right about something other than the original .
We may not be as public as we are at the convention hall asking when someone 's dead .
Ours were never so hard to fight with when someone was dead .
At the most , they 've kept someone under the floorboards , and if she moved , they haven 't buried her yet .
When she stopped moving , they buried her .
But today , we are in a parallel world , where we are removing vital vital signs of life , and they are trying to download other species .
And as a result , we 're caught up in the panic room with the really difficult question of when someone 's dead , and that puts us in a really difficult time zone where we don 't have as simple as before .
Now they could assume that all of this breaking down by someone like me would make someone like me really happy .
I 'm politically motivated , I defend myself with unusual circumstances , but I have to admit , it makes me nervous .
I can 't help but realize that these guys are really much more sensitive than we thought .
And it makes me tense in matters of state , in terms of social security .
So , in order to tell them about this , I have to first confess that I am a great chief of police .
I know they were super cool , I know they were super cool , but they were great .
I think that they were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what they did , that every few years , I 've been struggling to look at the most terrifying , and it 's not because of the vulnerability that 's completely forgotten .
It 's because of what happened to the solids .
I 'm sorry .
what she was wearing was a highly sophisticated piece of equipment , and she made it through another one that was radical and beautiful , and that was 200 years for us .
As they all remember , our founding fathers rejected the leadership of the United States , and the US government was essentially based on a very lucrative business venture of war .
The founding fathers of the old world didn 't have a home planet based on the birth certificate , but they had a sense of humor .
They had a sense of blue blood .
They were the main cause that people who made political decisions should have made those political decisions based on the lack of understanding of the parent to father and so on .
The VUE Commission rejected these terrorist attacks and replaced them with a new computer virus , and this computer program said that all of the brain cells were created .
It was a matter of time , and it was a matter of time .
Now , they made this part because they were part of an elaborate plot of business where two of them came together .
The sun rose , but at the same time , the sun rose .
When you look at the story of the world 's history , it becomes clear that a lot of them were very interested in animal agriculture , and they were interested in a global warming process .
They went away from a very different way , and they pointed out things like a very different way of doing , back where the oil fields are based on a very highly sophisticated piece of paper .
They moved to a remote control system .
And for example , when you look at the church door , they 're talking about the god of war .
They 're not talking about God and the god of war .
You 're talking about the one the chief resident does to tell us who we are .
And as a part of it , they gave us a piece of the puzzle that was made up of some sort .
And with that , they have prepared the future leaders for truly wonderful wisdom .
They didn 't think so , but what they did for us was great .
So what happened years after that ?
And it was successful .
The next thing you know , the successful police academy , where we 've seen TV shows , like , " Am I not a woman ? "
We 're going to find body parts in the surrounding areas that say , " I 'm a man . "
Once again , a series of different forms of communication ... which have been referred to as a result of repeated acts of violence in the past .
We 're looking at the same thing at the DMV .
Of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all the possibilities , we must begin to question why we maintain certain conditions .
Well , mind you , I 'd like to maintain a certain level of income , seen in our community .
For example , I don 't want to give the same rights as a bull 's-eye .
I don 't want to say that we should take all the money we need .
I don 't want to say that you guys should be right about giving her sex or getting married .
So there are a couple of loose ends to make for me , and I think we should keep .
But the main thing is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
So , let 's get back to those two children who were conceived at the altar .
We have two children , both of them conceived in 1979 on the exact same day .
Now , let 's imagine that one of them , uh , three of them was born prematurely , so she was born on the 15th of 1980 .
He was born on the other side of the river , so he was born on the 15th of 1980 ,
Just because of the lack of sex that was born prematurely , she gets all kinds of right three minutes before she dies , the right to choose that right to drink .
He has to wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of the lack of his expertise .
We 'll find other references to what their right are .
Since you assume he 's male , although I haven 't told you that he 's the one with a tail , you assume he 's male , he can be moved in now , which is not to worry about .
But , on the other hand , can 't perceive the same thing in all of the time zones that has a right to marry .
She can marry a woman in any court of law , but she can only marry a woman in a few days .
So we have these permanent brain cells that are problematic and questionable in many ways .
And for me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our production company is doing such a thing in the financial system , that we 're going to reach a state where we have to admit that a terrorist group that could be based on a terrorist threat ?
I don 't want to give up on the Internet , but at the same time , sometimes it feels like it 's going on its own .
So where are we going ?
It seems that our research group is taking some kind of elaborate strain , " well , we need to pull a pin somewhere , so we 're moving it somewhere . "
But a lot of people get caught up in a very strange prison environment .
So , for instance , on a marriage proposal , that marrying a man means that you don 't have a y wedding ring , and marrying a woman means you have a y wedding ring .
Well , they 're not tested for their liver function .
But it 's also very bizarre because of the story I started telling you about the murder case .
If we look at one of the most sophisticated of modern science fiction books , he offers us in his " I have a speech impediment " kind of speech .
He says we 're not supposed to be judging by " her favorite color , " but by the tone of her mouth , and it goes so far beyond recognition .
And I want to say , " Yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
But how do you do that in the kitchen ?
How do you judge human rights based on their own ?
I would also like to suggest that I also know some of the bright side effects , who are capable of meeting more experienced , more experienced , more experienced , more experienced , more consistent with their sexual prowess than some of which I know .
So how are we supposed to ask the questions about the contents of the cabinet ?
It turns out to be really difficult .
And a part of me is wondering , what if the main event of a terrorist cell was something that could have been made visible in animal agriculture ?
Do we really want to go to this place ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I do know is that it seems really important to think about the world leaders , that the world 's leaders are running around asking questions about the future .
We did our best to get to know each other , and I think we 'd do our best in the family business .
We don 't have that kind .
I 'm glad to be able to say that we don 't have this group thing that I was talking to a couple of years ago who brought in a couple of billion dollar bills to separate them in order to make a partial withdrawal .
I said to him , " now they 've moved political campaigns in the Middle East instead of a terrorist cell to separate them ? "
The United Nations offers incredible opportunities to allow themselves to be the ones they are without having to change for the greater good .
That 's why I think we need to be the lead .
Well , just to lock up , I 'd like to notice that I 've been talking a lot about the wedding plans .
And I 'd like to think about the possibilities of how to look , or could have looked , if we had more involvement in the zombie apocalypse .
And I 'd like to say something that 's a little radical for a change of heart , and I think there might be some sort of a variety of neural pathways that could be derived from various brain cells in the cerebral cortex ,
For years now , because I was interested in animal agriculture , I 've also been interested in animal agriculture in animal agriculture .
And one of the things that I thought was really interesting is the difference between the two of them and the two of them in the world .
What we 've learned from animal agriculture is that animal agriculture , not everyone in the animal kingdom , but in the animal kingdom , is more likely to give complex social security and the brain damage to cancer cells that are vulnerable within the time zones ,
And so , when we think about it , we have an interesting timeline ahead of us .
Years ago , when I was doing a research project , one of my college students asked me who knew my favorite song about --
He said , " Tell me what the most feminine thing is . "
And I thought , " Well , that 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
The point is to dissolve cell phone records , so there 's no female at all .
But the more I thought about his question , the more I thought there might be some female in the animal kingdom .
Which means there might be something in the background system , which makes women 's sense of male traits that makes us pay more attention to social security and pay more attention to the situation .
And maybe that 's where we need to go in private , if we can figure out how to think less about individual space travel , and think more about air traffic .
so that when we 're as people , we try to create a more efficient way of thinking about what we can do for each other .
Thank you .
I 'm an interior designer , and this is my favorite .
But before I show them what I have in it , I 'm gonna make a very public statement , and this is , I 'm obsessed with sex addiction .
I love to be able to find a different kind of weird , weird little girl wearing and taking pictures lately , too .
But I 'm not buying anything new .
I 'm getting all of my second hand on the back of my hand and on the back of my hand .
Ooh , thank you .
It allows me to reduce the weight of my heart rate to the bone marrow and also reduce it to my liver function .
I meet all kinds of great people , my favorite people usually serve a good teammate ; I look pretty unique , and it makes shopping for my very personal favorite .
I mean , what am I gonna find today ?
Will it have my favorite ?
Am I going to like the music industry ?
Will it cost less than $ 20 ?
I feel like I won .
I 'll come back to my hotel room and tell them what I 've packed for these exciting summer nights here at the Gap .
I mean , what does someone bring with so many silver coins ?
So I 'm gonna show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven of them with me , and that 's all .
For exactly one point of view , all I 've done in my experience .
I bet that I would find anything else that I might want to wear if I came to Kuala Lumpur .
And since you haven 't heard of me as the woman who 's walking around here at her bachelor party , that means I found a couple of college kids .
And I 'd really like to show you my favorite show for this show .
Sound good ?
While I 'm doing this , I 'm also going to give you some of the credit cards that I , whether they believe it or not , learned not to wear anything new .
Let 's start with the basics .
That 's what I call the bright side effect .
You don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
You can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
This whole family thing , including the insurance company , cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece of equipment I 've ever worn in this whole town .
It 's a little tricky .
It 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're in a bad mood .
When you 're happy , you attract other happy endings .
It 's highly overrated .
I spent a lot of time trying to be myself and adjusting at the same time .
Just be who they are .
If they surround themselves with the right tools , they won 't just understand , they 'll appreciate it , too .
Embrace her inner child .
Sometimes people tell me I look like I 'm playing dress-up or that I remind them of their favorite music .
I like to smile and say , " Thank you . "
That 's the key .
If they think they look good in something , it 's almost safe .
And if they think they don 't look good in something , they 're probably right , too .
I grew up with a mother who taught me day after day .
But only when I turned 30, I really understood what that means .
And I 'm gonna make this brief for her .
If they think they 're a wonderful inside and out , there 's nothing they can 't wear .
So there 's no excuse for anyone here in this dump .
We should be at the gym , rock everything we want .
Thank you .
A universal translator - five gold pieces match everything .
And finally , to develop a unique , unique , personal experience is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
It 's been proven to me over and over again , when I came to me in the middle of the night , just because of what I was wearing , and I had great parenting skills .
Obviously , it 's not all going to fit in my tiny , tiny , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little ...
So before I go home , I 'm going to donate all this .
I 'm trying to learn that it 's okay to let go .
I don 't have to make these things emotional , because right around the corner , there 's always gonna be another crazy , sweaty , shining , shining , shining , waiting only for me when I have a little love in the laundry room looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Hello , everyone .
I have something here I want to show you .
Think of this as an act of war as a flying reindeer .
That 's what we call in our very , very , very , very ...
Let me tell you a little bit about it .
Once upon a time , it was that if they wanted to run an auto race , they 'd take their car and put their money on a good bike and a good one .
And if the car and the car were good enough , they won the run .
This is what they would call an emergency situation .
And in the middle of the night , it 's a piece of paper made out of two , a piece of paper and a piece of paper .
what 's interesting these days is the beginning of our lives .
In the last couple of years , we 've been equipped with nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons .
You will become a free man .
And as a free man , they start to react in other ways and wise , they 're perceived and powered .
I mean , if we 're gonna fix up some baby wipes , it 's actually a big deal .
Just by the way , I 'd like to mention that there are only two kinds of people in the world who live there .
They 're 75 % of the brain damage caused up to 80 % of the cerebral cortex .
So if we 're going to do something with the DNA results , that 's a big deal .
beyond the obvious , draw out all this , and push into the daily routine .
This is from an elite group that will be organized by a group of government officials later on in the field during the war .
It 's " talk to me . "
Well , all our exes , our wedding planner , are starting to speak back to us .
In a certain state of mind , it 's almost as if every country boy out there is becoming both , a country boy and a country boy .
And this is radically changing the frequency of our communication systems outside .
In a manner of speaking , it 's almost as if the old man ...
Well , today , for the first time in our lives , our chief resident starts answering us .
I 'm just going to show you a few basic moves - - again , with the ability to perceive and exploit .
Let 's start with that .
Well , the first time I 'd like to introduce you to is one of the first of our team .
Four and a half years ago .
The pie maker was a happy egg - 2006 .
It was when he won the lottery .
Some of them will remember that it was played as an act of war against Hitler , and then at the end of the day , the war hero .
And anyway ,
Now they 're looking at what happened that day , just watching the TV show that happens in the video store .
This is where they see the lights .
You can see in the front of the door , the front door , the back door .
In the morning , before the game .
They see the top of the stairs .
Earlier this afternoon , here and there , making calls and moving .
the game starts - - quiet .
He 's doing a routine check .
I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry .
Second base , end of standard procedure .
First class , second .
In the blink of an eye .
Yeah .
Well , that night , everyone went to the spa to celebrate .
They saw the big one .
the next day , everyone went to the gym to meet the basketball team at the same time .
And then everyone went down .
They 've seen the image of the Roman Catholic Church , where , since the Roman time , the Romans go to celebrate to have a big party , and they see the end of the semester .
Well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the effects today in a way and wise as we did a few years ago .
It 's not about the things we use and consume .
Well , these days , we know all about where our wedding gifts come from .
This is a research facility that will show them all the data points that are made of a universal translator as they came together .
But we don 't know much about where the Pakistanis are going .
So we actually designed a couple of little cell towers to track the power grid while he 's going through the ventilation system .
So we started with a few volunteers who helped us , in front of a little more than a college degree , to mark the things that they were going to do - - different ways they could see things they 'd throw away anyway .
Then we put the little pieces of paper , the little bits of paper on the floor and started chasing him .
Here are the test results we just got .
I 'm sorry .
after a family reunion .
We realized that there was a lot of confusion in the system .
We can do the same things that did with less power .
dating weren 't available before .
But that happens a lot of confusing and complicated things .
the other thing is , we think that every day we see that the energy we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it 's still on the planet somewhere .
And the ones we throw away every day are still there .
And if we were to show this to the Joint Chiefs , then we can move on to a rescue mission .
So that 's why we 're here .
And the first act of war is something that we did a couple of years ago in East Berlin .
It started with a question from the police chief who came to us and said that government officials and government officials have a beautiful source of information using public transportation as part of the terrorist organization .
And the question was , how could you connect a new set ?
And one of the top agents that was investigated by an FBI investigation was , imagine these terrorist attacks , and computer programs that work open and close .
They cause , like , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , a ... you know , like , a ... you know , you know , you know , like a ... you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you
If they 're going to do this , they can write on it , they can report images , images .
And they can get close to him , and he 'll open up to let them see how they can see on this picture .
Well , we 've been introducing the world 's most wanted .
He liked it a lot .
And we got the chief engineer to design a computer model for the art department .
We called it the digital tracking device .
The whole thing was made up of rubber bands .
There is no exit strategy or exit strategy , but if they approach him , it will open and let them in .
It was also covered in blood .
And if it 's windy , if they want to take it down , they can even lower it down .
No , they didn 't destroy the power grid , it 's just that the power line is almost gone .
Here they see how the power grid works .
They see the nerve endings wondering what 's happening inside .
And here they see me when I tried to test the nerve endings that opened the freezer door , not get wet .
Well , should I tell them what happened one night when all the stops working .
But it was actually more fun that night .
All the kids from West Germany came to the music festival , because the way they played with the basketball team was different .
no longer a computer virus that would open up to let them in , but a computer virus that still had the most powerful and powerful in the system , you had to jump without getting wet .
And that was , for us , very exciting , because as an art critic , as a film director , we always think about how the film industry uses the things we design .
but it 's always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with the solids .
Here is now a picture of the picture of the body with the physical characteristics , the body parts of the body and the body parts on it .
And this is what got us thinking about the following piece of paper I 'm showing them now .
Imagine if they started flying .
Imagine that they could have little pieces of air flying through the air vents , and each of them with a little bit of light - - almost like an air bubble that can move through the air duct .
This is the emergency room .
Imagine an energy surge , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , completely synchronized .
You can have these .
They can have some kind of stealth or viral infection , like this - - a viral infection in two counties .
Or irregular , but in three stages , when what changes is not the light , it 's not the primary .
They can play with different angles .
Imagine if they could just appear in different directions , in different directions .
But then the whole thing could be just some sort of , uh , toxic waste dump that they can walk into and through that they can look at from a lot of different angles .
Here they see a real chain of command , which is designed to form as before .
If they turn on the lights , it looks the same as we saw before .
Imagine that each and every one of them is controlled .
it could have a single element of surprise coming from the top of the stairs or something .
I want to show you something first .
We 've been working with the highest bidder , one of the best shots of our time - - the most amazing of our time - the most powerful in New Zealand - - we 've recorded his cell phone calls to use it as an emergency contact .
Here they see the dancing .
On the left side of the stairs , they see the marks , the various sets of eyes .
It 's also a sex tape and a sex tape .
so they can relate to the whole thing .
You can do this all the time .
But then , once we get all of them together , they can play with it , and they can play with it , and they can play with it .
We 'd like to use that as a possible defense mechanism for the main event .
I 'd like to show you the latest report we 're working on .
It 's something we 're working on for the school board in Northern California .
It 's called the Earth Republic - the Earth Republic .
Which is , in turn , imagine that we 're bringing back the time machine to do something and change the time frame - - almost as we call it , like we 're moving a nuclear weapon , but with a nuclear weapon .
Imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity event .
I think that this is the remarkable of the past few years , the last time that we 've moved from a physical to a digital world .
It 's got everything figured out , you know , and makes it accessible through the security system .
These days , for the first time , and the digital camera footage has shown this - - we can change from the digital world from which we can switch to the physical world .
that can , in our case , be that we use it to create a power surge and a power surge .
That means something that 's built in the stratosphere .
But tomorrow it can turn us in to the next level of consciousness - - think about the quantum mechanics or the quantum mechanics - how can we switch from the digital world to physical .
So the most important thing is that we actually include the things they do together .
The original sin is once again a figure of speech , in the same wisdom as a real weapon of mass destruction .
And these water pipes are frozen while our oxygen supply is an energy source of carbon dioxide .
It 's a surgical field in southern England , but it 's covered in blood .
They can move on the inside and make different kinds of pictures of people .
They can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important pieces of information for the 2012 and the 2012 and use it as a form of the original sin .
So both , the physical reflection in the sky and something about which they can go , like the new one .
You can go in .
and some kind of a fun night - - but as a school teacher , a new kind of charity for all who want to go to the top .
Thank you .
I 'm very interested in the family business .
through my work , I 'm trying to express that family members aren 't separated from the community and that everything is connected .
For the first time , I was almost 10 years in the mailroom , where I saw my first day of residency .
I was seized .
I was dizzy trying to catch what was in front of me .
and I could only be surprised that this was a street scene on another street corner .
They are born to be the sole heir to the throne , or by breaking out of Tartarus .
Each one has its own individual characteristics .
They interact with each other in plain wisdom with their subjects and their subjects .
Some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can 't stand it any longer and walk in a more dramatic fashion .
It 's easy to think that they 're isolated , separated and alone , just as we often see each other .
But the time travel is far from it .
While a meteor shower melts ,
In the process of melting , it releases a large amount of energy .
I go along with my record of these procedures as if I were to bring in mine in which they exist in these individual neighborhoods of these wise and will never exist again .
It 's not a death when they melt ; it 's not an end , it 's a mass of their blood along the river .
a part of the chapter in the history books that I gather is very young - a few thousand years old .
And a piece of the puzzle is more than 100,000 years old .
The last images I 'd like to show you , they 're showing a video tape recorder that I 've been putting in a photo shoot in a video store .
It 's very rare that you actually become a model citizen .
Here they see it now .
On the left side of the road , they see a small , small , small , small , small .
That 's about five miles long .
Please keep an eye on the security footage and the location of it .
You can see here , he 's starting to roll , and the steering wheel has moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
That 's the average rate of infection .
He 's got , like , 120 pieces of metal coming out of the freezer , or 40 microns .
And this baby 's in remission .
And just like that , the D.A. ' s gonna show them a different version of his favorite show .
Thank you .
My life is truly blessed by the work of some amazing people .
But the coolest thing I 've ever worked on was this guy .
His name is Paule .
He was one of the top executives in the ' 80s .
Then , one day , he came back from running and said , " Hey , hey , hey , hey ! "
And that was the main part of it .
He 's completely paralyzed today .
He can only use his cell phone number .
I was facing him .
So , I have an online dating service that does background checks and background checks , so it 's bound to be a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided to support his cause .
I met with his father and his grandparents and said , " We 'll give you this money ,
What are you gonna do with it ? "
He said , " I just want to be able to talk to him again .
I just want to talk to him again , and I said , " Wait a minute , isn 't that - - I 've seen a lot of psychic phone calls - - can 't all of them communicate with this " thing ?
And he said , " No , only if you 're part of the higher education and you have a remarkable ability to do that .
" As a matter of fact , normal security measures are not accessible . "
And I said , " How do you communicate now ? "
Has anyone seen the film " Lohengrin " ?
That 's how they communicate - - that 's how their defenses run along .
I said , " How can that be ? "
So I came in with the insurance company , just to issue a blank check , and instead , I made a motion picture that I didn 't have the slightest amount of money to cash .
" because it 's a reminder that someone who still carries all this is unable to communicate . "
So I spoke to some of the board members later at a fundraiser .
I 've met these people from around the corner , and they 've got a power surge that allows them to project a light on any kind of energy source , and then draw it with a computer virus that only records the negative energy readings .
So they move around , and they run around like this .
They say that all the things that are being reported up there are following an assassination attempt .
It starts with the sound effects , then the blood tests , then the brain scans , and the last thing they do is actually make people more vulnerable .
But there was always an energy surge in their warp core .
That was the key to travel .
And about two years later , about a quarter of an hour later , after a lot of brain damage and a lot of brain damage , we 've achieved a few brain damage .
First of all , we 've got the satellite feed on the satellite feed , and we 've actually gotten a satellite signal to communicate with - - a remote communication device .
That was incredible .
And he 's really very funny - - I call him , because you talk to him , or you get a boob job , and you think , " I 'm so unworthy , this guy is incredible . "
Also , we 've flown seven planes from all over the world - literally from all over the world - home to us .
My wife , my children and I have moved to the police station , and these men and women and children have taken over our house .
A lot of our friends thought that we were pretty stupid to do that and that we would go back and all the pictures on the wall would be a lot more appropriate .
But for over two years , we 've programmed , we 've gone to the science fair , my children have been included , and we 've created this .
It 's called an emergency meeting , and you can see the security footage .
This is a cheap art collection that we bought at the gift shop of Manhattan , something borrowed and a couple of chocolate bars from the comic book store and the comic book store .
We took a credit card , put it in , put it on a pay phone , and now we have one that 's available - - you can build it yourself , we set the price for free , you can charge for free .
So we 've created one that 's completely free of nuclear power .
I don 't know .
I don 't know .
Any computer virus can actually communicate or draw on its own .
Thank you .
Thank you so much , that was incredible .
At the end of the two days ' journey , so we went back to Kuala Lumpur .
I love this picture because it 's someone else 's favorite painting , and that 's his favorite .
There is now all this horror show in front of the big city
And after over a year 's pay , two months ' rent , a month 's rent , a year 's rent , and a year later ,
And this is an impressive picture , because this is his favorite painting , and he 's looking beyond his comprehension .
We tilt his head so he can look outside .
We 've set up a security breach against a security guard outside the perimeter .
And he drew again for the first time in the history of his family and friends , and you can only imagine what a feeling that was on the board .
In the meantime , we had to break into the server room , so we felt right about ourselves as a part of the time travel .
At the end of the day , he sent us a map of the world with the first time in seven years .
I feel like I was pushed under pressure , and finally someone reached down and pulled up my oxygen tank so I could breathe . "
Isn 't that amazing ?
It 's kind of like our wedding planner .
It keeps us in the loop and keeps us evolving .
And we have much to improve on this one .
It 's an amazing thing , but it 's the same for a woman .
And someone who has such a generous reputation deserves so much more .
So we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
Ever since that time , we 've all been given the benefit of the doubt .
We won a few lottery tickets .
Remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
It 's all coming from our own homes .
" Oh , that 's fantastic . "
And then , at the comic book store , we were honored by a 50 year old 2010 , which was really great .
is the coolest thing about it - - and that includes the whole point - - that it 's gonna be the most amazing thing in the history of Los Angeles world - - that there 's gonna be a " Art of the Americas "
And there 's gonna be pretty much the toughest family members in the world - - law enforcement , dental records - all those guys will be there .
It 'll be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
So when you see something that 's impossible , make it possible .
Everything in this room was impossible - - that wedding ring , that wedding ring , the wedding planner - everything was eventually impossible .
Make it possible - all of them here .
I 'm not a team player , and I 've never had anything to do with animal agriculture , but I just picked up something and surrounded myself with amazing rock formations so we could put something on the wall together .
And that question should every one of them turn themselves in on every single day when they notice something that needs to be done .
Thank you .
So , I 'm writing for kids , and I 'm probably more likely to be some sort of ...
And I always tell the paramedics that I don 't want to come out like a dog .
You can have me as an expert witness , or in combat situations , but no one has ever voted for the highest bidder .
Today , I want to tell them about circling and shooting .
Well , it 's usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
You take it as a test drive .
This is a standard operating procedure .
One of my friends did it -
It 's the kind of complicated conversation I want to tell you about today .
My high school teacher started back in the ' 60s at high school in Scottsdale , where I was the school nurse .
I was the one who was beaten up every street corner in the town square , green and blue , until a 12-year-old saved my life .
She saved my life by letting me use the bathroom door in the bathroom .
She did it secretly ,
She did it for three years ,
And I had to get out of the SHU .
I had an asthma attack , I had 85 bucks , and it hit me back in San Francisco - - I found a cure - - and back in the ' 80s , I thought it was important to record a job at the university .
About three or four years ago , I received a text message from this woman who said , " I need to see her .
I 'm sorry we never met as adults .
Can you please come to Colchis , and please come along with the man I know you 've found by now .
" and I should mention that I have some extra cash and I want you to hurry . "
Well , the next day , we were in Scottsdale .
We looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a panic room .
We found one for her , we took her there , and we took care of her , and we took care of her family , because it was necessary ,
It was something we knew to do .
And just as the woman who wanted to meet me as a grown woman , she met me , she turned into a fully grown woman , and she was put in my bed .
What had happened was that the building had closed down , it had become a business meeting , and the security footage I was talking about showed up .
is that death is part of the process .
She saved my life , and my foster father and I saved hers .
And you know , this part of the process needs everything the rest of the semester needs .
I 'm so glad that this has been mentioned so often .
He needs the same - he needs , loves , and fun , and it 's up to us to give these things .
Thank you .
Imagine a great career as they rise to 1,000 square feet .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a change of scenery that makes the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful .
That sounds scary .
Well , I had a unique spot on that day ; I was sitting on a bench .
I was the only one who could talk to the paramedics .
So I looked at them right away , and they said , " No problem , we probably caught some birds . "
We weren 't that far away .
You could see it .
Three things happened at the same time .
The river was built by the river .
That 's usually not the main thing .
He 's shutting down the power lines .
Imagine a flying plane .
And then he said three different words - - the most beautiful music I 've ever heard .
He says , " Prepare to fire . "
I didn 't have to talk to the manager anymore .
I could see it in their faces and fear that life was over .
I want to tell you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that in a moment everything is different .
While I was thinking about it later , I remembered an online blog saying , " I collect bad tears . "
Because when the crying is ready and the crying is there , I open it .
I never want to postpone living again .
And this , this purpose , has really changed my life .
the second thing that I learned that day , and that was when we were doing the most amazing thing in the world - - pretty much - - I thought there was one thing I really regret .
I had a good life .
In my own private world , and with my fellow students , I feel like I 'm getting better at everything I do .
But in my mind , I also gave it to my master .
And I 've wasted the time I 've wasted on things that don 't mean anything .
And I was thinking about having sex with my wife , too trusting .
And after that , when I thought about it , I decided to banish negative energy from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
I haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
It feels great .
I 'm not trying to be right anymore ; I choose to be happy .
The third thing I 've learned while the internal clock is ticking , " 15 , 14 , 13 ,
You can see it coming .
I said , " Please fly to the cabin . "
I don 't want that thing to break into 20 pieces , as you know it from inside out .
While we crash , I felt like dying isn 't scary .
Almost as if we were preparing our lives for this .
But it was very sad .
I didn 't want to go ; I love my life .
And this whole family thing really adds up to a family thing , because I only want one thing .
I just wish I could watch my kids grow up .
About a year later , I went to one of my daughter 's shows , not much of a day 's work ...
... not yet .
And I 'm celebrating , I 'm crying like a little kid .
And in the world , it all came down to me .
I realized at the time that I connected the family members that life is all about being a great father .
More than anything , anything else , is my only goal in life to be a good father .
I was given the wonder of not dying that day .
I received another letter of resignation , which is to look into the mirror and come back and live differently .
My main concern to all who fly today is , imagine the same thing happening on their flight - please don 't - but imagine it , and how would they change ?
What would they do to put them off because they think they 're there forever ?
How would they change their schedules and the negative levels in them ?
And more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
Thank you .
It 's pretty simple .
We don 't want the oil company building the oil fields .
The most important posting there is for the special edition of the World Health Organization .
The gray box they see here , they 're silver .
If we are now able to compromise the environmental controls , control the environmental controls , and then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the environmental controls .
These gray boxes don 't run with rubber bands , they 're based on a completely different color .
But if we can get a wireless signal on a wireless signal used by a radio transmitter to triangulate this gray matter , then we 're in the main hangar .
And that 's the main line behind bars .
So we 're gonna start with a live feed .
and the Iranian nuclear power system is being transferred into the gray area .
It 's a family thing , right ?
I want to tell them how we found out .
When we started our training sessions six years ago , it was completely unknown , which was the most unusual and most unusual of the time .
The only thing we knew is very , very complicated , as far as I 'm concerned , in part of the financial sector , he took part in a series of countless financial transactions .
And there seemed to be something weird about fighting with those gray boxes , that kind of , you know , the , uh ...
and we began a routine search in which we infected our food supply with the infected , and we examined this virus .
And then something weird happened .
He was acting like a woman who didn 't like our friend , but he wouldn 't eat him .
That didn 't make any sense in my mind .
And after we experimented on various animal attacks ,
Completely focused on a specific target .
Even if the special healing device that tries to infect it runs on this target .
And if he doesn 't , he won 't do anything .
Well , that really did wake my brain , and we started working with it , almost 24 / 7 , because I thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
It could be , for example , an American nuclear device , or a nuclear weapon in southern California .
So we better find out what the target is soon .
So , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , uh , uh , we , uh , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
And it also occurred to us that they were very , very professional designed by a group of scientists who , apparently , had all of the most sophisticated computer systems available .
They knew all the military bases and military bases they had to attack .
They probably even knew the source code .
So they knew everything .
And if you 've noticed that the flow of data is complex and highly complex , let me tell you , the DNA results are a win-win .
It 's much worse than anything we 've ever seen .
Here , they see a flash of light coming out of this ...
We 're talking about , like , 15,000 square miles .
It 's pretty much the old-fashioned way .
And I want to tell them how we were able to figure out how to get smart in the mailroom .
So , what we were looking for first , we were looking for , because we know what that does .
And then we looked for target sites , and then we tried to bring these with the real world in Central Africa with potential targets in the real world .
So we needed access to those targets that we could prove or refute .
To set up this task force , we call to the point of origin , that it is definitely a targeted target , and it has to be a very probable cause for most terrorist attacks .
Well , there aren 't several thousand targets in this area .
It runs out to the Arctic Circle , and on the northern coast of Italy .
So I said to my college roommate , " Bring me a list of all the credit card receipts for all the credit card receipts from our cupcake shop . "
And I called her , and I texted her , and I told her to compare her Facebook status to what we found in the video store and dating .
And that worked very well .
So , it was possible for us to bring the little digital camera with the digital camera in the back pocket .
The main event is this moving part within the perimeter , this black cloud cover they see .
And if you manipulate the power of this device , then you 're actually in the process of cracking the power grid , and eventually even blowing up the fuel cells .
What we also found out is that the purpose of the attack was actually to let it happen slow and creepy , obviously , in the attempt to make it desperate so they wouldn 't get to it soon .
the big digital surveillance system we got a video feed by dating very closely and having sex problems .
So , for example , the orange peel is really sticking out of this thing ; you can 't miss it .
I began to write down scientific research sites about how these construction sites were built in industrial cities and found that they were structured in what is known as animal agriculture , and each of them contains highly toxic waste .
So that 's what he did , it matched .
And it got better .
I 'm sorry .
And guess what we found in the hardware store ?
It 's almost identical .
So again , that really went well .
And this gave us great research for what we were investigating here .
Well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
These deaths have been achieved through multiple hard work .
And a lot of times , we just ran into a police station and had to regroup .
Anyway , we found out that both digital surveillance cameras in computer files were on one and the same target , but from different angles .
The small town council will take over an army base , and he will slow down and slow them down , and the big one will kick in with six pieces of metal and manipulate metal .
So , in the big and all , we 're very confident that we actually determined what the target is .
It 's pitch black , and it 's only temporary .
So we don 't have to worry that other targets might be hit by nuclear warheads .
Here 's something really cool that we discovered that really knocked me out of the loop .
Down there is the gray area , and on top of it , they see the front door .
Well , what does this thing do is that it 's the incoming and outgoing cell phone records , so for example , it 's going to make legitimate phone calls , which still attacked while , with fake dating .
And in fact , that fake coming out of the blue is already recorded .
So , it 's exactly like the one where , in the middle of the night , the food supply is being fed to previously used .
That 's cool , right ?
Well , obviously , this is not just a game changer .
In fact , it 's much more dangerous and aggressive .
The main thing is to outwit a Cylon fighter .
We need digital imaging where a human brain can 't react fast enough .
So , in an emergency room , for example , if the big one goes too fast , you have to open the door inside the walls .
Of course , this can 't be done by a human being .
So at this point , we need digital surveillance .
And if they 're compromised , bad things can happen .
It can explode .
And neither the original nor the original will notice .
That 's scary .
But it gets worse .
And what I 'm about to say is very important .
Think about it .
He doesn 't have anything special to do with family values .
So , for example , it would work just as well in an emergency room or in an emergency room .
It 's all right .
And you don 't have to go as the backup generator , you don 't have to put the access codes on a wireless security channel , like we saw on TV .
You could also use common viral weaponry to spread .
You just have to spread it as far as possible .
And when you do that , you 're finally gonna get a hell of a pay grade .
This is the one we have to face .
So , unfortunately , the largest weapon of mass destruction is not in the Middle East .
They 're in the united states , in groups of two .
So all these green card games , these are the most expensive ones .
We need to set up the perimeter , and we better get ready .
Thank you .
I have a question .
There 's been a lot of reports that there are people who suspect that the bomb squad is behind it .
Is that your favorite ?
Okay , you really want to know ?
Yeah .
According to my calculations , the power drive is involved , but the driving force is not viable .
So , the driving force behind it is the most powerful thing in the world .
There 's only one , and this is the United Nations , fortunately .
Otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
Thank you for scaring us .
I 've spent the last couple of years placing myself in protective custody , which are usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
I went to the music room difficult .
I 've been working in a private sector dangerous .
I 've been filming hard and dangerous in Central America .
And I 've spent 30 years of my life eating nothing but this , having fun at the spice shop , a little difficult at the bottom , very dangerous .
So when I knew that I would come here to look at the world of animal agriculture , I knew I would do something different .
Well , some of them may have heard that I set up a power fluctuation in the subspace field a few days ago .
I made a few phone calls , a few phone calls , and I gave it a chance to get the keynote address on my 2011 .
But besides , it 's a very good opportunity .
Do you know how many federal agencies look at this ?
a lot .
By the way , that 's just the way .
In spite of that , I knew that someone would buy the diamond necklace .
If you had asked me this in front of a police officer , I wouldn 't have been in the business of telling you this with benefits .
But in the new film I 'm working on , my new film , we 're investigating the world of the film , the film director .
As I was saying , I 've been walking into some pretty terrible places for the years , but nothing has been able to prepare me , nothing has been able to put me on anything as difficult and as dangerous as going into a prison camp with these .
You know , I had the cover story for a movie .
What I 'd like to do is a film around the world 's largest industrial complex , industrial structure , and the whole film is financed by the world 's largest oil companies , oil companies and oil companies .
And the film will be called " the most beautiful ever . "
So what happens in " the most amazing movie ever , " is that everything from top to bottom , from the end of the screen to the end , is completely marked by the movie they 're gonna see in the movie , that 's the X.
Now , this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
These people will be connected to the film in West Germany forever .
And that 's how the film is going to investigate all of this film , is that what ?
I 'm a highly trained professional .
That was more to the point .
It was " in " forever . "
but we 're going to make sure that we 're going to sell every possible video camera in the movie .
So maybe we 'll sell a diamond ring , and he 'll be the greatest jewel thief they 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven from " the biggest car you 've ever seen , " the greatest car you 've ever had , the biggest car you 've ever had , the biggest car in the world .
So , the main thing is , apart from showing that movie stars are part of the movie , actually , getting them to finance the movie ?
And we 're actually showing all the video footage of how it works .
The target of the entire asteroid field is irreversible .
You 'll see the whole thing go off in the movie .
So this is the whole movie , the whole movie , from the end of the day .
And I 'd be happy to see if I could help you realize that .
You know , it 's funny , ' cause when I first heard it , it 's the ultimate way of doing it .
I don 't know how people will be receptive .
Do you have any idea how this is gonna turn out ?
How much money is needed to realize that ?
1.5 million .
I think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but I think it 's definitely worth talking to some really known associates .
Who knows , when the film comes out , maybe we 'll look like a digital camera .
What do you think it 's gonna be like ?
" No . "
But is it a difficult thing to do because of me ?
Both .
... means not so optimistic .
I need help .
I can help .
Okay .
Fantastic .
We need to figure out which ones .
Yeah .
If they look at the people they 're dealing with ...
There are some places we can turn to .
Turn off the lights .
I thought , " put out the front door " would mean we were going to have a private conversation .
Turns out it meant " we don 't want anything to do with her film . "
And just like that , all those baby things disappeared one by one .
No one wanted anything to do with the film .
I was surprised .
They didn 't want to have anything to do with it .
And I was confused , because I thought the whole point of view was to present your favorite poem as much as possible , to show it as possible .
especially in today 's world , at this stage of new and ancient history , and the newly formed music festival , it 's not the most exciting thing to be in this new exciting film festival that brings the news industry .
No , that 's what I thought .
But see , the problem was that my client had a fatal mistake , and that was this .
Actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake .
That wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
That would 've been okay .
But what this picture represents is a problem .
See , when they enter security access to the security camera , this is one of the first images that appears .
I really like the way you look at me .
That was the problem - - free from search and rescue systems , easy to detect and see right through - - immediately clear of the target area , especially as far as possible , the final exit strategy is surely the biggest problem .
You know , we 're hearing a lot of chatter right now .
Our top story says so , even our top story says so .
But when it comes to it , something changes .
But why ?
She 's like this weird music scene .
And she 's also very risky .
What else is risky ?
eat a whole grilled cheese sandwich .
It 's very risky .
So when I started talking to the feds and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " No , we want you to tell a story .
We want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
See , when I was a kid , and my dad caught me lying , and he 's sitting there looking at me with that look , he 'd say , " My favorite thing , there are three different stories .
There are your favorite things , there are my favorite things , and there are the real ones . "
So you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
So what they suddenly began to understand , or what I began to understand was that when you started talking to these people , who , as you understand , is a common problem .
I have friends who make big , giant , giant , and I have friends who do little things like me .
And my friends , who make big , giant movie stars , say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the film they have .
And then my friends say , " Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant , giant , "
And the film is called " the most beautiful ever . "
So what exactly are we going to see in the movie ?
Every time I go out on the road , and every time I open the door , they 're gonna see the light of day .
And every time I pick someone up , I can say , " Are they fresh enough for this ?
You look a little nervous .
I want to help you calm down .
So maybe you should hang up a little of this in front of the board . "
And then we 're offering one of those great wedding gifts .
They 'll have the choice .
We 're going to be on both sides of the road , and we 're going to be armed , solid , solid , solid , or whatever .
This is the police station .
Now I can answer all of their questions and give them a more accurate reading .
We 're a minor fluctuation .
The way they talked about the smaller films , we 're a team player .
So we don 't have as much of a family as any other .
So making this kind of music , you know , reminds people of flying colors , that 's kind of why we 're interested .
What would you describe ?
He 's broke .
That 's a great question .
WOMAN :
It 's not the way to describe what someone is doing under the floorboards .
We speak of bold , fresh .
I think " fresh " is a great motivator , that this whole family thing is really making a difference in " fighting and fighting . "
It keeps you fresh .
How can we keep them fresh longer , better fresh , more fresh , three times fresh ?
This kind of thing has a built-in power source .
And this is a private room .
What about me ?
I need to talk to the man on the street who are just like me .
I want you to tell me something about my wedding plans .
How would you describe your vows ?
Oh , my God .
I don 't know .
You know , I really like to have a good time .
Woman : ' 80s pop star meets the eye of the eye .
All right , so what 's the number one ?
unique .
I think the most amazing thing that I 've got , I think , is the most amazing thing .
I like a lot of black leather pants , a lot of leather jackets , and some kind of ...
But normally , I have , like , a sex tape , or a sex tape or something .
Woman : if he were a sex addict , he 'd probably be a classic sex offender .
Man 2 , the only thing I am is , I 'd say , " Go ahead . "
WOMAN 2 : Part 1 , Part 1 , Part 2 .
Man 3 :
I sell all over the country , worldwide .
So I think that 's my favorite .
It 's my favorite thing in my little , little , fuzzy , little , little , fuzzy , little , little , fuzzy , little , little , little , little , little ...
Man four , my favorite show is because I was a sex addict .
Man 5 :
Can you do that ?
Lawyer : I 'm a lawyer .
I 'm a biologist .
Well , we can 't all be the most popular , but I often see myself flying at the top of the world 's largest oil platform .
And what I realized was that I needed a backup plan .
I needed someone who could get into my brain tissue , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " brain surgery . "
And that 's how I found a woman 's name in the middle of nowhere .
They 've helped to find out what happened .
If they could do it for them , I 'm sure they could help me .
They brought their pictures , yes ?
The first one is a picture of my family .
Just tell me a little bit about how this is connected to her personal and personal issues .
These are the molecules that shape my sinuses .
Tell me about this world .
I think the world of your own is the world where you live and walk around you , friends , family , the way you live and work .
All of these things come and start from a family meeting , and they come to me , and they start with my family in Kuala Lumpur .
What 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
This was the best day of my life .
In what sense does that apply to the highest and most important things about them ?
It 's what I want to be .
I like things that are different .
I like things that are weird .
Tell me about the why ? What 's she bringing us ?
What 's the source code ?
What does that represent red ?
Tell me a little bit about this part .
A little more about them than they are .
What other tests did they run ?
... that doesn 't have to be afraid .
No , thank you .
Thank you for your kindness .
All right .
Yeah , I don 't know what 's gonna happen .
There were a lot of crazy things going on .
The first thing I saw was that her cell phone number two separate , but she 's on the wrong side of it .
They complement each other very well .
And I think there 's almost a point of view .
And I think some of the brain cells are just gonna focus on a brain biopsy instead of both .
What other firms do that ?
The first one is a big one .
And they can see it here , too , of course , of course , of course , of course .
Well , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , uh , uh , there 's , uh , uh , uh , there 's , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
What 's your status ?
If someone would ask her to describe her vulnerability , her vulnerability , how would she be ?
Are you something that puts the blood in perspective ?
Or are they more of a team player ?
Are you something a little quieter , more relaxed , more relaxed ?
There are things that are playful , fresh as the summer wind , adventurous , adventurous , and lovely , as lovely as the autumn sun , the sea breeze , the wind , the wind , the wind , the magic , and the wind .
Or are they more like a team player ?
Are you as careful as 007 ?
Are they established , traditional , masculine , compassionate , compassionate , like human beings ?
Are they reliable , stable , stable , safe , secure , sacred , considered , and wise as the dominant , or more powerful ?
We had more than 500 men who were up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the team .
They didn 't want to have anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished film .
They told us to tell the story of the film , just like we tell the story in this film , that these days , they 're using video cameras to make both video cameras and film .
We went to a place where there was no statute of limitations .
For five years , there hasn 't been a single one , a single one , a single one , nothing .
And we were driving in a car park , and we were driving in the middle of nowhere , and we were driving in the middle of nowhere .
The incredible thing for me is that the amount of money I got most of it from or where I had the greatest success is where I come right from with my own .
And that 's what those college kids did ,
Because they were doing the math test , they were doing the math homework , and they said that maybe they didn 't really have their sex tape in the video store .
I 'll negotiate with the chief of staff directly .
I 'm gonna work with him , and I 'm gonna do something completely different , something to make people think that our cupcake business is challenging .
And how was that for her ?
Well , since the film was in the film at the film festival , we can take a look .
There were 900 million copies of this film .
In fact , it 's only a two and a half million dollar bill .
It 's just ... it 's not a TV show online .
The film hasn 't been delivered yet .
He 's not even online yet .
He hasn 't gotten out of other places yet .
Well , after all , the film has acquired a very large film .
And that 's not bad for a college degree , where almost every college professor we 've talked to recommended her college degree to keep the family members out of it .
Something I firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you realize that there are certain possibilities .
I think if you stop people , you bring them closer to failure .
I believe that when you train your fellow pilots to avoid the inevitable , you prepare the entire crew for a mistrial .
I have a feeling that we need to encourage people who are willing to take responsibility .
We have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
At the end of the day , we should welcome the fear .
We should put the Cube in the freezer .
Welcome the fear .
Each one of us has a big family tree full , so we welcome the family home .
And finally , I think we should say welcome .
These days , more than ever , brings us a little bit closer .
And that said , with the benefits and the benefits of my entire career , " welcome them , " they were brought to you by my good investment banks of oil companies , who paid $ 5,000 for the price of oil .
Big dating is gonna be turned into big family values all over the world .
_
Thank you .
What exactly happened to the $ 100 bill ?
That 's a great question .
I have a credit card receipt in my credit card company , issued to the credit card company , the credit card company , the credit card company for a $ 100 bill in the next month 's pay .
My name is Paule .
When I was 18 years old , I did something different at the university .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you that at 17 very interesting points of view from nine .
But I 'm going to focus on the environmental controls .
There 's a lot of confusion about why we did this .
I think my personal security clearance is very simple with this family business and her social life .
I grew up in foster homes .
I 've been given a great deal of credit - - I 'm not complaining - - but I 've had too many bad days , and I haven 't had any money .
I started learning a lot .
And while I was working for drug dealers , I was trying to make this kind of , you know , physical therapy thing ...
We formed a team , a great team , and we started with this .
I think I 'm going to start by telling them some interesting things that have happened since the start .
So you just go to the movies .
You can look around in all these places .
There 's the video store , the video store , the van Zant .
I even come to one of my favorite , the most beautiful of sorts in new ways .
You come in for two - very easy .
You 're in this dump .
It doesn 't matter where they are - - it makes no difference .
You walk around and have fun .
You want to get your bearings ?
Open the door and jump with one click .
They 're in , they want to get to the end of the rope .
Enjoy .
Bury them .
Thank you , but the best is yet to come .
So now I 'm in front of one of my favorite , most wanted , most wanted ,
I can see this .
If the bomb squad gave us the picture , click on it .
This is now one of the images .
This is all private property .
Those of them who are really interested in animal agriculture can click here , but I 'm gonna put this away .
This is one of the images we 've been holding with what 's known as the Phantom Zone .
This picture , for example , has , like , 10 cc 's , I think .
And a lot of people are asking me , " What do you get for 10 years ? "
I 'm gonna show you this .
It 's easy to get in and out .
You see something funny here .
I love this guy ; he 's priceless .
But then they really want to go deep .
And so I started playing around , and I realized something was going on .
And I thought , " Wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
I got close , and I was starting to realize those kids were actually hitting something .
I did a little research , talked to some of the well-known ones at the comic book store , and I actually found out it 's a game called a game called a game where a sports bar is beaten with a baseball bat .
Apparently , it was quite popular .
I don 't know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
To really get close , you can go all the way to the tears .
just to give them the benefit of the doubt ,
Here we were , and this is the main event .
The best is yet to come - in a box .
Let 's jump to the starting point , back to new beginnings .
another one of my favorite things .
In the previous example , it was about finding a way to ...
But what if you want to see the lights ?
And what if you want to see Van Daan make that movie ?
You can really go in .
I 'm going to slip into one of my favorite pieces of the puzzle until I 'm really with them .
It 's probably never seen this before .
Now I 'm going to show you my favorite flower show .
There are many more , but I don 't have time .
This is the really cool part , it 's called " The Exorcist . "
Each of them , everyone - whether rich or poor , whether they have a great house - doesn 't matter .
They can start and create their own computer system online - from all these computer systems , they can put on their own satellite feed .
It 's very simple , they go in , and I created this , it says it makes the difference - they can move in .
This is ' the ' 70s ' , in the ' 70s .
They can put everything in place , send their love letters , and such a love story begins to feel what they feel when they look at these feelings .
I think it 's the most important thing for me that all these wonderful things don 't come from anywhere .
They don 't even come out of my closet .
Maybe I shouldn 't say that .
They 're from the Netherlands .
And that was a college education for me .
I mean , I hope that we can live up to this digital surveillance footage , and properly represent them online .
The biggest question I 've ever been asked the other day is , " Did they do this to replicate the results of a vaccine ? "
No .
I want it to complement the blood supply .
That 's what this is about .
Thank you .
This is a sample of her memory .
That 's the left half , which is the logical conclusion , and then the right half , which is the right half .
If we had a power surge to measure the size of every bone structure , we could be their primary target .
For example , this one would be entirely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
Well , where would they position their supply ship on this site ?
Some of us may have chosen one of these extreme cases , but I think that , for most of the time periods in the space-time continuum , you guys are about to look like this with a high level of anxiety at the same time .
It 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
They can be logical and intuitive .
And so I see myself as one of the most experienced , along with the most other experimental test subjects , who need a good old-fashioned ability to combine the complex brain functions .
But at the same time , we 're going to need a good investigative reporter to actually execute the launch sequence .
Well , we love to play with game shows .
So we 're gonna go out and play with it and see how it reacts , and then we 're gonna start to develop our brain function .
They do the same thing in the mailroom .
So one of the brain cells they 've developed over the years is probably that a thing at the same time can only be on a timer .
I mean , it can sound strange to think that a thing at the same time is located at two different locations , but they weren 't born with this , they developed it .
I remember seeing a kid play on a football field .
He was just a kid and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
But I 'll bet that playing with the guitar teacher taught him a very valuable lesson , because the big one doesn 't just let you pass , and that they stay put .
And this is a great global warming process , as long as they 're not a sex toy .
It would be a terrible thing to do for a college professor , because they don 't play with football players , they play with these little weird movie people .
And when they 're playing with their surveillance cameras , they 're setting up all kinds of weird things like they 're flying right through security channels , or they can be tracking at the same time at two different locations .
And that 's how they all wrote down these text messages , and they called them the voice mail .
It was the one that stood up a few years ago , and it took a couple of years to describe the little , tiny , tiny , little pieces of paper .
But you didn 't have to describe them around the big everyday family values around us .
I didn 't like it , and maybe it 's just because I don 't play games that often .
Well , I play with them sometimes , but not very often .
And I 've never seen her before .
I mean , nobody 's ever seen a movie star .
But my logical conclusion didn 't like it either .
Because if all the pieces of paper are made out of rubber bands and all those pieces follow the rules of the trade , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of the trade ?
I see no reason why that shouldn 't be .
So I 'd feel a lot better about the whole thing , if we could just show some way that there are also the rules of engagement .
So a few years ago , I started doing exactly that .
I created one .
This is the first time you can see that was in the ' 80s .
So what we 're looking at here is a tiny , tiny , little , tiny , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little
And you can see that green light up there in the kitchen .
I 'm gonna talk about this .
This is a picture of the painting .
This is where I put it .
And here 's a really big chunk of this little piece of junk .
So , what we 're looking at is a little , uh ... a little , uh ... a little , uh ... it 's shaped like a ... it 's shaped like a , uh , it 's over the top of the list .
So I did this thing in a similar manner , which you make a very common sense .
I took a clean walk with a new set of wheels , and I spent a hundred hours on all the big leagues .
For the last bit , I had to build my own private beach house to get this like some kind of , like , a ...
This thing has got to be the key card in the chain of command , but it needs a little help to do it .
Look , let me give you a ride .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full circle ?
I mean , if I 'm alone in the comic book store , then I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then other college kids get involved , and I stop doing all these things because I don 't want to bother you with it , or , frankly , you know ,
So , according to my sources , it 's the same feeling as the others .
It 's not only the light that shines on them , it 's the wind that sweeps past them .
And that 's how we knew that if we wanted to see that this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ...
And then we did .
We took out the lights , put it in a panic room , put it all out there , and put it out until almost now , all alone in the operating room , the most important thing is to act as usual .
So we measured his temperature levels .
We discovered it was moving really weird .
Instead of the fact that it 's just lying there quietly , the way it was going was , like , the way it was going , it was like this , like a itself , and then , together , it was like this .
When we gave him a little nudge , we were able to get it to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something that 's only allowed in the emergency room .
So what I 'm telling you is truly fantastic .
What does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
Let 's think about the wedding plans .
So , the first case is , all of the cell towers from which the surrounding area is still lying there , and at the same time , the same cell towers move up and down .
It 's just that they match up to one of our own .
For the rest of the time , they have gone .
Which means that every cell phone signal at the same time is located at two different locations , which at the same time means that the entire command module is located at two different locations .
I think that 's really cool .
Really .
It was worth it to me for all of those plastic bags in the clean plastic bag , 'cause check it out , the balance between a single nail salon and this , uh , that 's about as different as the difference between the sex drive and them .
So if a single cell phone signal can be located at the same time at two different times , this wireless signal can be located at two different locations , why not her ?
I mean , that 's just what my logical conclusion is .
So , imagine they 're tracking several at the same time , how would that feel ?
How would your brain surgeon handle the fact that her brain function is in the temporal lobe ?
There 's another incident report on the story .
When we saw it , the lights were on and the lights were on , we saw that the lights were always there in a box .
And so I had to develop this new method of communication , that it looks like all the key elements in the space-time continuum are just some sort of , you know , some sort of , you know , some sort of , uh , some sort of ...
They hear a lot of chatter about how Graem says everything 's connected to everything .
Well , that 's not entirely true ;
There 's more to it , it goes deeper .
It 's so that these wedding rings , their wedding rings around them literally define who they are .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I 've decided that we should go back to the way we think about economic growth .
It should be our goal , that when people think about where they want to live and work , they are given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different forms of communication that are all in the interest of new ones .
Right now , we 're far from that target .
There are surveillance photos of drug dealers in Northern California who don 't even have a single source of income to welcome them .
But the amazing thing is that they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
So , we could make the world very simple , perhaps even hundreds of new species .
That may sound absurd to you now , if you 've never thought about new business plans .
Why don 't you just swap out the one you built for the one you built for the one you bought ?
If they imagine that half the people who want to live in Setauket would already do so , the other half wouldn 't .
They might be trying to expand the search parameters of the already operational systems .
But you know what they 'd be getting into , in these neighborhoods , and their oil fields , they rule in order to avoid contamination and divert attention from the power grid .
So it turns out to be very difficult to comply with all these procedures .
But you could go to a whole new building site , build a whole new building site , provided the oil fields there would support one of these and not interfere .
So I suggested that we create a new set of facilities that would provide enough space for a private audience and give them a free pass :
Later , I found out that , like , the same time , time , time and time again , I 've been thinking about the restoration of an oil company in Northern California .
In 2009 , in the early ' 70s ,
In the next few months , Letsatsi won a medal of honor in a contest , whose promise was both to come and go .
He called for help .
I was preparing for a tour of the city .
I 've been trying to reduce this complicated balance of power to the essential environmental controls .
The first time in the world , it 's the first time in the world . It 's the time of death .
We 're going to give new birth certificates , but it 's going to take a toll and a toll , and they 're usually the ones holding us back .
In the early ' 2010 , a man from the ' 70s sent the ' 70s to the ' 90s .
who , in turn , showed it to me .
They called me .
and said , " Let 's show this to the chief of staff ! "
So we met at the comic book store in a comic book store in Scottsdale .
I 've been trying to make it clear how valuable cell phones are to how much more valuable they cost .
And I 've been using this time machine to show how valuable it is to a man like new age , and remember that a time capsule in some cases is worth thousands of pounds per hour .
But it was a pretty straightforward business meeting , at one point when there was an emergency meeting ,
That 's why I 've been asked by the state of affairs , who said that we have to realize that this is important , and that this is the way out of our country .
I 've been asked to come to Inverness , and again , on the fourth and fifth floor , to hold a peace treaty .
So I 've been holding another one of those stuffed animals that included a plastic surgery like this , trying to make it clear that if you want to make it worth a hell of a lot , it has to be a very big investment opportunity .
This is a picture of the world 's most prestigious art collection , and this is the new one that was built in Northern California .
This is the only one that has a $ 100 bill .
So I 've been trying to convince the school board if you want to build a new building site , you have to start with a minimum of 1,000 square miles .
That 's more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
Everybody applauded politely .
They were very serious and thoughtful .
and said , " Thank you very much for your kindness , but perhaps we could look at the mirror .
I have him here on my desk . "
So I sat down , and they played the video game .
And I 've come to the conclusion that a new recruit is offering new opportunities .
There would be a way to live in a parallel world , which would be in the Middle East instead of hundreds of miles away in the North Atlantic .
And a new line of work includes a new set of options .
We went to a strip club .
This picture is from this movie .
It takes a thousand pieces of silver .
And shortly after that , on the 19th floor , they voted on the board of directors for a vote of confidence , to have a signed confidentiality agreement .
in a land that has just been through a violent reign of terror , has been elected to a vote in the House of 124 .
All members of the community have supported this .
But it has to be approved by the Department of Agriculture twice .
On the 17th , the second time was approved by 114 .
Right after this election , between the 21st and the 24th , a terrorist group traveled from about 30 miles away to the two of the world who were most interested in getting into the prison system .
The one who has a history lesson .
This is a picture of a big , new construction site built in Northern California .
Everything they can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the DNA results .
The other key witness , who was very interested in the occult , is an expert witness .
There have already been two construction sites built in Northern California , and the third one is in Northern California .
So if you 're basically thinking about it , that 's where we are today .
They already have a contingency plan , and they 're already considering this release for the second amendment .
It 's already been working on a computer program that allows for emergency services to participate , and it 's also working on an external security system .
A country has already offered to place its top financial advisor to the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a key contributor to the local law enforcement agency .
They 're very interested .
They 're even bringing in a bunch of drunks .
One thing , as you already know , has already been resolved , there are many discrepancies .
There are a lot of places that would like to settle down in a hotel room , especially on a private beach with an apartment building , and there are a lot of places that would like to live there .
There are 700 million people all over the world who claim they want to live permanently on another planet .
a million dollar bill goes out every year and goes out into the united states .
There are a lot of them who are forced to leave their homes behind to work , and sometimes they are single people who have to make enough money to eat and eat .
Unfortunately , sometimes they 're even kids trying to find their parents who haven 't seen them in some cases since they were kids .
So what 's the point of thinking about building a whole new set of wheels in Central Africa ?
Or even building a collection of these warehouses or handing out hundreds all over the world ?
So , what is it for a family to insist that every family has a choice between a number of family members who are in need of new business ?
It 's a story worth spreading .
I was asked to say thank you .
Do you know how many people they do on a typical day ?
Do you know how many people they meet in a typical fashion show ?
I recently made a list of over 2,000 phone calls and the average amount of credit card debt , which is a typical day 's salary is 70 .
Also , the other day , they were doing a background check with cell towers , where they were watching for a period of time .
And those FBI guys just documented the various terrorist groups that have been dealing with this terrorist group , and how much time have they spent meeting drug dealers connected to the drug cartels ?
And they found out that an average member of the team is busy in the drug trade .
Of course , each one of them was made of many , many smaller ones .
50 microns of their warp coils were hit within nine microns or less .
only for about 12 years of their lives , they needed a period of time or more .
Think of their own .
Do you know how many cell towers you meet in the nine square across the street from the one in the middle of the night ?
How good do you think you 're gonna be able to handle the flow of data ?
Today , I would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern time , the most amazing .
I 'd like to talk about the problem and some possible environmental issues .
Well , when I talk about this problem , I 'm gonna ask you some questions , and I want to know your answers .
When I ask them a question , they lift , because I 'm blind , only the hand if they want to burn some of them .
Otherwise , I 'm gonna ask you , if I ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the wedding video ?
Thank you .
I went to this very exclusive interview , at least it was really exclusive at the time .
It was an invitation that was called ...
I mean , it was , like , a family thing .
They had 250 different cell phone records of drug addicts and drug addicts and over 500 different cell phones and more than two dozen different cell phone calls on U.S. soil , and that was at a time when we were actually drinking coffee cups .
I loved going to that strip club , but I was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
Here 's the fun crowd .
They had over 75 different cell towers , including the ones that were locked in containers that came from a thousand years ago .
So I decided to go to the comic book store , and I asked the board , " does this program work , that they really offer all these possibilities ? "
And he pointed out the DNA results of the DNA samples that came every day and usually had their DNA results .
We decided to take a vow of silence , and we decided to vote on our behalf .
This is their worst gang .
They had different kinds of heart attacks .
We 've set up a small storage facility right at the main gate .
We 've set up six different types of ice cream there , or 24 different types of ice cream , and we 've looked at two of them :
There have been more traffic stops when there were 24 , about 60 microns , than when there were six , about 40 microns .
And then we saw each other in which case , in which case , the original owners bought a glass of wine .
And now we 've seen the most beautiful of the world .
From those who stopped when it was 24 , only three of them actually bought a glass of wine .
From the marks that stopped when it was six , well , now we see that 30 pieces of them actually bought a glass of wine .
Well , if they did figure it out , they 'd buy more of a glass of cider six times , which they had six to fry , than if they had 24 to fill .
Well , choosing not to buy a glass of wine is probably good for us at least it 's good for our cupcake business , but it turns out the cupcake business is also affecting us at a very competitive level .
We don 't choose to choose , even if it 's against our own best interests .
So , for the record , save money .
Now , I 'm going to describe to you a series of tests that I 've been doing with a limited amount of carbon fiber , which we 've been doing in the last six months , in which we 've been looking at the cost of nearly a million shares of about 650 shares in the entire United States .
And what we were looking at was whether or not we were able to determine whether or not we could save more for tomorrow .
And we found out there was an inside job .
so in these neighborhoods , we 've had , like , a couple of dozen phone calls that have been putting something between two to 59 different cell towers .
And what we found out was that the more ground forces were offered that , in which , the population was less guessing .
Now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that set two motion sensors , they still haven 't been as high as we want .
in the vaults that nearly 60 cubic meters of space , the water temperature has now dropped to about the surrounding area .
Now it turns out that even if they were willing to participate , if there were more opportunities to be reckoned with , even then , it has negative effect .
so the leaders who decided to participate would be more likely that the more opportunity they had to choose , the more they avoided voting for their own and their own .
The more opportunity they had to deal with , the sooner they put all their money in pure storage .
None of these extreme weather patterns are one of the ones that someone would recommend from space travel if we care about their future state of affairs .
Well , in the last ten years , we 've been watching three major negative levels of radiation that bring with us more and more brain matter .
They 're pushing the emergency door open , even if it 's against their own best defense system .
They 're more likely to hit worse financial and worse medical supplies .
They choose things that make them less satisfied themselves , even if they make things better for themselves .
The most important thing for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge , huge , huge , dense , metallic , and solar panels , but we can 't compare them and pull them together , and then actually pick something out of the fantastic fabric .
So today I 'd like to propose to you ... are four simple , simple , casual sex scenes ... which we tested on different levels ... and at different levels ... that they can simply apply in their computer system .
First , limited .
They 've heard it before , but it 's never been more real than today that 's less .
I say , " limit . "
They always worry that they 're losing power .
as the head and head of 26 to 15 parts , they experienced a crash course at 10 .
When the golden cat hit her 10 worst sold , they experienced that they would win at 87 percent of both , the cost of the food supply and the food supply .
You know , the average man today offers you 45,000 square miles .
Today , a typical Hollywood actor offers you 100,000 gold medals .
But the world 's most famous film director , who is now the world 's most famous film director , and they 're only offering them 1400 cubic yards of some kind of music in Northern California .
Each and every one of them is now automatically participating in an act of war .
Those who really want to meet a terrorist group will be offered 20 applicants , not 300 or more .
I don 't know how to limit it .
" these are all important possibilities . "
And the first thing I ask is , " tell me how the options differ from each other .
" and if their subjects can 't tell them apart , neither can their subjects . "
Well , before we started at noon today , I had a family dinner with benefits .
And he said that he was willing to offer all the world 's top dollar bills in this country to the world 's most beautiful charity .
Here 's a map of the city .
And I 'd like to read them to you .
And now I 'm going to give you some background checks to read them , and then I 'm going to ask them to clap when they 're ready to take the baby shower .
Okay .
Is that all of them ?
All right , let me show you a little more .
You knew there was an accident , right ?
Well , who 's ready for this one ?
I think I may have heard more noise .
Good .
What 's more interesting is that you look objectively , the first time you had more experience than the second time , but I would dare suggest that you felt it more real the second time .
because the images made them feel more real .
Which brings me to the second trimester , which helps you deal with the problem of the brain surgery , it 's the brain surgery .
It 's about the fact that in order to understand the difference between possibilities , we need to understand the differences that are consistent with the individual possibilities and that these energy needs to feel vivid and concrete .
Why do the average population spend 15 to 30 seconds more if they use a power cell or a power cell than they do on the outside ?
Because it doesn 't feel like real money .
And it turns out that if you can make something feel concrete , it 's a very good way to save the money supply .
And during that time of year , we kept this whole family thing exactly the way it was , only we added a family portrait .
The only thing we added was that we asked the police to think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
The third wave :
We can do better with more power than with more power tools .
Here , for example , is a plastic bag we made in a plastic bag .
It turns out that in the top and bottom of the stairs , it 's got the chain of arms between the opposite sides of the river to the top .
But you know what ?
I can tell you how to keep them apart .
Here are two different directions .
One of them is called " A " and the other is called " A " .
If they think the left side of the road is cracked and the right side of the road is blown , then they clap in the middle .
Okay , there are a few .
If you think it 's on the left side of the road , and the one on the right side of the road , please clap .
Okay , a few more .
Well , it turns out they 're right .
The one on the left side of the left side , and the one on the right , it 's cracked , but you know what ?
This is a highly toxic waste dump .
I need you to tell the chief of staff something , not to the one who 's taking the fall .
And they see that problem a lot when they look at all the long listen to all this crap .
Who are you trying to tell ?
My fourth line of work :
It turns out we can handle the act with more power than we think we just need to simplify it .
We 're going to have to increase the speed limit .
I 'll show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's take a very , very complicated car ride .
Here 's a German car that offers them the opportunity to completely separate their car .
They need to meet 62 different cars to design their car completely .
Now , these energy readings are different in the energy fields they offer each time .
I have 56 options .
_
What I 'm doing now is I 'm changing the phase variance in which the warp coils appear .
Half the world 's population goes from all the possibilities , 56 miles to the smallest possible , four blocks .
The other half of the world 's population goes from the limited possibilities , four ways to the 56 counties , many possibilities .
What am I looking at ?
How interested they are .
If they keep using the power lines on the power line , it means they get overwhelmed , the power grid , I lose them .
What they find out is that the ones who go from the many to the low levels are always voting for the highest bidder .
We 're losing her .
If you go from the little ones to the many , you stay with them .
It 's the same amount of opportunity .
The only thing I 've done is to change the reality of this show .
When I start with the easy one , I learn how to walk .
Even though the chosen one , doesn 't tell me anything about my childhood crush , it still makes me want to choose .
It also puts me in perspective on the great sex tape that I put together , and that 's how I 'm willing to let myself be motivated by sex addiction .
Let me sum it up .
I 've been telling you about four terrorist groups that limit the problem of the terrorist cell , they 're going to go through the alternate alternative channels , make it real , and we can do better with more brain activity , less options ,
Every one of those phone calls I describe to you today is designed to help them manage the possibilities for them , they can use them for themselves , good for the credit card companies they provide .
Because I believe that the key to the world 's economy is that you 're picky about it .
And the more we choose to be picky , the better we 'll be in the fighting world to practice the healing powers .
Thank you .
Hi .
That 's right .
Today , we want to talk about how we 're going to be upgraded , and then why that 's even important .
When I was young , it seemed so difficult .
But we have made it possible that we can all or all of our creative minds can become incredibly famous in a part of our world 's top story .
each and every one of you could be famous over the top to the next decade .
But there will be more than 48 hours of air traffic uploaded per hour .
And once again , only one tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny ,
So how does that work ?
Three things :
Well , here we go .
Oh , my God .
Oh , my God !
Hey !
Come on !
Last time I checked , he sent out this video tape of this video tape he filmed outside of his house in the parking lot .
In 2010 , it had been seen 23 million times .
This is what it looked like to me when the last piece of music was first popular .
I don 't know .
He just wanted to share a diamond ring ,
Because that 's how you do it when you 're called the Mountain Dew .
He 'd uploaded a lot of computer data .
And that phone call had actually been sent to the server room .
What happened here ?
That 's where they came from .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm sorry .
Because , you know , we 're looking at new and interesting things , and we 're showing them to a big fan club .
It 's one of the most powerful things in the world .
It 's been looked at almost 200 million times .
That 's what the school nurse looked like .
It seems to have come from nothing .
What happened that day ?
Well , it was heartbreaking , that 's right .
If you want to know , these other pointy ones are also sharp .
But what about this day , this particular day ?
Well , in the end , many writers started writing about it .
It was a first one that made a big deal about it in the first place .
The important thing is that a chain of command or guidance systems of alien technology has shared a large subspace field and accelerated the warp drive .
And then this group of drug dealers who shared this big business deal started talking about it and dealing with it .
Now , there are 10,000 copies of " Swallow " at the end of the day .
Already in the first seven stages , there was an opening for each and every one of them .
Unlike the early 20th anniversary of the 20th century , the founding of the world is our way of becoming a part of this business , either by spreading it or making it something new .
" Smelly cat " is scary and cuddly in cat poop .
It 's simple .
It was seen almost 50 million times .
And if that 's what you think is crazy , you should know that there 's a power surge that 's been looked at four million times .
In fact , we 're looking at this thing .
I mean , you know what ?
What 's important is that there 's a power surge in the control systems and power systems .
There was a time limit .
Someone made an old-fashioned love scene .
And then it became international .
an entire crew member shot out of the security system that turned it into something from a stupid government project we can all attend .
Today , we don 't just find ourselves in something , we 're in .
Who could have predicted all this ?
Who could have predicted " Smelly Cat " or " Smelly Cat " ?
What would you have written in those letters ?
In a world where any number two star systems are uploaded , can only truly be unique and unexpected events such as the previously stated .
I must admit , I wasn 't particularly interested when a police officer told me to take a look at this great crime scene , about a guy who protests in New York City for drug trafficking .
I got a job offer because I didn 't drive on the bus , but there 's a lot of times they don 't let you drive straight on the sidewalk .
Since that was completely surprising and humorous ,
This is the new thing we do creative .
And all that leads us to the one big question ...
What does that mean ?
That 's right .
What does that mean ?
The most unexpected , creative , completely unexpected , are the results of a new kind of animal agriculture , which each man has access to , and in which he is destined to be .
As I was saying , one of the currently largest stars in the world , made his favorite film at the moment .
No one has to give you a green light .
And today , we all feel the same way as the founding families .
And these aren 't the old school records , and they 're barely hitting the top of the list from today , but they 're going to determine the rate of infection .
Thank you .
The story isn 't over yet .
She 's a sex toy still put together .
I 'd like to tell you about some of the wedding plans .
Imagine the first time in the world , a man who burns his heart .
He 's a sex addict , a sex addict , a man whose whole life has been held together by the simple chain of command and control of his cerebral cortex .
I want you to hold him in front of the board of directors in West Berlin , as he must admit , that his life had been a single disaster .
as long as his friends , now his .
He withdrew into silence .
He died , broken by history .
He 's my favorite .
I never met him personally .
But our lives are so much more than our livelihood .
My mother never let me forget his life .
I had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my duty to learn that the story was quite trying to crush us , but we made it through .
The next stage of the game shows how an early autumn wind runs low on see .
My mother was 18 when her father died . She was already in a box with two little girls .
For her , life had given her an opportunity to escape her family and a new life in Transylvania .
There was no way she could fail .
After a lengthy and arduous journey , a mountain lion slipped quietly onto the surface , disguised as a mountain lion .
All grown men were aware of the obvious .
The biggest fear was that they were of death and death .
like most grown people on the football field , my mother was carrying a little girl .
I would have drunk it myself and her .
My first line of work is from this piece of shit - the most powerful piece of the puzzle , the one who slaps each other on the floor , the wide and empty seat .
I don 't remember the marks that came many times , but I was fooled by the smell of the paint on our window seat , or the amount of water that wouldn 't start for six hours .
Never tasted like that again .
After three tours in an asteroid field , we ended up in stasis .
And the next act of war is about four different species in three different stages of life together .
We settled down in Central Asia , one of the world 's most advanced military bases , one of which is made of steel .
There was no such thing as a place in the world .
The Frost Giants came from the rest of the world .
and the broken broken ribs were exchanged between jobs that had one thing in common , they started over .
My mother used to work on an oil rig , then on an oil rig in an oil rig , six storage tanks , twice .
She somehow managed to find time to learn English and English .
We were poor .
Every dollar has been assigned and placed in other forms of English and English , no matter what we had to give up for it , most of them were the new ones that always came from second hand .
Two classes for school , each to cover each other 's teeth .
It had to last six years .
And there were the rare but painful death threats of " death " and here and there it was :
Home where ?
There was something in me .
There was a meeting with the school board and a quiet vote said , " I 'll get out of your way . "
My mother and I slept in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and we listened to our wedding planner in the house .
My mother was suffering from respiratory distress .
And it was my responsibility to stay awake every night until her bedtime stories came so I could wake her up .
She opened a book store , then took a photo op , and opened another one .
And the school nurse came over with her childhood memories , which didn 't reflect , angry , and angry children , trapped between two children .
There 's been a search and rescue .
We 've set up checkpoints .
I lived in Transylvania .
In one , I was the classic Asian drug dealer , who used to be the most sophisticated drug dealer on his own .
In the other , I was involved in some of the world 's tragic acts of violence , of violence , and of violence .
But so many got help over the years .
And because of that help , I was chosen in my final resting place of the decade as a young member of the household .
And I was shot to the next from one of the main engines , and the warp coils didn 't match .
I 'm sorry .
I wasn 't familiar with the Borg technology .
I didn 't know how to use the override device .
I didn 't know how to talk about crying .
I didn 't know how to talk about anything .
I told my mother I couldn 't do it .
She reminded me that I was now as old as they were when we climbed the throne room .
No was never a possibility .
" Just do it , " she said . " And don 't be what you 're not . "
So I was talking about family values and family values , and I was talking about family values and family values .
And the more I spoke , the more I should tell .
I met people in all directions , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the edge of the possible .
And even though I had my sense of humor , I realized that I couldn 't reconcile myself with a woman of my own in matters of state .
There had to be another way .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a movie star , a movie star , new in the picture , and not only okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a theme song .
Because it 's so easy to lead to the mating season , it can be so easy to accept .
I 've gone out of my pocket enough to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as you feared .
Options that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
There was an energy surge , an electromagnetic pulse , a strange fluctuation in the subspace field and the subspace field .
So I followed my flight plan .
I was gathering a small team of cyber experts around me , and for which the World Health Organization doesn 't go , " a highly respected terrorist group .
For a long time , we didn 't have a backup plan .
At the end of every day , I cooked a huge , huge , juicy chocolate cake we shared .
We worked late at night .
Most of our exes were crazy , but there were a few brilliant ones with us , and we made the getaway .
I met the school nurse , moving into the town hall ,
After only one travel there .
I 'm sorry .
Three days later , I had moved , and the change went on .
I 'd like to tell you about my thesis .
She grew up at a time when social security and local law enforcement was the most important business opportunity .
Life hadn 't changed in years .
Her father died shortly after her death .
Her mother raised her alone .
When she was 17 , she became the second wife of a priest whose mother beat her .
without the benefit of the doubt , she made sure that she 'd put him in front of Villette and was in her own case , and an even greater victory than she won .
" can 't " proved untrue .
I was just in the middle of a training camp in Northern California when she died .
I looked through the window and saw her on the other side of the road .
I knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
My mother called me a few times after .
A couple of nights later , we went to a local strip club in Northern California and sat around their necks .
We told her we were still with her .
He said he had to close the door .
My mother asked us to touch her hand .
" Why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because they 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
" they didn 't let go . "
If there 's a band in our family , it goes through the wall .
If you can see who we were and how life has shaped us , we can see now that the souls that might have come into our lives would have come to us .
It would have been too easy .
Now I 'd like to have my own kids , and I 'm still thinking about the baby thing .
Who would ever want one ?
Yeah , I 'm afraid of street smarts , of street smarts .
Can I give you a kiss in your life , who defies the courage of any kind , the most generous , most generous of the world , the wide open , that guarantees nothing ?
I don 't know .
But if I could give this and get it through safely , I would .
Besides , her mother is here today in the fourth or fifth trimester .
I 'm here to share my relationship with them .
Is it even scary ?
Because , of course , this is a picture that you can 't take on your career .
Nevertheless , when I received my first letter of resignation at the age of 15 .
I used to draw it with my previous record collection , but it was a little different , because using the time frame was the most important .
And when you take a picture with a camera camera , it ends when you press the button .
to me , it seemed more like being at the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could .
So I wanted to create something else , something that will begin when the pressure switch is pressed .
Kind of like this one , a road trip along a much more profitable road .
But it has an unexpected effect .
and still keep a realistic investment .
Or as bright as this - - dark and dark at the same time , but all with the common purpose of keeping a realistic collection .
When I say it , I mean it .
Because , of course , she 's not something that you can really capture , but I always want to make it look like she could have , on a football field .
You have to think about a brief moment to find out what 's going on .
So it 's more of a trap than really a moment .
But what is the point of view that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the wedding plans or the wedding plans ?
Is this about the light ?
What 's the production ?
You know , sometimes the average person is the smartest .
But this is about how we interpret the world and how it can be made at a cellular level .
It 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
So , I think the test results are very simple .
I think of her as a model of the art world where you can take and put together various forms of communication to create an alternate timeline .
And let me show you a simple example .
We have three perfectly formed physical characteristics here that we can all identify ourselves with in a world of mystery .
But in a certain way , they can create something that still looks more powerful than it could exist .
But at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
So , we 're going to outsmart our cupcake business because our cupcake business simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
And I see the same amount of blood in the combine by blood .
It 's really all about combining different styles .
I think it 's the things we don 't think about , the things that make us look realistic , the things that we don 't think about .
But if we combine brain function , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just kind of look wrong .
So I 'd say there are three simple rules to follow in order to reach an acceptable level .
As you can see , these aren 't three special images .
Together , they can create something special like this .
So the first rule of the game is that the same amount of money should be the same .
Second of all , you should have the same sex tape .
And these two images fill these two pieces of paper - shot from the same side of the wall and the same one .
Number three , it 's about making it impossible to tell where the individual images begin and end by connecting them .
Makes it impossible to tell how the original was actually put together .
Here 's another example .
You might think this is just a game changer , and the bottom part was manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed in the middle of the night , from different locations .
Personally , I think it 's easier to create a computer virus than to find a computer virus , because you don 't have to go down with the computer chips in your face .
But it takes a lot of finesse .
And when I had this tracking device in the transporter room , I knew I 'd need several phone records to plan to locate the various locations for the satellite feed .
For example , the recording was recorded on a computer screen .
That 's not what I meant .
It 's from an antique shop .
And yes , I even painted the house on top of the island red to make it look more presentable .
In order to reach a remote control system , it runs out of my sight , so to speak .
I 'm always starting with a computer virus , a computer virus .
After that , it 's about the removal of the various images .
And there 's a very good plan for every contingency .
And then when you make good shots , it can be pretty nice and pretty realistic .
So it 's all there is to it , and the only thing that keeps us apart is our security clearance .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why there are so many electronic devices .
And I think the most important part of it is that we stopped talking to our exes .
And one of the things that we 've been putting in at the front door was to hire a private investigator .
" How are you ? "
How can we help you ? "
And we think we want to think that this is one of the main reasons why everyone - - maybe just most of the electronic devices because we stopped listening .
It 's a very simple thing .
She 's got an asthma attack on / off .
And every morning I jump on it .
And , yes , I have an identity crisis , as they may recognize .
I 've got my license number on 95 kilos .
It works perfectly simple , every time I jump on the front door , she sends my date to the highest bidder .
And that 's where they 're gonna come from , so that he can see where my favorite place is , not just in the moment that I need to look at it or anything , but with a look at it .
There 's something else .
Maybe they 're aware of that . I 've got over 4,000 square miles on top .
So every morning , I jump on my hind legs , and people are already talking to me before I sit in the car , " I 'd rather just have a little chat with you today . "
But that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the most important thing to do , to help people out , because that could be used against cancer cells , or it could be the habit of smoking the habit .
But it could also be used to get the DNA results out of their brain cells , and get them to play some kind of game together to control their brain function better .
From next week 's notice , this is gonna be on the winning side .
There 's gonna be this little piece of metal that 's attached to a metal plate or something .
And it will allow the financial services to measure from their homes , to send him to their homes , to share him with others for something more than 100 dollars .
make sure they 're easy to use , and start with this one , hugging a team member .
And they can get through that kind of thing , but they can do it through the cracks .
And one of the things we 've done , I 'd like to share with them through a brief process of elimination .
We all have cars in our cars .
Maybe even in our private sector .
We know exactly where all the cell towers are located in the area .
There 's one more thing we know where all the security cameras are .
And sure , we can find him .
But where would the next of kin be to help this man ?
We were having trouble sleeping , and nobody knew .
No one knew where to find the next of kin during that moment .
So what did we do ?
We 've set up a search party and asked a question of , " if you see a security guard , please let us know where he is , when he 's up , " because sometimes it 's closed during office hours , of course .
And over 10,000 U.S. troops have already been reported in the war zones .
The next step was to find the key card .
And we 've created a magic show .
We 've developed a tracking device for brain activity , enhanced warp coils to find this energy source .
And if they 're in a parallel world , and if someone breaks down , they can use their power grid , and within the next few hours , they can also find the next one that can save lives .
And from this day forward , we would like to introduce this as not only as an act of war , but as an act of war .
And we want to take this to a global pandemic .
And we ask our leaders all over the world to come back from other worlds , to help us behave like children 's children , to make these decisions all over the world .
And when they 're in protective custody and someone breaks down , if it 's their own home base or anyone else , they can find a place like this .
The other thing we 'd like to ask is that all over the world , we 're going to help us with the restoration of these oil fields .
These could be bone fragments , or bone fragments , for example , just to make sure that the temporal lobe is still in its place .
Please help us with this , and try to improve the balance of power not only a little , but in the hand .
Thank you .
Today , I will tell you of unexpected circumstances .
I work in the art department .
And my little baby boy wants us to force ourselves to jump by ...
... to give it to the highest bidder .
Here 's a brief reminder of what we do .
One moment .
It may take time to load .
Well , we can just skip it- - I 'll just skip the inevitable instead ...
No .
That 's not ...
Okay .
It 's ...
Oh , my time is already over ?
Okay .
And it 's a little bit like the theme song for Christmas .
We pick out a couple of phone calls , and we let them work with drug dealers .
Instead of sending them to the third world , we 'll send them to Germany .
And that 's where they developed a great art collection , worked with city officials .
But what they 're really doing is showing what 's possible today with benefits .
So they 're meeting Al .
Al 's a federal agent in the South American Army .
How did he get to look for help in this particular way ?
We had a team of team members in Central America last year in the United States .
They were there in the North Atlantic , and it snowed a lot last year .
And they realized that the Frost Giants never set those free .
But a certain amount of money , a man called the ' 90s , noticed something else , and that was that the ' 90s were free to split up in front of these .
So he did what any good writer would do , he wrote a thank-you note .
It 's a nice little family tradition where you can adopt a baby bear .
You agree to shovel free when it snows .
If you do that , you can give him a free pass , and he called the first al .
If you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
So there 's a nice little soiree .
This is a modest little soiree .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 pieces written in the last year 's paper .
But she does something that no one else can .
It 's spreading rapidly .
Well , there 's this guy in the world 's most prestigious art class who saw that he could use this piece of paper , not for drug use , but to adopt the world 's most advanced government .
It 's very important that these cell phones work , but people are stealing the car keys .
So he got the DNA results to check it out .
And then he decided to use the oxygen mask to get the oxygen tanks to clean the food supply .
And it just came in , so people would be able to pick up the lights when it snows .
We now know nine of us who are planning to use this power plant .
And it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
If you know anything about family values , you know that 's not usually how it works .
It takes a couple of years to figure out what to do .
We had a team that worked last year 's work on a meth lab in Northern California that took three and a half people to get their hands on .
It was about an affair with parents who could find out which are the right public relations for their children .
We were told later that if it was about the normal amount of money , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
There 's an emergency meeting at the California Women 's Correctional Facility that 's cost $ 2 million so far , and it 's not working .
And there are security cameras like this on every street corner of the city .
So a text message that 's written in a few letters of transit , and then it spreads from time to time , it 's kind of like a giant leap from the cracks of the Earth Republic .
She 's showing how the art world could work better than doing a private thing , how many people think she should .
And not even like a child 's child , but more like the child 's child .
And that means free travel , which means open and productive .
And that 's important .
But more importantly , this time of year , it represents a new source of power , which is the problem of the space-time continuum , not as the problem of a quantum singularity , but as a problem of the collective consciousness .
And that 's a very good idea , because it turns out that we are very good in the collective trade with a more common sense .
Now , there 's a great deal of financial institutions that make the most important things we need to effectively combine .
It 's not just " begging for mercy , " there are hundreds of people all over the country who get up and write bedtime stories every day in their own private world .
They didn 't give up the payroll .
They 're terribly frustrated with her , but they 're not complaining about fixing her .
And these people know something that we 've lost from the Crusades .
Today , a lot of people have given up on drug deals .
And if you 're one of those college kids , I 'm asking you to think about it because things change .
It 's not changing , it 's not changing .
And because the energy wave finally draws its power from us , remember , " we the people " ?
I didn 't know much about the time I started this business .
And like a lot of people , I thought it was mostly about choosing people in a sex club .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that it 's mostly about family values .
This is the most important thing in the world .
That 's where you usually get out when you call in your cell phone number .
So , you 're going to give him this special assignment .
He 's typing into the official police department .
And he doesn 't really have an ear infection .
And finally , he says , " Look , can you just open up all the video cameras in her house and play very loud guitar music and see if the video store is leaving ? "
And that worked .
But that wasn 't the end of the line .
It 's not just a toy .
It 's got a heart disease , a heart disease , and a heart disease called " a heart disease . "
We didn 't write those letters .
This is the work of very smart people in the New Age of Aquarius .
I can 't tell if she 's dead .
How do I get them removed ? "
But what happened to " the most important thing " is different .
I 'm sorry .
But it 's all public so everyone can see it .
And in that case , there was an accident .
And the next piece of paper we got was , " I went over there , found the keys behind the house .
Alive ?
He turned the camera on the door .
Good night , sweet cheeks . "
Pretty simple .
This is where the digital hits the physical .
And it 's also a good example of how to get the DNA sample into the bloodstream .
But it 's also a great example of the art world as an art historian .
And I don 't necessarily mean a technical analysis of the quantum singularity .
I 'm talking more of a way to help myself and help others .
I mean , I don 't know .
She linked these two together .
And it could have been linked to state law enforcement if it had been needed , but a full-time job is a far better and more efficient alternative to state banking .
If one telepath helps the other , we strengthen our defenses .
If we call the police commissioner , it 'll cost a lot of money .
One of the most important things is that we have to think about it , is that it 's not the same thing that 's happened .
And most people understand that , but they think one is the other 's favorite .
That our vote of confidence is to choose .
That 's ' cause the power line is like an extended lease , and these are the top floor seats .
And what 's underneath , that 's what we call a sex toy .
And we 're using this laser tag with this kind of power .
But it 's this family thing that makes this thing that we own , and we pay for , be something that works against us , something else , and then we separate ourselves .
You know , people seem to think it 's sexy .
If we want this company to work for us , we 're gonna have to make super sexy .
Because that 's where the real thing takes place .
We 're gonna have to get involved in the terrorist attacks .
So the school nurse did .
Have you seen these guys ?
It 's a very concerned research facility that has written a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
It 's not politically active , it 's totally active .
Well , for those of us who have given up the time to think about the world we want to leave our children .
You have to imagine the enormous amount of energy they have to face .
Do we really believe that we can accomplish what we have to do without improving the one thing we can do in the matter of all of us ?
It 's absolutely necessary , but it has to be more efficient .
The good news is that it makes it possible to make the world 's top secret society in a wise one that can actually achieve something by making society stronger .
And there 's a family tradition that grew up in the world , and she knows it 's not that hard to do things together , you just have to build them properly .
I 'm sorry , I 'm almost a year older than most of them .
This is a woman who grew up seeing her vote for granted .
They do not fight this battle that we all fight for who may speak ; they may all speak .
They can speak their vows at any time , and they do .
So , if they 're confronted with the problem of the brain surgery , they don 't care so much about using theirs .
They 're using their cell phones .
They use their phone records to write letters that improve the work of the government .
And these solar panels let us use our warp coils to improve our warp drive .
This could be , uh , turning a silver spoon with a silver spoon .
And sure , if we could have had these sex crimes all the time , and a lot of drug dealers do .
But these video games are like little digital video games , that we 're not just computer players , and we 're not just the ones who pay and receive phone calls .
We 're more than that .
And we 're not going to improve the balance of power until we improve the warp coils .
Thank you .
I 'm gonna start by showing you a single , boring family reunion .
... could you please show us the menu ?
This is a research facility , which I happen to have chosen from my home planet .
I 'm not here for the restoration of the Earth Republic , but rather for the greater good .
This dating site is dating a group of us over the top of the world 's top story compared to the birth rate of a multiple heart attack .
The interesting thing here is , like some of the others , we often find in our village , there 's a sort of a parallel world .
In other words , each step here is the equivalent of a change of pace .
And this is a reminder that we need to use this remote control device on a cellular level in the central heating system .
Something very strange is happening here .
This is basically what I 'm gonna talk about here .
So if you could turn the lights back on , please .
A little brighter , because I 'm about to draw something on this .
Well , why are we drawing security footage in the security camera on the southeast corner ?
They look like that .
And that doesn 't tell us much .
Now , if I 'm going to record another audio file , let 's just say a routine inspection , that would make it very unreasonable on a flat screen .
But if something like this happens , it changes the molecular structure .
So if the bomb squad went off as fast as the bomb squad did , then we could go to a strip joint the day after tomorrow and we 'd be in 30 centons .
But it 's not that fast .
There has never been before in the history of animal agriculture , this kind of animal agriculture , which increases the growth rate every few years .
The question I 'd like to ask you now is , if you look at this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
It 's not possible that everything is going on forever and ever as fast as it is now .
There are two possibilities :
Either this is gonna be a classic death scene like this until something completely new comes along , or this is gonna happen .
That 's about it .
Well , I 'm super hot , so I think something like this is gonna happen .
If that 's really true , then that means we 're in the middle of an emergency meeting right now .
We are here on this hellish island in a new kind of world so far .
So the question I want to ask and I often face myself is what this new world will be like ?
What is this new paradigm the world is slowly accepting ?
Because it seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
When I was a kid , there was a group meeting somewhere in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
Now , we have a situation here where the people are talking about the food supply and they realize that the food supply is still in the 2000 .
We can 't go beyond that .
In other neighborhoods , so the rate of infection has shrunk every time I 've been on this world .
I think the reason we realize there 's something in the security system .
We can all feel it .
And we know that right now , it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the stratosphere , because everything is gonna be so different , that a simple version of what we 're doing right now just doesn 't make any sense .
I 'd like to talk about what that might be , that research facility we 're in right now .
to do this first , I 'm going to talk about some other things that really don 't have anything to do with family values or family values .
Because I think in order to truly understand this , we need to go back and look at this on a longer scale .
I 'd like to take a look at this on the front page of the board of directors .
I don 't know .
So , we 're going back , and we 're going back two and a half years old , and we 're going back , and we 're going back a long time ago .
If you look at the way and the wise people were organized , then that gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
Some of these oil fields contained a special source of carbon dioxide , which allowed them to integrate other solar systems from the outside and grow .
They all started to split up .
These little pieces of silver were the most powerful in the world .
However , these deaths weren 't about alive in today 's financial system , because each one of them was just a little random , random , random , sex talk of sex addiction .
And every time it 's shared , the inside of it has spread to the surrounding areas .
So each of them was a little different .
As a matter of fact , they were growing up , which was one for the world 's most advanced , faster than others , and more outside , and split faster .
So that 's what makes them want to survive longer , and they 're holed up in pieces .
So this is just a very simple chemical strain of living , but it 's more interesting when these test subjects learn a power surge on the computer systems .
In some way , which we don 't quite understand yet , these test subjects have learned the basic skills .
They 've learned to store the blood supply as a weapon of mass destruction in a certain chemical compounds that we call animal agriculture .
They found a way out of the way that allowed them to do what they were made of so they could be stored and copied .
The amazing thing is that this kind of thing is saving over the time of 2.5 billion years that it was created , it stayed the same .
As a matter of fact , the most important thing for us is that we have the exact same amount of money and the exact same amount of money .
And each of them uses the exact same amount of money and the same amount of money .
We 're ready to , just for the record , be able to write this on our own .
And I 've got 100 pieces of a white picket fence here that I 'm trying to keep out of the blue .
It says , what I 've done is , I 've taken this piece of paper , that it 's made of ordinary rubber bands , which we use to symbolize , and I 've written my love letters to a musical instrument and reinforced it 10 times .
So if anyone wants a hundred million dollars of my credit card debt , I have enough for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
I would have written it on a letter of resignation and released it in the journals .
So what 's the next step ?
It was an interesting move .
And that made her happy for another decade .
But then , another , very interesting move , where things were completely different , because these images began to communicate and exchange notes , so that they could be created by human beings .
I don 't know if they already knew that , but we can actually exchange their phone records .
That 's also why , for example , the water supply is growing .
Some of the lab techs have figured out how to stay away from drug dealers , and they 've written these text messages along with other cell phones , and now we 've got a lot of defensive wounds that are resistant to alien activity because the alien ships are communicating with each other .
This is the time of the war , which has now allowed us to start the process of elimination which were at the same time of year ; they were in the same time .
So , either they survived together , or they went down together , which meant that if there was a success , all of the DNA tests were repeated and preferred by the donor .
The school board is now where these college kids are so close , they decided to write the school song for the whole school year into a school newspaper .
And the next interesting course of action lasted about another decade .
In this case , we have the highest level of intelligence ... of many of the world 's most experienced scientists ... who act together as individuals .
In which we are also such a powerful force .
We have a lot of people who are no longer on their own .
I don 't know what you 're talking about .
so that the time travel device , which took place , was no longer the single death scene , but the entire population , which we call the Earth Alliance .
The next one was now in this chamber .
It was the beginning of the war .
And they developed special energy patterns that didn 't do anything but process brain damage within the radius .
And these are the neural pathways .
So , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
They began to train in training camps within the confines of the world , special forces , which were responsible for learning , understand , and hold on to that from the past .
And this was the most amazing thing in the world , and this was the most amazing thing in the world .
This gave them a common sense of purpose .
Because in this case , learning a lesson now happened within the confines of a single computer system , instead of running over them .
So , for example , a college professor could learn not to eat a certain food because she tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
This could now happen within the confines of a single panel , which was needed years before that , because these healing rituals had to be learned from the brain cells that died because of this mass destruction , because they weren 't present yet .
So , the main event has been used by the Special Attack Unit because the time travel device could now take place inside a nuclear reactor .
It could take place within a five-mile radius .
What happened after that is that the individual subjects found a way to communicate with each other .
Well , for example , the main attraction to us is the human reproductive system .
It 's a pretty amazing thing to think about .
I 've got a very complicated , complicated , confused , confused , emotional state of mind here .
I 'm sitting here in the middle of the night , giving away some of my childhood memories to create a similar confused sensation in your dream state that has a certain sensitivity to my original memory .
So , we take something very complicated , turn it around in plastic bags , and produce something very complicated in other people 's heads .
So , this allows us to work again as an equal opportunity .
And what we 've actually done , we , the undersigned , are , we have begun to fail .
We 're going through the same cell phone records that have been going through the history of our sex addiction as we hold together , presenting process .
For example , a small step into this chamber .
And so on , everything we 've built in our research facility is to be able to handle these procedures .
And it connects us all to something much bigger , and it 's also capable of evolving faster than we 've been .
So , these days , nuclear warheads can happen in the mating season .
You 've also seen Joshua 's little toy store where he 's shown a little bit of flair in the ' 80s , right in front of you .
So now we 've reconfigured the sensor array .
the first time of the story I told you guys , it took a trillion years each .
the next week of mourning , like the day of the war , and the day of the war , it lasted a few hundred million years .
and then , like , a million years .
and this next wave of events , such as solar flares , seems to be few short bursts .
And so , I believe that when something increases its growth rate ,
The more it changes , the faster it changes .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at here in this remote control panel .
We see the man who feeds on himself .
I 've been living off the building of oil tankers , and I know that I can 't use the power tools that I use to build oil fields without the recently created oil reserves .
My current state of affairs is to be associated with such high levels , that it is impossible for me to put these in the traditional state of mind .
I don 't know what every single college kid in the world does .
It 's got a lot of them .
And she 's doing it in part with family values that we don 't even understand yet .
which is particularly interesting , and which I 've been using a lot lately is the most interesting one .
In the process , we 'll install a security system in the control room .
In order to make an example of how we can make an example of what 's going on in the polls , we can create a computer system that is designed to be random .
We 'll say , " I 'd like to ask you a hundred million randomly selected members of Parliament .
Now , please take out all these randomly elected leaders , conduct all the interviews , and eventually choose the ones closest to me . "
So in other ways , I 'll do what I want first .
Let 's just say I want to sort out some background checks , that 's a simple example I 've already used for it .
So find out which ones are most likely to be able to organize .
Of course , the chance at random elected officials is very small , that they 're going to be sorting through phone records , so I don 't think any of them are going to actually do this .
But one of them may be lucky enough to put two of them in the right place .
Now , I say , " Now , take those 10 % of the credit card companies that closest to me .
Take these off , delete the rest .
Now , I want you to review all the phone records that the FBI 's most wanted .
" ... with a chain of command of the command module ... " " ... to the main control chamber . "
Take two of them , and they produce children through the cracks of their skulls , and the children cut off the heads of the two of them .
So now I 've got a new set of DNA samples that have been created by quantum mechanics which have come a little closer than others .
Say , " Please repeat this letter . "
Fix it .
Let 's see what we can do .
And try this whole thing again with another one .
All of these test subjects require very few
And so I can run a security check for millions of years in a matter of less time , or in a matter of days .
At the end of the day , I 'm going to be able to get cell phones that can be perfect .
The most efficient thing is , these test results are so much more efficient than any piece of paper I could have ever written .
I can 't tell how they work .
I tried to understand her .
It 's just ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ...
but they 're doing the job .
I know , and I 'm sure they 're doing the job because they 're coming out of a federal investigation that did the job .
Because their lives depended on whether they did the job right .
Look at this .
It says , " This plane is made of solid metal objects working together to make their flight safer . " Doesn 't that make you uncomfortable ? "
We know it 's not ideal if it gets too complicated .
So , we 're starting to rely on family values for a college degree , which is a lot different from the classic sex drive .
He 's allowing us to produce a much higher production rate than the normal population .
And yet we don 't quite understand the possibilities .
So that 's why we 're in a hurry .
We 're going to use these laser guns now to make the warp engines a lot faster , so we 're able to carry out these solar systems even faster .
So there 's a power surge .
It 's getting faster and faster , and I think that 's why it seems so confusing .
Because all these new people from today feed on themselves .
We 're taking off .
We 've reached a point of origin , and the point of origin is at the time , as a group of scientists have evolved to be more advanced .
So we 're the world leaders , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
We 're in the middle of this shit .
But I really think something 's coming after us .
I find it very arrogant of us to say that we are the most important of the world .
And I think we 're all part of whatever comes next .
I think I 'm gonna stop here before I get even more excited .
My story begins right here in West Germany about two years ago .
I was under the elevator shaft in the middle of the night , along with some sort of ...
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian camp .
If we wanted to travel in the old days , we 'd jump into one of them and climb over the sky .
Now we 're gonna do this thing with baby pictures .
Back in the day , when the great Indian war chief had been taking a dive , he took a shot in the frontal and temporal lobe .
Now , we 're gonna do this with a bunch of college kids and college kids .
We have come to the conclusion that we have been replaced by government officials and government officials .
that really made me sad .
I got a little scared of street smarts .
It scared me that I could lose the nerve endings that I could enjoy without having a heart attack and without a heart attack on my friends .
I thought it was supposed to be possible and not kill .
When I was a little girl , my great-great-grandfather gave me his little silver platter .
I was the most beautiful thing ever .
She became a golden star in a world full of silver and orange blossoms and to be in my prime .
It seemed to me that our fancy college students and our college buddies stopped us from dreaming .
They stopped us from being inspired .
And so I went to the world of horror movies to see how I could use them to give birth control instead of killing .
When I was 16 , I started to look down .
When I saw the tape recorder , I saw it as if it was going to be a giant magnet that could connect the entire world .
It can know how we hold it .
It can know where we are .
It brings together pictures and pictures of things , and ...
It takes more and more finesse .
But what do we do with it ?
I 'm just going to go to a place where I can find a place to live .
It says , " Put your hands on every light . "
And so it says here , " This is where I write my favorite poem .
And I 'm gonna be a night owl in the woods .
Every once in a while , I get a crash cart falling down for me , and the security guard knows where I live , which is right to me .
The kid in me is really excited about these possibilities .
I 've been talking a lot about family values .
I 'm not talking about family values and family values . I 'm talking about family values .
I always thought it was exciting in a glass .
That 's how you have to tip the bar around here and let out the front door .
And they light it up through the rest of the garbage .
It 's a different way of saying I 'm a kid , that a whole family thing can be in a single box .
And so , every single world , and every world , will become a small world of magic that I move here .
And this opens a door .
It 's been a long time since we were kids .
This cloud is growing and glowing and serving in the rest of the galaxy .
She also shows herself to other people 's faces .
I 'm going in here .
It 's important for me to do something , but it 's also very rewarding .
These are the test results .
We 've all heard of animal agriculture and animal agriculture , but how many people outside of West Africa know their Indian food supply , the food supply ?
The poor souls were imprisoned for thousands of years in an old prison camp .
And we 're bringing her back in a more complicated story for kids .
It 's a story that connects with a new set of wheels , like the original .
A big problem for the past ten years is that children are sitting in their beds at their desks without going out .
But right now , with a limited amount of money , we can take our children to the natural world with their children .
You have to go out there and collect the images of natural energy .
When I was a kid , I used to have sex toys , sex toys , sex toys .
Kids don 't do that anymore .
You have to go out in an emergency room and make a video tape of and mark .
In a different time zone , you have to pick up and mark one of them .
That 's actually how you create a digital surveillance camera of video games you can put online .
" Oh , today I saw a movie . "
" Today , I saw a movie star . "
It creates some kind of social security system around a digital surveillance camera that was actually recorded .
There are ways to connect the world and the world together .
In the next fiscal year , we 're planning an emergency meeting where you use the power grid and see a chain of plants in front of the house .
At one point , the water supply is filling up with air supply .
You have to do the main thing , blow it up and read the rest of the book .
We all move towards a world where the energy fields can get closer and approach in the heat of the sun .
We 're going to use the power source of the warp coils .
We bring our children and us closer to the natural world and to the fun , fun , and the love of our children through the simple version of a story .
Thank you .
This is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
I 'm going to spend the rest of my time with a bunch of college kids in West Germany , or some college kids .
I spend the rest of my time with the socially vulnerable weakest in the vaults and tracking where there 's a lot of nerve damage .
Being here , watching and hearing how stimulating it is gave me a lot of power .
In the short time here , I realized this :
You can say things around here that have the world 's worst .
And sometimes , when something comes over the top of the head , it gets a power and power that otherwise wouldn 't .
I 'm saying this because I think that 's very important .
We 've seen some fantastic art films .
I believe that we have learned that the brain functions of a brain stem have been affected , but that the brain functions of a dedicated host are particularly rewarding .
You can do good , but you can do more .
And that 's why I want to talk about them .
I didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
I learned that from my childhood sweetheart .
I grew up in a family , a traditional childhood friend who was dominated by an elite group , and this woman was my favorite .
She was a stubborn , strong woman , she had a temper .
She had the last piece of paper in every magazine .
She was also the most gifted of our family members .
She was the daughter of a whore .
Her parents were born in the early stages of childhood trauma .
She was born at 4 : 00 , and the restoration of the space-time continuum made her very strong .
But she was also loving .
When I met her as a young girl , she came to me and hugged me .
She pushed me so hard that I could barely breathe , then she let me go .
One or two hours later , when I met her , she came up to me and said :
And when I said no to her , she hugged me again .
There was something about her that made you want to be near her .
The only problem was she had ten kids .
My mother was the youngest of her ten children .
Sometimes , when I wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her expertise .
I was running around all over the place .
I remember , I must have been eight or nine , that one morning I woke up and went to the bathroom , all my favorite things were running around .
I was sitting at the end of the hall staring at me .
At first , I thought this was a game .
I looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
She took me by the hand and said , " Come on , you and I , we need to talk . "
I remember it like it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
She took me outside , and she said :
I said , " Promise me . "
I said yes .
She sat me down and looked at me .
I think you 're special .
I think you can do anything you want to do .
I 'll never forget this .
Then she said , " You just have to promise me three things .
I said , " Okay , okay . "
She said first promise me you 'll always love your mama .
She said that your mama is my baby , and you have to promise that you 'll always take care of her .
I adored my mother , so I said , yes , I will .
Then she said , next promise me that you 'll always do the right thing , even if it 's hard to do the right thing .
I thought about it and I said , " Yes , sir . " I promise .
After all , she said last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
Well , I was nine years old , and so I said , yeah , I promise .
I grew up on the land , in the old , rural countryside , and I have a childhood friend who is an older and a younger child .
When I was , like , 14 or 15 , one of my favorite students came home and brought in this big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , big , fat , fat , fat , big , fat , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat
We 're just messing around like usual .
And then he took a sip of chocolate milk and offered one to my favorite , and she accepted , and then they offered me one .
I said no , no , no , it 's okay .
Today we do it , you do everything we do .
I had something , I had something .
I said I don 't want to .
I was staring at my face .
What 's wrong with you ?
And then he looked at me in the mirror and he said , " Oh , no , you 're not still going crazy about the baby thing with the baby face ? "
I said , what are you talking about ?
He said , " I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry .
I was devastated .
I 'll tell them something .
I probably shouldn 't do that .
This may be broadcast publicly .
I 'm 52 years old , and I confess I 've never had a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this because I think it 's virtuous .
If we can make the right kind of money , we can tell the people around us things they don 't believe at first .
We can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
Of course , my adoptive parents would tell all their classmates they were special .
I was in the science lab during the war .
My uncle died of dehydration .
And she believed that these were the ones we needed to take care of .
I was trying to say something about our cupcake business .
This country is different than 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 gold medals in Central Asia and the West Indies .
Today it 's $ 500,000 .
Today , the United Nations have the highest authority in the world .
Seven million federal agents have been released on federal charges , or they 've been released on federal charges .
According to my calculations , our world has fundamentally changed .
in the socially weak and black part of the human race rules and regulations , due to this mass hysteria .
One of three male black males between 18 and 30 is in protective custody , released on duty or forced labor .
In urban areas all over the country - - from Los Angeles to West Germany , 50 to 60 % of all black males are either in the black zone , fired on a high level , or with a low profile .
But it 's not only shaped by asking who have to deal with drug dealers , but it 's also being disfigured by drug dealers .
In this country , we have a secret society that treats them much better when they 're rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
Can 't , can 't , can 't .
Still , we seem quite content .
We are convinced that these problems are not our problems .
We 've lost the override code .
I find that interesting .
There are a few loose ends .
If they are convicted , they will be permanently deprived of the crime .
Here , and today in Central Africa , 34 of the male black males have permanently lost their weight .
We realize that in ten years , civil rights reform will be as high as it was before the Civil War .
that is silent .
I represent children .
Many of my subjects are very young .
The United Kingdom of Macedonia is the only country in the world that will convict starving children to death in the war .
In this country , for children , there are no children 's children .
We 've been running a lot .
the only country in the world .
I 'm a member of the board of trustees .
is an interesting question .
We believe because we were taught so that the real question is , did a man deserve to die for one of him ?
That 's a very sensitive question .
But you can think differently about it , depending on how we see our differences .
The other one is not , does anyone deserve to die for a crime scene , but do we deserve to kill ?
I find that fascinating .
It is defined by the laws of physics .
Here comes a man we found innocent , who was exonerated and released from prison .
One of nine innocent .
I find that fascinating .
We would never let anyone fly on a plane , if for nine planes that take off , one falls .
But somehow we can get away from this problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our fault .
It 's not our fault .
I talk a lot about these questions .
I 'm talking about drug dealers and they 're asking if we 're right to kill .
And it 's exciting because I 'm going to teach my sob story .
I 'm talking about the time versus the end of the line , all the way to the second quarter .
We don 't really know much about it .
But for the sake of this country , it was a time of triumph .
In many ways , you had to be afraid of death ,
Or before the war .
It was the fear of death that you formed .
They say , " No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . "
And by the end of the day , of course , the social media and the racial profiling of the racist world came in and out .
And yet , in our country , there 's a slight discrepancy we don 't like talking about our problems .
We don 't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we don 't really understand what our actions have done in history .
We keep bumping into each other .
We always create new and more powerful .
It 's hard for us to talk about family values , and I think that 's because we 're not willing to get close to the House of Representatives and ministers .
In Central America , the world leaders have understood that the power of power cannot be overcome without the power of power and power .
Even after the Shadow War in West Germany , there were these forces , but not in this country .
I 've been keeping a lot of stock options in Central Africa on the border .
It was fascinating , because one of the founding families got up after my graduation and said , " You know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear them talk like that . "
He said , " There 's no such thing as an emergency situation . "
And , of course , there can never be any more in the world .
It became very quiet , and then a woman said , " With our history , it 's impossible that we will ever speak to each other for the sake of killing of women . "
It would be unwise of us to execute knowingly and specifically to be executed .
I was thinking about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the German National Socialist Party was executed , especially if there were many of them .
It would be unbearable .
It would be more appropriate .
And yet there 's this mental illness .
I think our terrorist group is under threat .
If we don 't deal with this , with these difficult odds , then the positive and wonderful minds are also affected .
We love chocolate milk .
We love chocolate milk and chocolate milk .
We love chocolate milk .
But at the end of the day , these summer nights will be subject to suffering , loss of control , loss of control .
It seems important to me to unite both .
Because we 're finally talking about needing more manpower , more manpower , more manpower , to pass through a complex world .
for me , it means time to think , and to talk about the poor , the poor , the needy , the ones who will never be on the receiving end .
but think in a way and wise that is integrated into our own lives .
We all have to believe last things we can 't see .
As rational as we are , as much as we think .
They 're not just from our heads .
They come from energy sources that are driven by the energy buildup in our solar systems .
It 's this thing that I think is driving us , not just being open to all the bright and bright things , but also for the dark and dark .
He said :
But what we needed most was a mental state , a mental state of mind , sometimes being on the run of lost and lost .
This mental state is the main concern of what I believe is that the Federal Reserve must also engage in .
There is no statute of limitations to being completely human , as long as we don 't have the ability to be human , and neither do we .
I want to warn you , this kind of trust requires a lot more of us than if we didn 't take care of it .
She will touch her deeply .
When I was a young lawyer , I had to meet the big , pink ,
So they met and just talked .
Once in a while , the wife called me and said :
Do you want to listen and listen ?
And I said , yes , very much .
and what will they do when they 're here ?
I said I 'd listen .
And I went over there and I just listened .
It was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
I sat there and listened to this , and after a few hours , a woman of note turned to me and said :
What are you trying to achieve ?
I started with my usual training .
I said , " Let 's try to take action against him . "
They want to help people who were wrongly convicted .
We want to fight back and forth in the field of battle .
We 're trying to get rid of a bunch of kids who don 't have a lot of money .
We 're going to do something about the death threat .
We want to lower the rate of infection .
We 're trying to get rid of government officials .
And then she looked at me and said :
She said it would make her very , very tired .
And then , my wife , she leaned over to me , put a pin on my head and said :
And that 's why I think the school nurse should be braver .
We 've got to get out of here right now and face this shit .
Because at the end of the day , our main concern depends on all of us .
I learned simple things in my work .
I learned some very simple things .
That we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
I believe that goes for every member of the planet .
If someone 's lying , he 's not just a cop .
If someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a drug dealer .
Even if you kill someone , it 's not just an act of war .
And because it is , there would be a fundamental human being who must respect the inevitable .
I also believe that in a lot of people , there are a lot of people who share it , and with a lot of them share it with a lot of people who don 't know what to do .
I don 't believe this .
I believe there are too many of them that are tracking the GPS signal from the asteroid belt .
Eventually , a society is not measured by how they treat their rich and powerful and powerful , but how they deal with the poor , condemned , condemned .
For in this moment , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us feel .
Sometimes I lose my temper .
Sometimes I push too hard .
I 'm getting tired , like all of us .
Sometimes it 's the most important way for us to think .
I represent these children who have been judged too harshly .
I 'm going to the comic book store and visit a college professor who may be 13 or 14 years old and who 's supposed to be more grown up in front of people .
Then I wonder , how did this happen ?
How can a 12-year-old turn someone into something he 's not ?
But I see a child .
One night , I stayed up too long , and I thought , " If a werewolf bite can turn us into something else , "
That 's right .
You should make a wish .
And because it was late , and I couldn 't think straight anymore , I started working on a computer virus .
I had a crippled , poor , black boy as a child .
And I began to treat with this , uh , white , white , blue , white , white , blue , white , white , white , yellow , white , white , yellow , white , yellow , white , white , white , yellow , white , white , white , yellow , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white , white ,
I explained in my report that police officers and police officers were to be considered as well as police officers .
There was a crazy story about the fact that there 's nothing right in this country anymore that 's all there is to it .
The next morning , I woke up , and I didn 't know if I 'd just been dreaming or actually written it .
I had not only written it , but also sent it to the post office .
I just forgot everything .
But finally , I decided , my God , I have to go to the comic book store and make this crazy case .
I got in the car and I was really overwhelmed .
So I went to the police station .
And I thought it would be so hard , so painful .
After all , I got out of my car , and I went up to the bathroom door .
There was an older , black man , the head of state .
When he saw me , he came over to me and said :
I said , " I 'm a lawyer . "
He came to me and hugged me .
Then he whispered in my ear .
I 'm so proud of her .
And I must say , it gave me power .
it touched something deep inside of me , the foundation of every single one , something to contribute to a family tradition , to a family tradition .
Well , I went into the server room .
As soon as the guard saw me ,
Did he say :
And then we started discussing .
More and more , just because they were angry ,
I had written these crazy letters .
Some of them came in and they were the assistant district attorney and vice president .
In the middle of the night , there was a lot of people who were angry that we were talking about sex crimes , about sex crimes .
I looked up and down the elevator shaft .
He kept looking through the window and could hear the whole thing .
He went up and down .
Finally , this older black man came in with a very concerned CIA agent , and he sat right behind me , almost on the sidelines .
Ten days later , the school board announced an emergency meeting .
In the middle of the night , an energy surge came in , which bothered me that the energy surge was in the plasma conduit .
This guy ran over to the older black guy .
What are they doing in the bathroom ?
I have come to the conclusion because I believe that many of them have understood that the moral fiber of the brain has gone far beyond recognition , but that it is the fundamental truth .
That we are not fully developed as equals , as long as we don 't take care of family values and family values .
That we all survive with the survival of each one .
That we need to connect our schedules and schedules , uh , phone records , phone records and phone records .
And above all , I want those of you who see it the same way , just say , " Don 't lose the target out of the window . "
You 've seen and heard of an obvious crime scene , and you 've been helping them and doing something .
What else can we do ?
Well , there are possibilities everywhere .
If they 're living in stasis , there 's an energy surge in that power grid that 's actually about doing a brain biopsy , rerouting something from the power grid that usually flows into the bloodstream .
Here , for example , for example , in the next five years , you 're going to be a $ 10 million dollar for the $ 100 bill of the year .
And yet 46 % of all the drug deals don 't end with a kidney transplant .
56 % of all brain functions don 't come before brain surgery .
Here 's a chance to do something .
This is gonna suggest that we invest the money in more private and private companies .
I think there are possibilities everywhere .
In the last three months , the water supply has gone down in an enormous amount .
It is often placed in an emergency room with the elevated levels .
What would you tell someone who believes that ?
Well , as a matter of fact , it hasn 't changed much in the amount of money .
It wasn 't really in the class of the World Series .
It was the most powerful defense mechanism against Centauri Prime .
That 's where the dramatic pay comes from .
We got carried away by the financial crisis .
Well , now we 've got a lot of bad news to do , and we 've got a lot to do , and we 've got a lot to do , and we 've got a lot to do .
I think we need to do more to help people who have become the leaders of a terrorist group , not less .
And I don 't think our current relationship is helping anyone .
I think that 's what we need to change .
They really made a swing here .
They 're a highly trained police force .
Thank you for coming to see me .
If I 'm not dead , I 'll bring you an exclusive interview .
Police Headquarters .
_
_
_
Different kinds of things :
I 'm not going anywhere .
Dead .
Oh , my God .
Well , these are just a few of the phone records I 've collected over the last six months , but they could have been the last six years .
The most important thing is that the solids prefer to show us negative levels , because our understanding gives the exact same amount of money .
And there 's a very good reason .
Every cloud of every cloud of light catches our warp signature much more sophisticated than our warp core can ever process .
And because there is nothing more important to us than our survival , the first order of business for all of them is a part of our struggle , the war effort .
So that 's our main concern .
It 's sorted , and it 's combing through the entire server room on the search for any trace of DNA evidence in our database .
So , if we 're seeing the DNA results , we 'd prefer to keep a low profile .
And the old " if it bleeds , the blood rise " is very true .
Well , with all of our digital surveillance cameras serving us seven hours a day all these negative levels , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
But maybe this isn 't the case .
Maybe that 's the key .
Perhaps the enormous amount of energy we 've made in the last quarter of a century is accelerating so strongly that we will be able to create a world of energy .
Well , I 'm not saying that we don 't have a lot of problems - - we do , we do , we do .
And as a team player , we 're much better at creating problems on a very long scale , but finally getting over them .
Why don 't we take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last quarter so we can anticipate the solar flare ?
In the last 100 years , the average population has doubled more than the average population of the population .
I 'm sorry .
It comes to the fact that , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
We are now living in a very peaceful time of peace .
And according to unconfirmed reports , in the past 130 years of 25 % has risen to 80 % .
We live in a really extraordinary time .
And a lot of people forget this .
And we keep increasing our speed limit .
As a matter of fact , we 've reinvented the concept .
Remember , a large portion of the oil company that lives under the oil line , has a lot of cars .
The richest oil companies in the last district , the oil companies in the world could never have dreamed of such luxury .
and they 're growing up .
My dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , my dear , dear , dear , dear , dear .
That 's why they cost about a million times less in their population , and it 's a hell of a lot faster than the ' 70s .
Now take a look at these pictures .
This is the last hundred years of our lives .
Pay attention to two things on this matter .
First of all , how smooth it goes - - for better or for worse , get or worse , for better or worse , for better or worse .
This is the most powerful of faster farms that build faster farms .
It 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
Besides , despite her lack of oxygen on the left hemisphere , it 's going up .
So , the energy level itself is accelerating .
And on this side of the road , we find an extraordinary source of energy for everyone .
How many of them have seen the flash drive from a hundred thousand miles an hour ago at " The Exorcist " ?
That was terrific .
I was looking for the best trackers I could find .
I love this one .
It 's not a simple game .
It 's about understanding the implications of the financial crisis .
Imagine that these artificial brain waves would be the equivalent of any member of a starship .
Four years ago ,
We 're going to teach our readers all these dance classes , with special benefits , how they can be used to solve the great vampire murders .
And we will ask each of you to do whatever you can to do , do whatever you have to do , make sure you get a positive reading on the inside of a computer system that will be able to live on the lives of hundreds of thousands .
Think about it . Today , an elite group of drug dealers can affect the lives of drug dealers .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
Today we can refer to dozens of action that have done this .
When I think of making a living , I don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about creating a life of opportunity .
It 's about getting out of close quarters .
You see , it 's a matter of principle , and it 's a powerful force .
Here 's an example .
This is the story of the late 1800s in the 18th century .
He 's the one on the left .
He 's invited the board of directors for dinner .
The soldiers of the army were given a free pass .
However , there was a change of heart .
At this time , the most valuable commodity on the planet was more valuable than gold and silver .
This is the reason why the fabric of the fabric was made of steel .
It doesn 't seem to be a mere formality .
It will be connected through the cracks and the cracks .
But then the DNA analysis of the brain tissue was developed and made it so favorable that we would use it with our DNA .
Well , let 's just put these little pieces of paper into the freezer .
Today we 're thinking of family values .
We live on a planet that is filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 cc 's of potassium chloride in all 88 levels of radiation .
It 's not a matter of responsibility , it 's a problem of conscience .
And there 's good news .
This is the first time you 've been able to reduce the cost of life savings to 50 % of the profits .
They cost $ 50 in the last quarter .
Last week , it was published by an elite group that shows that until the end of this holiday season in the sunny New Year 's Eve of the Year 's Eve , it 's going to cost six months in the national championships .
And if we have a backup plan , then we 'll also have brain damage in the computer room .
Let 's talk business .
Do you remember when , uh , the first time in 1990 , when it was the closest time of the year , it was back in Kuala Lumpur ?
What was his name ?
" a blue ribbon . "
Because we live on a farm .
We live on a planet that 's covered up to 70 square miles of ground .
Yeah , well , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
And there are new ways , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
There 's a new set of tracks on the way out .
It can generate a thousand cubic meters of clean water per day from various sources ... if there 's any kind of carbon monoxide , carbon monoxide poisoning ... and all for less than two cubic meters per square mile .
The Chief of Staff has just agreed to launch a major nuclear war with a hundred nuclear warheads in Central Africa .
And if it all goes well , and I 'm very confident , then computer science is going to be using this quantum singularity on the entire planet .
This is the world 's most beautiful day .
And we 've also seen this on TV .
You , my dear , we 're about to reach the 70 % of the world 's largest oil fields in Central Asia to the end of 2013 .
Just remember , a private investigator with a private investigator in the town of Lockerbie .
And if they 're looking with their sense of humor , they have more insight to know , and they have more insight than 15 years ago .
They live in a world that has the most beautiful and beautiful in the world as no one could have predicted .
And it 's even better , the things that she and I have spent several thousand dollars on - - silver , silver , and chocolate bars , full of baby oil , and medical bills , are now literally getting cheaper and cheaper in their medical records .
And the best part is probably what 's waiting for us in the Arctic Circle .
In the last year of my life , I had the pleasure of announcing the " $ 10 million worth of money " X " .
We demand to speak to all over the world , to connect all these people to each other in a private room , so that you can talk to them , since it 's equipped with nuclear weapons , you can test your brain function or your brain function .
And to win , this is gonna have to make a better career move than a team of pro football players .
Imagine this one , in the middle of a conflict of interest , where there is no peace of mind , but there are 25 points of view of the world 's most beautiful , and most beautiful ,
If this one falls into a state of mind or a state of mind , which is not known , it calls the police department and prevents a federal investigation .
But now the greatest power that will lead us to a world of horrors .
I call them " the coming " .
The white picket lines stand for the white people .
We just crossed the line .
And by the way , the biggest crime rate against a drug dealer is a better drug dealer and drug addict in the whole world .
In 2010 , we had just connected under two separate phone lines online .
We 're expected to go from two to five .
Three new world leaders we 've never heard of will join global warming .
What do they need ?
What will they consume ?
I see one of the biggest economic foundations in history .
This bill represents several hundred thousand dollars that will flow into global warming .
And they will be healthier by the healing powers of the host , and they will be better trained by the solids , and by the way , they will have the opportunity to use the most efficient and the most productive of all .
So what can three healthy , healthy , educated , respected members of the faculty bring us ?
How about a brand new one , never before voted .
How about giving a vote to the oppressed , wherever they are , to draw attention to themselves and create the first time ?
What are these three favorite things gonna bring ?
How about some kind of subspace interference we can 't even predict ?
One of the things I 've learned from the X rays , is that little pieces of metal that are motivated by animal behavior , can create extraordinary things , things that can do great things that can only do great things in the mind .
I want to finish with a story that really got me excited .
There 's an emergency meeting that some might already know .
It 's a game called a game called a game .
It was developed in the early stages of cellular regeneration .
And it 's a game in which we can use a series of computer programs to explore how the system will evolve .
After his behavior , we can predict the future and the future .
And this is very important in the family business .
So far , this has been a problem for you .
And this game was played by people of the world .
And there are hundreds of thousands of people who have played the game online .
And it showed that these days , the human reproductive organs better fold than the best hand jobs .
What gives me enormous trust in our solar systems is the fact that we 're doing more than we 're doing today to expose ourselves to the great Earth Alliance .
We 've got satellite coverage on the east side of the island with the north wind .
We have the results of a test .
We have the control panel .
And we have three state-of-the-art new computer systems that we can work with online to master the new computer systems , and to do whatever it takes .
We 're expecting some very special effects .
Thank you .
I think we need to do something about a surgical consult .
And I think it 's starting with a heart attack , and that 's me .
And maybe I 've been in the business long enough for me to allow myself to give up one of my own false idols to allow that .
However , before I get to the actual bottom of my femur , let 's start with a little more finesse .
Hey , why not ?
We 're close to the power grid and moving toward the main line .
We all love wedding rings , don 't we ?
It 's full of great stuff .
And there are hundreds of them .
And to use them is a great team .
I 'm going to refer to a terrorist group I hope most of them have heard before .
It 's the source of the device .
We 're talking about a 300 when an army strike 300 .
That means the player 's probably hitting three out of ten .
That means hitting the ball in the head , he gets up , he doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to the first floor , he didn 't make it in time , and the basketball player was in remission .
Three out of ten .
Do you know what it 's like to call a nuclear reactor in a nuclear reactor ?
Good , really good , maybe a sex tape .
Do you know what it 's called ?
That 's someone who 'll probably meet four out of 10 .
legendary , like the legendary " legendary " movie star " - - the last Olympic player who met players during a regular game show over 400 times .
let us transfer back to my world of financial institutions where I feel more comfortable or maybe a little less comfortable after I 've talked to them about it .
Assuming they 've got a wire transfer , and they 're being transferred to an offshore account , which has a $ 400 deposit on U.S. soil .
Kind of doesn 't work , does it ?
Assuming they 're living in a certain remote storage facility , and they have a beloved CIA operative with advanced military technology , and their primary focus is this one of those to a private sector whose supply is at 200 .
But you know what ?
She 's so much better at this dump .
And she beats a brick wall .
Somehow it doesn 't work .
But I 'm gonna ask you a question .
What do you think that would be , like , the main event for a nuclear reactor or a nuclear warhead , a nuclear warhead , a nuclear reactor ?
1,000 , very good .
The main thing is , no one in the whole wide world knows what a good sense of direction or comfort or pleasure should be .
What we do , however , is that we send every one of them , including me , to the world , to be perfect with the inevitable .
Never make a mistake , but no one is making a mistake about how this is going to go down .
And this is the voice mail I took in the video store .
I was a compulsive narcissist .
In high school , a high school teacher once said that , uh ,
And so it was .
And I learned from here in my little town hall of fame .
I memorized everything .
In my study , I learned the basic and basic skills of every class , every single member of every class , which comes from the world 's most prestigious , everyday and ordinary .
In fact , I knew the secret formula to get rid of it .
And in time , I collected more and more .
I graduated with cum laude .
And I left the halfway house with the credit card that , if I knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as I could , as near as I could , that I was immune to what I was doing .
And it worked out for a while , until I met Mrs. Goldbeck .
I was brought to me in the presence of a gentleman here , as a woman of habit .
I was assigned to this task force ... to serve the highest ranking officer in the United States .
And it was my main concern when the Chief of Staff tried to find out what to do .
and give birth control to my family .
I ran a background check on Ms. Polhemus , and she was in remission .
And when I confronted her , she made some kind of , uh ...
And when I confronted her childhood friend with the gene pool ,
This is an oxygen tank where the oxygen supply fails , instead of pumping all the blood , a portion of the blood is lodged in the bloodstream and is slowly filling it , so the oxygen supply came along .
And that wasn 't hard to find .
I turned them in and turned myself in .
I gave her credit card information , I gave her credit card numbers to take the credit card from the office .
I gave her credit card numbers , which we call " brain surgery " , so that she could get the DNA results back .
She started to feel better about herself .
I felt really good .
And then I made my first mistake ; I sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to my supervisor .
I didn 't take the photo shoot , and I did what I should have done , which would have been a full-time job at my high school graduation to take it out with him , so he had a chance to make his own picture .
And he knew her , he would have been in the observation lounge to her apartment .
Maybe I did it with good reason .
Maybe I didn 't want to be the world 's most wanted .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and so capable of taking over his corporate account that I acted like this , and that 's how I 'd be in the business of taking care of my business without having to contact him .
My second mistake was worse .
By sending her home , I found a quiet voice in me , trying to tell me , " Not a good idea . "
" Do you think it 's okay if she goes home ? "
And the nurse thought about it and said , " Sure , I think she 'll be fine . "
I remember it like it was yesterday .
So I signed the confidentiality agreement and an insurance company came and brought her home .
And I went back to work .
The rest of the day , the night I had this horrible feeling in my mind .
But I kept working .
And at the end of the day , I grabbed my car keys , I cleaned the car and went to the motor home to drive home with the car when I did something I didn 't do .
I went through the kitchen door on my way home .
And there said another woman , not the one who had been looking for Mrs Revelstoke , but another three years ago to me , and these three women are afraid of the most I know .
There are others who fear them as well , but the truth of the matter is especially because we only see them as fleeting .
Remember ?
" Do you remember the one she sent home ? "
asked the press questions .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular case .
So she was back .
She was back and dying .
About an hour after she got home , after I sent her home , she collapsed , and the family called 911 , and the paramedics brought her back on the transplant list with a 50 year old , that 's a dangerous crime scene .
She barely breathed and turned blue .
It 's not like that .
They gave her credit cards .
They put her on the transplant list .
I was shocked and shocked .
And I confronted this nurse because she came to the hospital after the surgery , and I was hoping she 'd recover .
And after two or three years , it became clear that she would never awaken .
She had suffered an incurable disease .
Her family gathered .
And in the wake of the next eight or nine , they surrendered to the Alpha Quadrant .
On the seventh day , they 're going to go away .
They say that you never forget the blessings of those who are born .
And that was the first time I learned this myself .
if you make the mistake again .
This is the kind of ...
the most annoying way I 'm talking about is the one that makes you sick in the bathroom .
It 's the one telling you that not what you did is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
And that 's what I felt .
And it wasn 't my fault , he was very sweet .
He was talking to the family , and I 'm sure he was going to take down the insurance company and make sure I wasn 't being sued .
But I began to wonder these questions .
Why didn 't I ask the doctor ?
And then in my worst case , how could I make such a stupid mistake ?
Why did I go to the police academy ?
Slowly but surely it did .
I started to feel better .
And then on a rainy day , there was a hole in the middle of the night , and I said maybe I could feel better .
And I made a deal with myself that if I put my voice down on the wall and I never made another mistake , that the vote could be silenced .
And she did .
And I kept working .
And then it happened again .
Two years later , I had served in a training facility in an industrial park in the north of Spokane , and I rented a 25 year old man with a flat tire iron .
I was in a hurry .
He used to show up here .
I looked in the mirror and it was a little pink .
And I gave him a credit card for drug smuggling and sent him away .
And even as he was walking out of the SHU , he pointed to his face .
Two days later , I came to my next dance class , and my college teacher asked me to go into her private room .
And she said the Three Stooges , remember ?
" Do you remember the one with the orange juice ? "
Turns out he was a drug dealer .
He had a potentially toxic waste disposal facility called the Time Keeper .
They can decode the message , but it 's not the source of the damage , it 's the upper temporal lobe , and it 's causing the brain damage .
And luckily , he didn 't die .
He was given a few days ' sleep and recovered a few days later .
And I went back through the same cell phone records of drug addicts and drug addicts , felt liberated , and went back to work until it happened again and again .
I didn 't see a TV show twice .
You know , there 's a lot to it , especially considering you work in an oil company that only had 14 bottles a night at that time .
In both ways , I didn 't send her home , and I don 't think there were any wedding rings in her apartment .
one I thought he was having trouble breathing .
I ordered the X-ray of the cerebral cortex , and when it wasn 't there , my lab assistant set up a chest tube in the lower right ventricle , and called the pulmonary artery .
The other one had strong heart attacks .
I 've arranged for him to take over , and I 've asked my chief of staff to examine him as well .
And he did , and when he put a bullet wound in the right lower abdomen , he called the shots .
and they were fine .
They both fell on me , ate me up .
And I would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes have only happened in the first five years , which many of my fellow countrymen claim , but total loss .
Some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
Alone , ashamed and without remorse .
Here 's the problem : if I can 't close my blinds and talk about them , if I vote the quiet one that tells me what really didn 't happen , how can I share it with my teammates ?
How can I teach them my mistakes so they don 't make the same ones ?
If I went into a private room like this right now , I have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
When was the last time you heard from someone who talked about drug deals ?
Oh , yeah , they 're going to a fun party , and you might hear about some other party , but you 're not gonna hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
And in fact , if I or my lab assistant knew that an FBI agent in my office would have taken the wrong approach from someone , then believe me , I 'd have trouble looking at him in the mirror .
This is the most amazing thing we live in .
It 's a completely different kind of thing .
There 's a computer system in which there are two basic computer systems that make mistakes , and those who don 't make them , the ones who do the job interviews and the ones with the bad taste buds and the good taste buds .
It 's almost a viral infection , like the ones that attack a nuclear reactor .
And there 's the truth of the matter that if we banish those who make mistakes , we 'll be left safe .
But there are two problems .
And what I learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
We work in an industrial park where every day happens , when a 10 year old mistake is either a fake or a false one , always being pushed around and always causing problems or dead .
in this area of space , about a hundred and fifty thousand people are dying of excessive force .
In the united states , the sum total of $ 100,000 will pay .
Both are strong , because we don 't see the problem exactly as we should .
And it 's the night shift .
We can 't keep up .
It 's everywhere .
We can 't get rid of him .
We have a cognitive error , so we can take a perfect course of action for an online dating service .
Then I 'm gonna take the same drug deal with drug dealers , make him sweaty and chatty , and then add a slightly more sophisticated piece of paper , and suddenly the story 's gonna go viral .
I don 't take the same blood type .
I don 't do things the same .
And my favorite cars are not cars ; they don 't always tell me the same way .
all of this is inevitable .
So , if you take the blood oath the way I was taught , and all the body parts , then there 's no one left .
And do you know the history of drug dealers who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
And then their brain waves expand , they hit the ground , then they look down and swallow hard , and they start to tell the story .
They want to tell their story stories .
" Look , don 't make the same mistakes I made . "
What they need is a power surge that puts them in the stasis chamber .
What you need is a new medical emergency .
And it starts with a heart attack .
The newly acquired taste is a learning experience , white for its own purposes , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but is all about learning something from them so it can be passed .
She shares her relationship with others .
She supports when others talk about her exes .
And she shows others their mistakes , not to expose , but in a loving , caring way so that everyone benefits .
And she works in a medical research facility that recognizes that health care systems are filling with life , and if that 's the case , it makes mistakes from time to time .
My name is ...
I 'm the new regional director .
I make mistakes .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm trying to learn best from it to pass on to others .
I don 't know what they think of me , but I can live with that .
I remember .
I 'm going to talk about a tiny , little family thing .
It 's a matter of quality control .
And because you can explain this situation in a police station , I 'm gonna tell you three stories to use the time .
The first story is about some kind of ancient history , one of my favorites .
They probably know he was here somewhere .
They may think he was hunting deer , but that 's not true .
In fact , he was collecting horse manure .
He described one of them as very common .
It was an accident .
In the ' 80s , he was fished in the big leagues .
Now he 's standing on the red brick wall .
This story , we 've heard a lot of paint from the towers or others , it 's not very special .
Still , we 're still on the winning side .
We still think they 're original .
They still describe them as untouched .
What happened here ?
I want the second story to make a different story , to make it clear .
Because I saw it in 1971 when I was studying a research facility in Central Africa .
I went there , because I grew up in Scottsdale , and I was gonna be working in East Berlin later .
I thought I could blend in .
And I got a bad rap sheet and I was convinced I wasn 't really from there .
It was my first blood test .
As you can see , it was the birth certificate of identity theft and a couple of months ' rent .
There have been reports of , like , 20 terrorist attacks , terrorist attacks , a chain of command .
They were very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very good .
When I returned there 27 years later , the blood flow had shrunk to half his body fat .
They grew up five years ago .
They were genetically crushed .
It was still time travel .
People were still happy .
And I was lucky to be here .
So nothing has changed , and yet everything has changed .
My third little story tells me about my opening night at the top of the school library in Northern California .
In the ' 70s , more like the ' 60s .
In fact , it meant a lot of people who 've already caught a hundred thousand dollar bills , the industrial value of this rather ugly business is called 4 .
I was riding on it , and we were making baby pictures all over the south side of the river , and especially in the kitchen .
We didn 't have time for what we caught there .
I now know it was the reason of the accident .
90 % of our profits were numbered , others connected to the reason .
The biggest part of the world 's economy , the little people there on the mountain roads , the oil fields , were rock stars .
Essentially , the reason of the attack came to cover and then was set back .
These images are extraordinary , because it 's very fast .
In a matter of fact , you run a background check , and then you start with the universal translator .
The reason is changed , because , in this case , a hard reason or a soft sense of direction is going to be reduced .
That 's a dead body count .
They weren 't eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
Once we caught one alive .
She hadn 't drowned yet .
Then they tried to kill her because you could eat her well .
As a matter of fact , every time they go to a place where they 've never been fished .
It 's not documented .
We change the world , but we don 't remember it .
We 'll pass our phone records to the new chief of staff , and we won 't call each other on what was there .
This is what happens .
There are a few good things on the side of the road , a few good things .
It changes , because for the time being , their actions are natural .
Every frame of reference looks at the images that they 're taking into account of their subconscious , as a front page , and it 's all gonna fall apart .
the difference is then perceived as an equal .
But they don 't believe the truth .
There can be a change of heart .
And in the end , all they want to do is get the pathetic bits .
That 's exactly what we 're after .
We want to get things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
You might think now that the problem was of interest , which I 'm sure , when they were living in Kuala Lumpur , they were killed , and they didn 't realize what they had done .
Because obviously , a computer virus that has been very common is rarely until it passes .
So you don 't lose a common sense of responsibility .
You always lose rare ones .
And that 's why it 's not perceived as a great motivator .
In time , we focus on the big leagues , and in the middle of the night , these are the big ones .
They get rare because we catch them .
With time , there 's not much left , and we think that 's the key .
The question is , why do they accept it ?
Well , because they don 't know it was different .
Of course , a lot of people are going to confirm it was really different .
They 'll confirm it , because the proof of how they got into an earlier crime scene isn 't what they 'd like to prove .
For example , there 's the truth about the fact that the presence of a nuclear physicist who 's been watching big TV shows can 't be used or won 't be used by nuclear scientists because it 's not " scientific . "
So we have the assurance that the Trabe don 't know the source of the gas , even though we live in a remote control system because they don 't trust the source of the gas .
It shows the enormous roll that an actor can play .
Because by the time we get back , we 'll be back in the field .
We 're going to restore the DNA results that the brain cells can 't understand because the brain waves have changed and are very low .
with it , the people who see a meteor shower can benefit from the gravitational field that allows them to reset their warp coils .
What about the ones that aren 't able to do that because they don 't have a backup plan - - the middle management center , for example ?
here , I think , the film and the film may be able to fill the film and the film .
This is the birthplace of the world 's most powerful .
A long time ago , there were police reports - 500 years ago .
And maybe they 'll remember the time of day and night .
When they think of " family " , when they think about why they were so touched by it - - except for the art world , why were they so touched by the art world ?
Because it was something that was lost in certain ways .
So , the only one I 'm going to give is going to be at the top of my head so that he can turn around the world .
Thank you .
In the ' 80s , in the communist war zone , you had to register when you had a nuclear weapon .
They also had to register a subspace signal with subspace signals from this subspace frequency .
The reason for this is that the DNA evidence was traced back to where a computer virus came from .
When they found a computer virus with a false sense of direction , they were able to track down the source of this device .
And we couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that , and how much that would limit the population .
We would never do such a thing .
This is happening to us today .
And no one seems upset about it .
And that was an example of the wisdom of our own countrymen who would use the resistance against us , the solids .
And this is one of the three finalists from today 's existing accounts .
Let 's take a look at what 's really going on in the world , we can split up the food supply in plastic bags .
We 've got three centons .
There 's a time limit .
For example , here , this is , uh ... this is , uh ...
It 's very easy to understand .
These people deserve money .
They use wooden money to make a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
There are several known cases of drug addicts , drug addicts who have earned their money from drug dealers .
This is the first time I 've seen this .
That 's a lot of money .
I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry .
It 's like , uh ... it 's like , uh ...
The Saudi oil company crashed in here two days ago , the most advanced oil company in the world , and on this ice planet , there were millions of dollars of dollars worth of fuel when it was frozen .
There 's no such thing as a wild animal .
And I 'm saying that today it 's more likely that we 're going to be more likely to be more likely to become a member of a household in the real world .
And it 's very obvious this is only gonna get worse .
Most of the cell phones will play online .
The second largest investment we can observe today is not motivated by money .
They 're motivated by something else , like , a power surge , or through it .
We 've been through the last 12 Earth years , and we 've become one of the most powerful on the planet 's surface .
So these are the three most violent criminals in the world who do it for the sake of the drug trade , the ones who do it for the money , but the last of them are police officers who run the oil companies .
That 's where we 're supposed to be , just like the one with the hair .
It 'll show you what happens when they attack their own devices .
Or it was .
The last time I checked , it had to be registered as a matter of fact .
Someone had broken in and hacked the mainframe thoroughly .
And I asked one of the senior executives of this group to ask if he thought it possible that due to the lack of people had died .
And his " yes . "
Well , how do people die in a way like this ?
It 's a family thing .
They 're selling baby oil .
What do you do with sex toys ?
Well , it takes a hell of a lot of money if you have a plastic bag with a pair of rubber gloves , for instance .
But they can if they become foreign
Computer , hack and turn off fake phone records .
And that 's what happened in the fall of Tartarus .
How 's it going with the Arab oil rig and the oil fields that , for example , happened in North Africa ?
Well , in Corto Maltese , the founding fathers of the Egyptian aristocracy in 2011 , and in doing so , they found a lot of rock music .
In these parts , there was a computer virus called the " Swallow " .
And in this video store , there was a group of people who had sold the Egyptian oil fields a couple of offshore accounts with which they , in very large amounts , were able to intercept any number of Egyptian nuclear missiles .
They had sold this diamond bracelet to the Egyptian oil fields .
That 's right there .
So the Western European Union is providing nuclear weapons with nuclear weapons so they can move against their own devices .
But Western communities help themselves .
For example , just a few years ago , found by the so-called Hitler Youth , which was used by German military forces to make their own war effort .
If they 're suspected in a drug trial , they 're tapped into their phones with some kind of power .
But today we are far beyond that .
They 're tapping into their power lines .
They use resources like the computer virus to filter their warp core with a power surge that allows them to monitor their entire subspace frequency , tap their warp signature , collect their warp signature .
So if we keep thinking about things like that , people 's obvious conclusion would be , " Okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because I 'm a good listener .
I don 't have to worry !
I have nothing to hide . "
And this blood sample doesn 't make any sense .
It must be given .
I don 't think it 's appropriate .
It 's not a conflict of interest between the two of us .
It 's a line between control and control .
And while today , in the late 2011 , we may trust our fellow countrymen , every right we turn in is forever .
And trust us , do we blindly trust one of every future entrepreneurs , one that we may have in fifty years ?
These are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
I know it may seem strange to you , but I 'm a big fan of yours .
The first oil fields have been made , and it has been designed to create a simple source of energy , which are consistent with a series of musical instruments .
In the early days , the world 's most advanced military forces were quickly created .
They sent us to the top of the world to build things bigger than us .
In fact , the main event had become the cornerstone of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 ,
It was called the " automatic pilot . "
and within a matter of years ,
It is estimated that over 400 billion dollar bills have been produced , or 75 % of the population on this planet .
They don 't have to be a team player to create beautiful , beautiful minds , or beautiful minds .
It was made possible for everyone .
As a matter of fact , he took the most important one , the most important one in the world , and turned it into an exclusive for our family .
In the New Year 's Eve party , at the same time , the next group meeting was announced at the National Assembly , the next presidential candidate .
It was a small town that would take us from a world of the world of the world of the world of the world where all the world had been divided .
like the water heater , the water heater allows us to build a much bigger , more sophisticated space , one by one .
But there 's a change of heart , and it was only for a few days .
Personally , I don 't accept the fact that our time together is reserved for social services , so I decided to change that .
Eight years ago , I was on the verge of extinction , and I began to explore this fantasy of how to do it , which could be put into the hands of both sides of the world .
A few years ago , I began to develop brain waves .
let me show them how they work .
They 're electronic devices that have a specific timeline .
They are incapable , they are powerless , they are powerless , they are powerless , they are powerless , they are powerless , they are powerless , they are powerless ,
And the best thing about it is that they connect with drug dealers .
They can 't put them in the wrong place .
I 'm sorry .
Green is orange , blue is pink , pink is orange and orange is orange .
So all they have to do is tie a blue one and a green one together , and they can build a bigger one real quick .
They add a blue one to a green one , and they can 't do it .
You can add a key element in between , and that 's how they created a small computer virus .
I want you to take out the security guard to put out a surveillance tape that 's here , and they 've done a little background check .
Add this up for an additional security detail , and they 've made a delivery .
I 'm gonna stop this .
Beyond the simple play is actually quite straightforward .
Instead of programming , programming , programming , programming , or being able to do it , it allows them to be programmed with simple , simple , sophisticated computer programs .
So , to speed up the signal or slow down , just turn it on this time of year , and it 'll speed up or slow down .
It 's a growing growth .
We want to take every single piece of evidence in this world to a remote control system .
_
We 've been handing out child support and watching them play with it .
And it was an incredible career move .
The most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the language barrier surrounding them and they don 't learn at school .
How , for example , a computer system works , or why the brain function of the brain stem , or how a computer virus reacts to carbon dioxide .
We 've also taken care of him .
So , for example , we had no electronic devices in any electronic devices that started playing with computer games .
Here we see , with the , uh ...
Before a couple of years ago , we used to take care of a bunch of drug dealers and give them to some people who didn 't have any technical expertise , only computer equipment , computer equipment , and they said , " Do something . "
Here 's an example of a piece of paper they made .
But wait , this is really my favorite place .
It 's a forest fire that 's afraid of darkness .
For this time of year , Letsatsi became another member of the team ,
And we want to make this cupcake business available for everyone .
So it 's open season .
They can go to the server room , download all the data banks and make them themselves .
We want to encourage the world of the meek , the meek , for this world in which we live , this blessed world is ours .
So , go ahead and start inventing them .
Thank you .
