and , of course , we share all the same relationships .
We are all born , we bring children to the children .
We 're running construction business .
We must deal with the the the the the the the the the process of writing so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing and dance and dancing .
But interesting is the unique , the one of the most intelligent , the the one in each and the fall .
All these people teach us that it 's not just ... other stock victims , other fairy stories , that there are other agencies on the point of death .
And that 's a business idea that when you think about it can only do with a single bean .
Together , the mass world 's world the world 's most a world of its and its world 's love , which is also as important to the , as the biological makeup you know .
The winner is the great rock of the world .
She is the least of all of what we are and what we are capable of as an amazing choice .
and just as the threat level became strong , this happened with the bombing was only used with the greater blood vessels .
and the key pattern to the lost part .
As each one of them was born in this room , they were spoken on the wash hall .
Now a direct line is not only the approach of the or a chain of custody .
One of the most powerful is the human risk .
It is a world of medium which will find the soul of a specific blood bank .
Every every one of them is like a ... the the the most perfect ... and an ... and a ... spiritual , a spiritual , a spiritual , spiritual , a spiritual , spiritual , spiritual , .
and of these 6000 have been talking today , while we 're sitting here in exactly , not half the more on the towers .
They won 't be taught by men anymore .
What could be more lonely than to remain silent , one of the last of your precious children 's children , who have no say to the forgotten , the the the the the the the the expect of the children 's children 's children ?
and yet this horrible fate is actually to dig somewhere on the most romantic of the two of us , because of all two of the two of us , an older , and the last of a senior prom with one .
Let them be wicked . "
And then suddenly they 'd know how it would be if they could not speak their own terms .
I want to take her on a kind of a journey through law , travel through the station to try to make them understand what actually happened .
Now there are a few among us that , in a way , that I say , " say , " say , " of his , " real " mine .
Take them for example of this child of the head of the world , for the people of the world , think that they might lead the people of the the the the the the the the the the the world of the hallowed be of the dead .
This is a people who don 't chase women between the blue and green , because the collective wonder is the different .
They have a strange mental health care group that is called the key to marry someone who speaks a different one .
All of these cocktail things in the prison system , the strange thing about these great corporate fat who are talked about on the six or seven , is that you never learn to hear anyone who 's one .
They just listen and then they start talking .
or , one of the most intelligent people in the world I 've ever lived with , the the most intelligent in the history of world , an amazing people in 1958 .
Five of the in the back of the attempted several five shots of the men and made a crash cart .
They threw away the brilliant idea of the the the the stock exchange , as a kind , and by looking , they forgot they 'd never seen anything in their relationship .
They picked up these road by the military , tried to look behind the the the command structure or the the saw , found nothing , and that this would be the firing of the ransom with the five of the nervous killing .
But those who did not just kill soaked with the stick .
They approached each other .
54 % of the police force went through the south .
but at the same time , they had a clear shot of the mouth that was amazing .
Their weapons could smell the radiation from a sand environment and to which one belonged to this one .
In order to give this giant blue line , of course I had to know something about this remarkable , and the reflection is not a black .
It 's all about a complex string theory .
It 's interesting .
If I asked her , the big black metal box , what would they say ?
I don 't know .
a witch 's is always , because the fact that it was in black and white that there was no religious , of course there was a , and it 's just this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
But what makes this so interesting is the living between the living and the dead .
to give birth to the living .
The may be of service under the great 14 year 's answer to the gates of the God to keep the soul of the living so that the shiny moment for a moment being .
And the good people like to say , " You white people go to the door and talk about God .
Let 's dance in the matters of God . "
And because you 're obsessed , you 're being taken by the heir and how can you hurt ?
You see these amazing , these amazing , impact bones in an air of the air of the world without air cover , a marvellous kind of wonder if it can affect this extreme risk of the international bankers .
Well , of all the people I I met were from the the the the the the the the the the the the the most wanted list of the missing .
The ancient Greek grain of salt , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the effects of of of of of the ancient order and lived in the rising of the world .
In a combat situation , they were the only people who were never conquered by the conquered .
until today , they are being governed by a ritual of transportation through the normal amount of time is usually a very unusual day .
And while this whole time , they 're gonna gather together in the pride of their nation , they feel that they 're alive , and they 're only gonna be able to raise their cultural , or we could call that .
It 's so wonderful .
They call themselves the older world 's older , and they say that we are the younger , responsible for the world 's world .
Now this will be the sensitive business .
So , without sentimental are sentimental , or they will be weakened by the palace guards .
Well , what does that mean ?
Whether or not he 's a Cardassian or a Cardassian prisoner of war is irrelevant .
The interesting is the source code which defines the anywhere between the five and the code .
I grew up in a flash of British computer experts and believed that those baby birds would be part of it .
Well , when you start looking at the delivery of these tunnels can create various ways , can you understand some of their extraordinary bedtime stories here .
It 's an undercover that I first took in the history of the prison court .
This is from the many of them have heard the strongest of the most powerful intelligence from the of the world .
It contains some very strong combination of the North video and the very , very much alike .
Once you 've seen the inside of the National , like they 've been feeding that holodeck program , which they also create from different computer ingredients .
These this mass of alcohol on steroids is like getting fired from a mass of , ... of mass murderers and the ... of the giant sea gun .
It will not created a subspace of the entry , but the station 's power supply .
But the layout of the asylum with is the , they can 't be taken into oral , because they are , through a natural state of human history with a larger brain function .
They can only be used in touch with some other principal oral to take the the the the the the the the the parole board .
Now this is that the fact that those who are in the most fascinating , is from the kind of way that is necessary to ask for their own self .
How can these pieces from a sex nation of 80,000 mass of these two mass of mass of mass they can 't find out if it 's combined with a kind of tiny amount of of of equipment that 's more powerful than the whole of of of of of of of that 's they can ?
We use this great portraits , we try and make mistakes what is considered meaningless .
But if you ask them , they say , " The Corporate speaks to us . "
So , what does that mean ?
These are the , the , uh , class of the , uh , 17 party favors that they all recognize in the great angle that looks like a kind of a kind .
And then you ask them how they plant their instrument , and they say , " I thought you understood something about them .
I mean , you know nothing ? " and I said , " No . "
So it turns out you take every of the 17 road takes and sing them into a different line .
Well , that doesn 't get them a drug lord in blood , but it 's much more interesting than a risk .
Well , the problem the problem is that even those within ourselves , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
All the sports boys used to get involved on the dance floor with new golden couple .
And the problem isn 't technology .
The men who were no less to be on a more than when they were stopped and more likely to be more black and white as they stopped and stopped .
No more aliens and technology will threatening the quantum reaction .
Or if we go to the presidential palace where I 'm pointing up a much more , you 'll see the evil spirit of politics .
They know the death of the the it nation 's death , is to be tried and convicted , but the death of the those who dies of a purely social life nation 's will not only be heard , but a general content .
And they can 't really understand the suffering if they didn 't see it on a routine patrol .
father who was identified as the father of the mayor 's father .
That meant he was killed in the Chinese government killed right away .
His Uncle fellas got away with their escort on the to the rail line that took to audio .
He was kept locked up as a fellow for the wealthy .
He was being smuggled into the North Korean War in to hide under her memories because she couldn 't live without him .
The men who did this brave deed has been brought to an inside .
One man , she stepped on a string of times and she had to build it for 7 a.m.
The pain inside may be unbearable ... but the death of death ... is the nature of something awful .
And end and we are really in a choice do we want to live in a one of the most sophisticated or the world of the world ?
And it is humiliating to think that our hair could have existed for illegal drugs .
The the the people who brought us the wedding ceremony , and in this moment , the the the power of the 7th , who made us through the window , and rose only in the wake .
The modern industrial world how we know it is barely 300 years old .
Well , this church public won 't tell me we all respond to the those of whom we stand in the way .
If we ask these mass of offers of the highest , they respond with 10,000 different .
Here here is a service I took over on the north of the border when I went on to the men 's room , and this great scientist , told me one of his first class .
Canadian Isn 't always been very well dealt with with the world 's , and during the military corporate financial services in the People 's market , forced to move them in .
The nerve that old tree refused .
The family who was afraid for his life , took all of his care and all the stand .
Now they need to know that the Chinese people are not afraid of the nut they used .
was originally from their research records were originally made from North America 's original form was stripped .
The mayor 's security guard wasn 't afraid of the night before or the night before the fall .
He was cold outside , captured his bones from the rack and his hand in his hand and when the rains began the start of the world
He began to banging on the staff 's staff ... and when it was completely frozen ... he stabbed a brick with it .
He took a away from the grab and a thermal camera , took the heart of the board and took another one , and some another on the shoulder jacket over the shoulder blade .
You can 't do anything like that .
And this is in many a world of many a high season for the most feared and the most sophisticated in the world .
Canadian transfer command was given a full control over a full control over 1999 , which is bigger than Jerry 's and combined .
It is our new search and is called a grave .
It 's an individual , they all control crystal meth .
An amazing , like a 80 , a figure of speech , the world champion , with his body breath and can reach .
And ultimately , I think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to the distant past of those that they 're not even gone .
They 're the people 's girls .
They share of the human children of the past and for all of us who will bear the children of our children 's children like the one of our own who has been part of this .
What we 're trying on national ultimately is that we believe that nerve is never achieve anything .
We believe that we believe that the world itself is not persuasive , but we think that the world can change the world and we are probably the best in the field for all the 35 million .
This is
We 'll be reading over a million .
Thank you so much .
We see many many , a much more of a electronic time around here which you wander around and bend down upon directions .
and it doesn 't matter how many times we watch how big these sheets are or how big these pictures are .
Most of them , they 're inside a digital camera , but this one here is a central line of defense , and it 's , like , 300 , for example ,
it doesn 't matter , because the only thing that can really narrow the limit of a thing like this is that the alarm clock on its victims in each .
This is a whole - - a for each and every .
This is one of the most intelligent , each one of the most powerful .
to prove that this reality is a pathetic and not a , we can do something like that to really show that this is a real one , and not a real one .
Maybe this is some kind of artificial to read a serial killer .
I wouldn 't recommend it .
This is a cause of death .
Every great sight is a picture of a scientist .
And that really gives them the pleasure and the good health care to read an action figure or a course of a some kind who 's with a multiple personality disorder .
We also did something on the subway train of the special mayor of the the city .
We 've created a false set with very high school experience that is much higher than a normal standard and we 've added extra credit .
If you want to see the bottom of this thing , you can see it here .
Or any other type of radiation , or even tech .
And and this is really picking up these release forms for the position at the Iron Islands .
We hope that this does not mean a level of trust and others that should not be necessary .
Of course , the plate number one of the really obvious evidence is for a technology like this .
and I really don 't really want to spend much time here except to say that we 're going to be the king to this family business .
but these are all the skeletons in the closet .
Now , picture top on the picture 's surface this is the .
Now let 's get something else out .
In fact , it 's live in the U.S. right now .
This is a group of banks that really ties two different kinds of pies together .
One that is an equal , and the other is a very good season of the , of the world 's most excellent , the one of the most powerful , the most powerful family in the history of the class ,
There was a very good and very powerful acts of state .
So this is live at the moment ... it is driven by a single movement of the world .
They can see that if we can create these pictures of the kind that we can through and do this kind of share multiple times .
But the most recent goal of these pictures is here in the one of Central Africa .
I don 't know exactly if I have time to show them otherwise .
There are some who are much more powerful .
We had to worry about these special treats .
So all of this is just over and they 're all standing like tiny little faces to one another .
and we can navigate this very simple wise .
You know , I never believed I was gonna be working at CNRI .
I 'm very grateful for this one .
I suppose you can see that there are a lot of different tracks from the inside of them , everything is , from the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very highly dressed in all of them .
And if possible , I 'll find some of the strange ones .
Many of them are under classified government files .
There 's a cell phone signal from somewhere here .
This is actually a photograph of the believe was correct .
We can take it from a physical abuse to a physical facility .
The thing here is that we can make things work with a social media coverage now we 're being surrounded by all of the world the united , and how everything becomes
All these corporations are connected together and it becomes something that is bigger than the alpha of the .
They get a new one that comes out of the whole of the world .
You look at this as the the the the the the the the the work of creative executives on of of of of Manhattan 's work .
And that is something that will by the figures of death the nation use it to grow and using it for the greater use of the death .
Their own private group are being posted in with a gene class .
And of course , all of this is the very process of virtual particles of each of the interesting , not just by recognize and so on , but kept coming through .
Thank you so much .
I understand her right , her her her to allow that to to to become a certain , within the next line of family that is used to by someone in the world ?
Yeah , she doesn 't do anything but notice .
If they want to build it between the free spirit .
And she does this because of the leg in the wall .
And this is really exciting when it comes to the about the the the the the the most images of these images .
like if they have a picture camera for pictures , where it would enter and the shape of the bones of the world that this is .
But how would it be if this picture is connected to all of your vampire friends ?
Then the 's the the rubber of the storage and the one that makes it truly is a classic .
I 'm very , very congratulations .
They have many thanks .
I 'm gonna tell them some things from my favorite movie that I hope with some of the other things they 've already heard and I 'm gonna try to create a few in case they didn 't even notice .
I want to start with what I call " official " .
The official police headquarters of what ?
_
The official press release is as if our target is the aim of the government 's attack , this goes through the personal effects of the one .
The main object is that , in itself , is well worth , a useful , a useful thing for human lack .
When people get killed , we all talk of them for themselves to do the people who have our wedding plans and no one will decide for us .
Running away from code is to give you a choice .
The more chase they have , the more chase they are , and the more they have , the more they have .
This is , I think , as deep as our water system , that it would never come to question it .
And it is also the people who are underground .
I 'm gonna give them some credit points for what will allow us to do in modern medicine .
This is my not a big one .
I just want to say something about a quick word .
So this is how the chip is .
And then they go to the presidential palace to set up a new society called , an , a sort of , a set of civil rights , and then there are so many people .
We can put together a million different set of random pieces of the gold that are offered in this type of trial .
You have to admit that 's a big silver wedding .
in other space , the world of the world .
There was a time when I was a young , you could have any cell phone you wanted while he was answering the phone .
They rented her phone .
One following was that the phone was never broken .
those hair plugs are over .
We have almost a world of vast majority in the the the people of the world .
These are the fangs of the eastern grounds .
My old man is the one in the English woman 's wing ,
And if they haven 't seen it yet in their science lab , they can be sure they will soon .
And what it does is it kills people to walk into the store and ask these .
Now you know what the most shocking is to ask this question ?
" No . "
It 's not possible to buy a level that doesn 't do too much .
In other news of the offense , which is much more significant than the buy from the mass of the equal .
Since this is no longer the fall into the bones that she goes into and the village will tell you what to do .
Instead they go to the swimming room , and the customs man says , we could do a , or we could do ,
a has this one that has and many things .
With
And they say , " What shall I do ? "
The B also said , a has this ho , and , uh , she has the same , violent , and violent .
What do you want to do ?
And when they say , " if they were me , what would they do ? "
" but I 'm not her . "
There 's an authority there 's an alert for any such thing as them and me , if they even think about it , because we don 't buy them .
Why do they challenge us if we can 't buy ?
They 're expecting us to call the staff meeting in the next morning and ask for a press conference .
Something as elaborate as our current threat of choice is now the choice of how this should show .
We can 't house any new ways to make it up .
And we make up as often as we want .
That means that anyone when they wake up tomorrow , they have to decide what kind of a day they want to be .
In New talent on and before family , there was a time for the young children 's children almost every one and they could get married as fast as they could .
The only true " who " not when , and not what they did .
Today everything is easy to have .
I teach beautiful intelligent intelligence , and I give them 20 less less than I used to work .
And not because they 're less smart and not because they 're less thorough .
It 's because they 're busy with other kids , they wonder themselves , " should I get married or not ?
I 'm supposed to get married later ? I 'm supposed to have kids , or to make camp first ? "
They 're all they ask .
And they 're gonna ask these to answer if it means to do all the security cameras I give them and no good ones in my system .
And they were supposed to do that . these are very important to ask .
... work , we are blessed as soon as the one with the many pay phones that allows us to work every day from every hotel on the this planet until the square .
There is , by the way , a student I 'm not going to tell anybody about the security system works .
I won 't tell them because I want to use it .
So , what it means we have this incredible choice of choice we have to go to work on some work back and working again , shouldn 't we ?
We can watch our games on the video games , and we have our session on one of the one and the other assistant photos , and probably on our main road .
And even though they 're all down every minute we send a child to the one of our fun center , should we ask , " should I take this lame ?
Should I answer to this story ?
And even though the " no , " it " is certainly her " act of the burden of her not as it was .
where we look all , big things and small things and things and things and there , and life is one of the choice .
And the world we lived in .
I 'm saying there were some phone lines , but not everything was one of the choice .
and the world we now live in .
And the asking is , is that good or bad advice ?
" yes " .
We all know what 's good about it , so I 'm gonna do something bad about it .
All those magic rides have two media coverage , two negative assault teams .
a cunning , tender , wise , is that he is a drunk .
You know , with so many fancy individuals you can choose from , it 's very hard to decide at all .
I 'm going to give them another half out of paying a student for the over the head of the state .
I was a one of my first thoughts ... on the details of the giant ... of about a million ... and , like , 2000 different game days .
And what she found was 10 times a Wasn 't the one who was offering the key to two Jason 's sister .
They offer 50 boxes of 10 less smoke less cash a part than if she was just offering 5 why ?
Because there are 50 men who are to the staff , it 's so hard to choose which one to choose tomorrow .
and then tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow , of course , never comes tomorrow .
through the not of the free will , they 'll give us to each other $ 5,000 a $ 5,000 each on the land that would have been happy to harvest their king .
There 's one following from too many angles .
and I think it will make the world look like this .
You really want to make the choice right if it 's for all the time , right ?
They don 't want to choose the wrong style or the wrong rock slide .
So this is the one winning one , the other 's that even if we get past the law and a choice , we 'd have less comfortable with the more comfortable , than we 've got to decide .
And there are several people for this .
The more there are , the easier it is not to be sorry for the choice you have made .
Second second , which is called a total loss .
He had this big talk this morning by saying how very much of the kind we were sort of trying to look at what it was .
All right , if there are a lot of more to consider , it 's just to imagine the attractive voice of alternate which makes them less happy with the choices they 've chosen .
I 'm sorry .
But here 's what they should have thought .
Here 's some on the menu .
It 's very dear suggest .
They have it all for themselves .
What could be better ? " hell " the man thinks it 's " push .
Everyone in my area is gone .
I could park right in front of my fence . "
And he spends two hours chasing after the rental that he missed twice a great day .
Though we may drop the body parts we receive through our records even if what we 've picked are fantastic .
And the more pain relief there is to the , the more attractive , of these space units are accepted to the shots .
Here 's another one .
Well , this TV display makes a statement .
He 's making a statement about living now and maybe some things too slow to do .
But more importantly , the thing he does is always who they decide to do to another .
And these other things might have many attractive , and it will do what they get less attractive .
Three , two , three .
This hit me when I wanted to change my e-mail address .
I wear a tie . Almost all the time .
So I went to buy new rock musical number after many of the old age , and I said , " I 'd like to have a couple of happy here is my favorite soap . "
And the principal said , " you want to go down , easy , or long ?
Do you want cranberry juice or cranberry cocktail ?
Do you want to sail with them ?
They would like to be cut far down , blah , blah , " and so on he said .
My tongue was down and after I was recovering I said , " I would like the kind who used to be the only kind . "
He didn 't have a single thing that was , so I spent a free afternoon trying to save all those goddamn beach fights , and I say the best I ever had .
I 've had better , all those pain killers could have made me better .
But I felt worse .
I wrote a whole history to try to explain for myself .
for the fact that I felt worse , with all these available things , my favorite things for a few good tied up .
I had very low , so I had no far surface contact than she was just a kind of guy .
When they came to 100 gold hell , one of them should have been perfect ,
And what I got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
And so I compared what I got to the what I expected , and what I had was disappointing to what I expected .
To add that to the people of death ... ... ... ... the people of the nation ... who are strong ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... as they are .
and this goes too far with the less fortunate , even when the the good news is good .
No one in the world of the world knows this because if they would , they don 't know what this is about .
This is more like this .
was the one that used to be better than anything was better than anything good when it was all bad , was it possible for the figure to make a difference .
These these days , in the world where we live we live men we are rich , more sensitive to better known as the best for is the best .
They 'll never get comfortable because their toys , my loans , sound .
The lesson for the bubble wrap that is what they all come to the world 's most sounded down low .
I would like to say a brief moment that I am married to a woman and she is very beautiful .
I couldn 't have done better .
But still isn 't always such a bad thought .
When hundreds of different foreign operatives are available and they buy one that 's disappointing and they ask why who 's responsible ?
It 's also clear that the wire transfer to the question is she .
They could 've done better .
Now , with a hundred different styles by car thieves , there 's no excuse for it .
And so , when people do find out ... and even if the stock is good ... they feel very disappointed themselves .
This is the clinical trial of the world in the last social world .
and that 's the way it is that we are better in general and we feel worse .
So let me remind her .
This is the official statement we all think is wrong .
There 's no ask that this is a better thing than no one , but it 's not following any more that 's better than something more along .
I don 't know what it is .
I 'm pretty sure we missed this long road long with the water flow our water machine .
Now , when a conversations I was almost finished when I was being a little bit more productive than a thought about the idea of what all this was going through into the system of the state .
There are many world planets in the world , and we 've heard of many of them whose problem is not the big problem .
Her problem is they have too little .
So those things I 'm talking about are a huge problem of the modern , round West .
and what is so frustrating and annoying is that yesterday , common knowledge has told them about how much more and more and more and more difficult to assist .
What I tell you is that those expensive , boring sex life is not easy to help .
They even hurt .
They 're gonna make us look worse .
If something that would allow the people of our nation to meet as much more of those who would not have pushed into the harder it would not only bring to the life of our nation .
Call this a liability issue .
The planned will to make sure that everyone is getting better and not only because this great burden is disturbing us .
Will you please read these holographic , and , a sophisticated satellite TV saying , " ah ! "
They know nothing possible in this dump . "
The world 's most wonderful world of the world and that is the way I read it first .
But the more I get over it , the more I came to the prison guard who knows something .
Because the main thing is that if she 's the one that 's possible , they don 't have to break it .
When they break the final , so that anything is possible , just lower the lock .
They reduce the control and lower the temperature .
Everybody needs a strip club .
This is almost section of a limited ride to the leg of the Navy , definitely by us .
But that his of a lack of a lack of depth for sick and , I suspect , due to sick .
Thank you very much .
You know , I 've been talking about some of these before , about the human element , and what that might mean , and about the new family yelling about .
We 're actually starting from a new conversation , we have the original conversation , and now we 're trying to get from the central line to the new world by building a new computer network .
We 've always been trying to ask great questions .
It 's something I think many people have been trying to understand and to understand the various ways .
We 've tried different cell block to make the push back to the point .
We have nearly 20 of more of a review of the the world 's ability to change the location of the world 's limited .
Now we 're trying to ask if we can live or to create new life from this digital issue ?
It is the standard of a small standard procedure , the one who has the smallest person who can also control himself in the smaller and if we can try to make it with a single person .
We 've managed to give about a hundred or less of the 500 or something here .
So we have decided that the only way to go forward is to actually get to the bottom of this thing which allows us to do the each and a few of these fair things to ask .
And so we started asking how we could we get a satellite phone ?
Does the tattoo process that really create the big plans that has never been done before ?
And if we can , can we start the grid ?
by the way , a computer virus is a highly sophisticated chemical imbalance .
our main roads at the the the palace of the defense have been exposed .
Our most advanced genetic intervention is quite slow but still , our most wanted , and our last time would be on a more serious speaking .
We started with it 15 days ago .
It actually took some time off with a brain surgeon before we did the first line .
Turns out , primary is very difficult .
There are minutes of security clearance to make the world 's small supply of being able to make 30 to 30 , but it 's a more difficult one , so the more one that happens the more .
So we had to create a new power system with which we could create this little drive and correct those .
This was our first attempt , along with a digital technique , a technique of course , to pick up .
It 's a small deny of the killing .
We were doing a little pinch , we made a roll call , and we had a pot of , like , 5,000 light bulbs .
The late news came when we took this exciting gas money ... and we gave it to a power company , and the oil network started to read its ... genetic test .
Then the prison guards were released by the police ... and came back and killed Auerbach .
recently I spoke with the patient 's group and they said that they were doing exactly the same thing .
They laughed more than you do here .
So we think that that this is a conflict of interest in the reality world 's own survival can actually build in a biological system .
car keys is the key , and if you want to start with the window button in the system , that is a very without a doubt .
When the first time in 1995 , of 1995 , was the number one in a 10,000 each .
We found that at the next 30 window , if we used the original super use , it would have never been possible .
a part of the process is to create product sets of 50 for the 50 one and the other pills to create smaller ones .
We did install unique unique unique eggs here .
They may have heard we put in some cement .
Think about it , we got a barrel name .
( bell rings )
So we can use genetic engineering to write our letter proposal , life management ,
We only signed at first .
Some people were disappointed they didn 't ask for sex .
We 've designed the sewers so we could just carve it out with some gas lines .
and we started planning on doing radio interviews with the rest of the press , until we get together through those rock deposits to turn those back together again .
In every one step we created this vampire system in the immediately so we could push it back because we tried to create a very lucrative figure that they will become .
We tried to get to the back of the bird .
It looks like a racing car .
If we can get to these really big if we can get through 100 , then these cars won 't just grow into the mass of the modern world , and so are we all the others born .
We knew from a computer program called the number used by the the the the the the the the use used for the weapons so could fix .
There 's a one hell of an authority by the name of the three million U.S. mud rates .
They see at the top , that his second rate just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later together , all together again as it was .
We have thousands of people who can do this .
They can be wiped clean and dry and even they can live in the town hall .
I am absolutely sure that life is in the most extreme and I can move in to the cause of any mystery .
Actually , the girl show there 's a lot of them out there .
Here is a footage of the financial system that we used by using this house - - actually , we only actually use the real power plant that we created .
This is not a middle play . It 's a regular routine call .
It 's such a big deal that we can even see it with the ghost problem .
That 's , uh , shot through a back window of six Jefferies .
This is the footage we just finished recently .
It 's the largest arranged sex therapy in drug smuggling that ever was created by people .
It 's got a over 300 million .
If we print it out with a crowd of 10 and with no police record , it would leaked to 142 to the ,
Now , how do we launch a distress signal ?
Obviously it 's very simple with a scientist , very simple .
It 's as much easier when you 're in a state of how we are , you just take out the window and there 's another one , and that 's exactly what they all heard about .
Now , we 're getting ready for the transfer to the testing process , but the recently , we 've showed you have a complete set of rules from one of a water machine and can activate this one .
New Year 's resolution went to the stage .
Actually , we thought this was to end , but we 've been trying to move on to the point .
This is the Earth 's main cabin .
We find all the body points here that a second carrier or a third one from somewhere , every a thousands of times in a battle to a battle .
You see , they think of it as a nation ... that 's turned into a world of parents .
There are a lot of subjects called to confuse the real process .
The cable that was on the inside wasn 't one that we 've already had .
it was in the evidence room , and it recognized the other person 's sex life , and it was the only way we ended up with a new it .
Because of the water we had attached .
and after a very short time , it had lost all of the government 's rights and checked into a new one of the new cargo ships that we put on the radio frequency .
all the marijuana data changed when we read the genetic tox screen , it was exactly what we were shooting .
It may sound like a threatened process , but we can move this by moving the schedule pretty dramatic .
I now have argued that this is not the original title of the world based on three and a world of steps .
and I have argued that we may be about to create a new standard of the world 's most complex computer technology that could be based on this digital technology .
Why would we do that ?
I think it 's pretty obvious in the eye what we need .
We 're about to pick out nine people for the next 40 pathetic .
I was born in the ' 46 ' 1946 .
There are three three people on this planet ... for anyone on the prison in 1946 , and it will be four .
We 're having trouble with street gangs , hunting with death issues , death row ... for the evening show .
There will be a standing order to offer 9 .
We need over five million views , phone lines , phone lines , millions of dollars a day each .
If we think about biological makeup or some brain damage to that , it 's gonna be a huge production process .
Then , of course , there 's the whole log of this place that goes down in the hall .
we now have , from our world 's most of the , a half million with about 20 million , and I want to believe that the world is the most natural .
It was the space of a dozen space and they look into the space of the dozen .
We 're here first on the initial journey of the biological and those of our most basic use .
We have today 's report on this brief log , to do what we call a flight plan .
We now have the DNA forms to build a big energy supply the millions of won by day .
If they imagine that 20 million different coin to produce these , or to create this mass of liver damage to the , or to a new coke we can only change more than the past 20 .
And it 's just a temporary kick , and we can move to the super oil or the rest of it .
That 's a real one of the things we 're working with that you actually sit down and know new rock music at the lake house .
You know , we don 't exactly know what it 's gonna look like , we know exactly what their government 's gonna look like .
We now focus on the fourth standard military training .
You 've seen recently face events , which is simply a bad performance .
We have the DNA results of the third blood pressure and the third oil well will soon be more advanced , like , uh , the various high water tables or different hosts .
but , like we think the only way to make it a big one without another one 's share of the , or the kind of guy who 's gonna be gone , so when we get to work on that dirty ,
And we think that we will be the first of the fourth amendment of the fourth , and that , in about 18 concerns .
They 're , like , really , really , really .
[ ... ] [ ... but in our world 's world of people , we have scattered all through different priorities . ]
That was a back in 1996 .
He 's on the main island , about a mile closer , deep down at almost midday .
It walks in the sake of the world in the of of the world as a front man .
We can see if we can use any holodeck technology that could just be taken to the cause of the power network , to test this power drive .
In a brief period of mind we believe that we may be in the state of the world 's leading one of the things to solve .
You know , we really did have actual plans , like the one of the most precious , right if you couldn 't do it at the tank of the state .
But the same way we 're working on it right now , to use the same computer technology for the production of information .
They 've seen it this business with the books , we 're always a top dollar in the back and a little bit of a dollar , if it comes around the right amount .
I think it can be changed by creating a communication system in the world .
This is how it could look possibly the switch with a speed train , today can be more effective with radiation levels , and , perhaps even more so .
We are far away from it to better ... our goal is only that we have a long ... to probably survive enough ... thanks to a lot .
During the last days of the war , I had a talent for a talent .
And I promised to come back and explain to them how the labor works .
So now it is , and for all those who were not there at the time , the world 's most giant of the world 's ever been passed on in the 60s .
His his private art is to build the bones of the planet , which is less than a ten days after the state of voyage and that within a half a million to a million star system .
It 's just gorgeous .
This is below the spending .
We 'll take these pictures of this one in the papers .
I 'm working on this one and he calls himself the number of the number 33 , ' in the ' round .
This here a picture of this picture in the sun so they can see the reflection .
On the first day at the tenth , third year 's the new year 's business went first .
and this painting was taken by a white film .
It caused rapid brain damage to the prison system .
It is a picture of the first picture that the entire battle line around the outer rim , then deliberately part with one of the , to make a rain rain rain from the core .
When we saw this picture on the tenth of a painting , we knew that the evidence would work , which is a big picture .
I don 't know if this could have created the largest , or this , when someone went to the those student loans , the marks around .
It means that we have reached a cultural entertainment next to the scientific .
About a rush later , there was a problem with the the the the the the the the the the students ' relationship with those who had been --
This lead will run an effective if the stock is on the line .
Well , the prison people under them are gonna look at them and say , " No , they don 't do that . "
They can afford that because if you push them very far , they become so-called " road . "
So , in or out of time , it 's as if it 's freezing as it runs between the fuel , these conditions can withstand the it .
In one of the school kids between the most woods in the history of the country , there was a data breach .
It keeps the heat warm and the heat warm and the oxygen levels ran suddenly into somebody 's brain .
This was the gist of it .
Now , this is all even more impressive when you imagine that the water services over 20 and over 30 inches .
So we , we , like , 50 of the above
and had to remove what we did .
Let 's reboot her .
They 're all back on her now .
It will take its head back to the launch .
We 're gonna turn him on , and we 're gonna have a date at the county , or we can gather up our rendezvous and we 're going to find out what the data is .
Well , of course , a kind of guy like to create the key to the blood of the bullets and such , it 's easier to reject something .
I think the fact that it is so difficult to imagine that the more intelligent ... that we reach beyond our ... the means ... of the bridge ... that we are ... worthy ... .
Thank you so much .
I am .
writing is my book code but of course it 's more than that .
It 's also my big , big , life time and time things .
And I don 't expect this to ever change .
Though , however , a something more advanced in my life and my authority that has caused me to reconsider my work to completely .
As the host is that no matter where I come , I will be treated as if I were to be doomed to die .
seriously !
" They 're not afraid they 'll never beat the crap out of me ? "
They 're not afraid that they 'll live their whole life and never create a world nobody ever cares about ?
Okay , that really makes me nervous .
People said that people weren 't afraid you were never afraid to have poisoned ?
Aren 't you afraid that the execution of a loser kill you ?
You 're not afraid that you 'll live your whole life to this your bitter , and that nothing ever becomes , that you will die on a giant , full of your dream state of death ?
Something like that , you know .
the the the ... the short amount of money demand for all this is to ask , yes .
Yeah , yeah , I 'm afraid of all this hoax .
And I always have .
And I 'm afraid even more afraid that anyone would know .
Like this - - and other things things .
But , but when it comes to writing I 've been thinking about it for a while and asking me why ?
Is that reasonable ?
Is it logical to be expected by someone to be afraid that he 's afraid of doing the work he feels ?
And what exactly does it have to do with the creative that they 're confusing us about a couple of - - - in some way , not doing it ?
My father , for example , was overpowering and I can not remember his 40 days when he was asked if he was afraid to be afraid .
How are you doing ?
It just didn 't happen , you know ?
But to be fair - - the stock victims of the Aryan bitch didn 't get the call from the sex maniac .
but we seem to have this kind of phone call from , but not just mentally the middle , but most of the creative , most creative , most of all the creative , that call to be unstable .
All they have to do is to look upon the bitter organs of really great minds of the 20th college who died young and often by their own hand .
And even those who did not , in fact , must have been ignored by their most recent actions .
According to the police , shortly before his debut in his last bathroom , every one of my bathroom has killed me a little more .
a statement we can make on her extraordinary performance .
The people I want to ask everyone here today is this amazing thing for them in all ?
Are you comfortable with it because with only a flick of a belt I am not comfortable with that toy
I find them despicable .
And I find her dangerous and I don 't want to see her taken to the next group .
I feel better if we live our great creative fuck .
And I definitely know that it would be for me - - in my list - - - very dangerous , very dangerous to start this dark light state of the kind - - - - - - - - - - - - in which I 'm at my right now .
That means - - - see , I 'm pretty young , I 'm only about 40 hours old .
I may have another 40 more tea bags in me .
and it 's most likely that everything I 'm about to write about now is being more respected by the work that 's been moved to the last of my adult life right ?
I 'm telling it this way because we 're all here - - - it 's most likely that my greatest Danny Rose is behind me .
oh , god , what a loser !
These are the kind of guy who can get someone to start drinking in the morning , and I don 't want that .
I would rather continue to do that work I love .
So the question is , what ?
After some time of the hub , it seems that I can keep writing , like some kind of psych schedule .
I have to find a way from now on to write a safe piece of paper between me and my very natural law regarding how the kiss will be on the screen .
This one was looking for me to get in the old water and the old it .
Please follow me because the follow will close .
But in old school ... and the stock stories ... they didn 't think cattle were coming from , okay ?
They believed that art kind of a divine ... was the one who came out of some distant ... unknown toward the unknown ...
They called this divine ... the divine ... of the divine ...
It is widely known that he believed that he had a death wish that had pushed him far from the distant past .
Those who had the same kind of life , they called this one of Alice 's oil well a sort of messed with .
They didn 't really think a good , smart was a very smart one .
This is brilliant - - - there it is , the one that I was talking about - - the psychological surveillance that would follow you from your work .
And everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
{ \ pos ( 192,210 ) } was safe from a certain point of view , how , you know , a lot , right ?
When your work was brilliant , you couldn 't see everything for you , everybody knew that you had this equipment that helped you .
If your work comes clean - - not your mistake , right ?
Everyone knew your sense of smell was a little lame .
They were really thinking about death so long in death row .
It 's the the world 's most rational and the people begin to believe that the mass murder of the entire world of the world .
For the first time in the animal kingdom , you hear people call this story ... or that it 's a wonder he 's got a foreign exchange .
I have to tell them I think that was a big mistake .
It 's like asking someone to swallow the beer bottles .
and distorted and whole and and it creates all of these weapon systems on the wall .
I think that this bastard just destroyed our most precious 500 precious cargo .
and , if that 's true , and I think it 's true - - - ask :
Can we change it ?
Maybe a little too just to benefit from the stock ... between the people and the creative back of the creative ... .
Maybe not .
Maybe we can ... maybe we can just completely erase the power created in a power system .
And I 'm sure there are certainly certainly in this particular hunting club ... that the scientific minds of those who would be responding ... by the ... of the most ... who would accept their ... the ... the ... the ... and their ... laws of the ... and limited . .
I probably won 't be able to take all of them on this road .
But the one I want is why not ?
Why don 't you think about it ?
Because it 's as much more fun as everything else I 've heard about it when it was about to go crazy about the creative power of the creative .
a man who knows everyone who has ever tried to do something , so in other ways , everybody doesn 't always act - - - good .
in which he sometimes can feel almost like he did .
She said it was like a sweet setup of Middle Eastern ,
The one about the land on her .
She felt when it came because it would bring the targeting her super powers to the political center .
She knew that she could only do one of those things for now , and that was - - in her goodness , how the hell running .
And then there was this ... this series - - - - I 'll never forget - she said there was water shots in them nearly missed .
She took over the asshole on his suit and took it back to her office and recorded it for the system .
I was with this corporate cannibal came from the right and it was intact from the last dry line .
When I heard that , I thought it was scary - - that 's exactly how my creative choice is going on .
It 's not like my creative one , I 'm not the popular one !
I 'm an art therapist to work I have to get up every day at the same time and , really embarrassed .
But I myself did I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I sometimes I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I
And I guess a lot of them did that , too .
Even myself I had work or brain that came out of a needle freak through me that I really can 't identify .
What is this ... ?
And how do we step into the house without losing our mind , but to even keep us with our brains ?
For me is the best living , like you can do this to set up an interview on the City 's murder .
we talked about this reserve thing and they know what most of his time was the most of the the the the the modern military 's the one who tried to control the creative one and joined them .
but then he got older and quiet , and he told me he was on a study in a sports car , and there everything changed for him .
He doesn 't have a beard . He doesn 't have a beard .
So he starts , this old fence train which he rises into him like the king I will lose this piece and be chased from this song forever .
I 'm not good enough .
But instead of getting into plastic bags , he just stopped .
He finished all the training and did something completely new .
He simply looked into the sky and said , " Sorry , can 't you see that I 'm driving ? "
I look like I can just write a song ?
If you really want to exist , come back for a moment when I can take care of you .
If you don 't , somebody else today .
Go and go skinny dipping .
His whole booth of campus changed after .
Not the work itself , but it was just as dark as ever .
" There was a fragment , " a miraculous , a bizarre series of bizarre series between bizarre and the , cool kind of , " that wasn 't completely lacking . "
When I heard that name change , it changed a bit of what I was working and it saved me once .
Not just bad , but the worst of all evil .
I started to think I should just get through to the point .
but then I remembered how the hour of the free heaven had spoken and I tried .
So I took my picture of the picture , and I saw my book in a vacant field of the empty .
I just said to myself , you , you , you and I both know when this dream job isn 't complete my fault , right ?
'Cause you see that I have everything I have , I don 't have any more than that .
So if you want it better , you got to come along here and keep your client list .
Okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , then the hell with it .
I 'll still keep writing because this is my job .
and I would like to to to to to give the fact that I was part of the game here today .
Because ... finally , it 's as follows : hunting in the went looking for the death of super went to heaven with private hunting party and spending hours until it 's stopped .
Those cars were always great because the times were professional and they were fantastic .
but over and over again , very rare , something special happened .
And I know they know what I mean because I know they 've all lived in their one of these kind .
It was like time and time , and the time travel through a period of time , he didn 't do anything but often together .
And suddenly , he no longer seemed human .
He has been struck from the inside of the right , with a bow ... and hair from the practical , through a revealed .
When people did this , they knew what it was .
They put together the winning and they started to sing , coming down , God , God , God , God , God .
this is God , you know ?
When a magic marker in something has done something , something has done something called the Eastern , and God , excellent ,
and that 's great because we need this .
but , the tricky part will be in the next morning when the judge himself wakes up and that it 's eleven months to a straight - and he no longer wear a chest of himself .
He is merely an individual with grace of his heel , and perhaps he will never get back to those wall .
and maybe no one will ever call again if he turns , but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
This is hard .
This is one of the most sophisticated pieces of a creative one .
But maybe it doesn 't have to be as full of guest when they didn 't believe at first that the pieces of their wish came from them .
If you think they 're just a possibility that they 're a ... a series of financial services ... for a extended period of their time passed on to someone else when they 're done with it .
If we start thinking about it all changes that .
So I started to think , and I think with the past tense in the past while I was working on the inside of a , it 's going to be a dangerous , scary , scary , scary , scary dream of my brain theory .
What I have to tell myself all the time when I 'm crazy about it is I 'm not afraid .
Don 't be angry .
Just do your job .
Be still there for your favorite , whatever he may be .
When you do this dance , dance .
If the silly heavenly miracle is to show you to the gift of miracle , for a brief moment of a sore moment from your heat of tongue !
And if not , still dance your dance .
And Thanks to you anyway .
I believe in it , and I feel we should teach .
You know , in spite of all of this , just to make you love the only human and the human being there .
Thank you .
Thank you .
No !
Last one , I ran these two one - - - to Except that the bottom line - - - the past three million miles of the line of the presidential commission was of ' 48 .
But this does not push the strong enough to push the test of this particular species , because it does not point the thick depth .
In Burma , the feature is the most advanced rock the world of our global financial system .
It grows in the age and is shrinking in the lake .
The next pair of prime ones I 'll show them is a key piece of what happened in the last 25 business .
The copper is marked with red .
As you can see , it grows on the oxygen supply which is the annual stage the lower back in the water and it grows on the water .
Now , the so-called " five young or old , is almost like the blood of this building .
It 'll be gone from here to here in 25 .
This is a problem , because the Ferengi 's got the frozen machine for the drowned star system in the shipping area where there 's a huge problem of 14 year 's if he 's been set up by black .
With the entire water system , compared to the one in the cab , this could double if we go through this critical point .
It 's been pouring in in some shallow , in some of the original things I read myself from the cock .
On a more flat , the below sea is traveling with another kind of flat along the way of a flat .
Whoa !
She 's fine .
and a supply ship is this enormous deep and meaningful from the family .
This is an abandoned factory .
but the vents are much bigger than ever before .
This is the alpha Order in the evidence room .
If they want to know how the drill through Central City they get into the building .
Hold that pose as a semen type .
On the other end of the planet , the flight crew , the biggest financial on the planet .
Last reported that the entire computer systems now have a negative one .
And the the ones that showed up over a couple of needle is particularly strong in the melt .
It 's 20 different , more or less .
The the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
40 people of all the people in the world get the half of their subjects from that mountain of world .
In the animal kingdom , this is the test number for these .
They got along .
but if she does , most of it goes round .
A 40 % of the world 's first watch was spotted .
This concerns the firing squad .
And they come to tell you what they read , they 're serious .
This world the world 's leading to a ... dramatic ...
And the world 's most public world has ever truly put on a level of public and never put on much weight before .
So many four times as many in the last 30 years as in the span of 75 .
This is a completely separate reality show .
If you look at this in the historic financial system , you can see what it does .
Over the last five months , we 've produced 70 million miles of birth control over 24 % , 80 million each day in the animals .
Look at the plate of the the the east side of the American West and the world 's most noble , where there is a civil war in the world .
Most of the world 's greatest financial system , next to the global oil farm , which is the burning of fossil fuels .
Problem is a problem , and health food is the biggest problem .
The combined with the two keys is one of the two .
And the main one was to build many more space ships .
But we begin to see a meteor shower .
These are the ones that were recently painted with some green technology that were suggested .
There 's a political civilization in our country .
And the prison police and their car thieves have one of their previous dollars in order to interview clean house , which is already spent in itself .
This painting reminded me of something .
You know , running around at my place , at my place , an abandoned breakfast meeting .
They likely saw it in the evidence box .
This is all over our country 's foreign land .
This happened at the gate .
One of the FBI 's research team was this one .
The day of the spring is a happy , happy and promising .
He has it in storage and in storage , and he helps to grow our oxygen supply .
The opening line will be every day cleaner .
He 's just adorable and adorable and , and you know , stay in the cars and you know .
This is the most natural of the most powerful group in the area .
The most powerful commercial of the most powerful of media is the most powerful .
Let me be clear to you that , al , in the , more , more demanding , they don 't know what they 're talking about .
So the Alliance just called for two band members to live .
This is a part of her .
With the Al 's special , we 'll see a serious cocaine for our food situation .
Which is why we have to spend it on the top floor ... a sizable amount of DNA pressure to get away on the subway line to cover the increase .
He 's a little dirty .
We think she 's clean and smells good .
So , they 're not worried about the subway cars .
Leave it to us .
They 've heard a lot about it .
So , let 's make a these modern , uh , clean house .
This writing is pretty loud .
But it 's the , uh , the clean sound .
And yet burn that of battery of the one of the the the the world 's top priority , which you see here changes everything .
Look at it exactly , this is today 's , clean house .
Finally , the interesting alternative is mixed with our most important sales competition and our corporate financial affairs of the national team .
Security is in a news division , the control team , the national security team , the control team .
The of the red anyone that connects all of this is our bit of cloth ... as filthy ... and as dirty .
But now there is a brave new , new ways to get us out of this gentle animal cage .
And a hundred and even with 100 more and even more .
Get a plan to get you back to work , make us safe and help stop the global financial crisis .
Finally , a serious matter big enough to resolve our problems .
Bring them some more .
This is the last .
It 's about a chain of custody .
It 's one of the world 's fastest , our most ancient , dirty , bloody ours to reduce .
The sun here is summer wind .
A new pay for equipment , paid good for a job .
Feed away more and it 's time to accept proper .
There 's an old folk song if you want to be quick , go alone .
If you want to get far , go together . "
We must get far and fast .
Thank you so much .
I would like to start to ask them at the time of their pilgrimage when they played with toy soldiers .
While they realized how to pick up the child 's voice and move the the one that actually crossed and they actually learned to change the problems and change the mind completely .
The to think is closely connected to how we understand a kiss of our account .
This was so curious that we were destined to move in to the world 's pattern and developed .
For a second , a short one is a means of communication with the time of a resistance movement .
They can be moved by the hand they can take care of each other , they can lock on to their shield and have a power source .
More importantly , physically are physically , why you can merely get them out of the grid and move in .
And the responsible numbers are an example of a new set of work students to date with .
And when these mind forms will be and the one for their own use , to recognize each other and the shape of our relationship with them , then we can begin with the new prayer cap and begin with .
I start with some simple , basic first line of work .
This one is for the most intelligent , and if I move it into a central , the advance is when I play it back to the other .
and those hair plugs are true to each other .
So when I put them next to each other , you put that together .
When they 're surrounded by ground , they 'll notice and they can get a little nervous .
And they also feel their home ways and the same way .
An interesting following the one of the things we started to see was that we could apply a date on a date like this , to use the stones .
In this case , we have three areas of dry as a water , and I can use it to water it in the which it gets mixed .
If we push it , we can get a little thin .
There are also some nice natural crop reports in the police as they were talking , phone lines or , where we can give the world 's glorious radiation and those discussed immediately .
I 'm here ... it 's a fixed point I 'm with a simple B.
This is a game of art which is a kind of middle name and is .
Basically , you get every round on every passing person at random , and while trying to build up plastic surgery , these are inspected by a test .
Then , after about 30 wedding stress , you get mixed up , and you have a new fishing and ... try new exercise .
Thank you so much .
These are some kids who came to a wedding ceremony at a children 's school , and I could move them to try and take a prayer out of it .
They really loved it .
An interesting commercial kind of this kind of guy is you don 't have to give a lot of middle students .
All you have to say is " ah " and they know exactly what to do .
There 's a few more people here who test it .
That 's our youngest ice cream right down there .
Turns out he was just trying to lucky the truth .
So they were just for him .
This is an abandoned factory .
We wanted to create an area for a Mars safe .
That 's a lie .
He can bring new water machine into the by pointing the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Here he lets open the access panel .
The tongue moves on
Now he 's getting a yogurt drink in the back .
the orange soda bottle .
Good work , yeah !
He shakes the his his side of the door and next to her he can be able to pass the drift ...
... to make up his own pit .
Hello !
It 's a reality show with an ease and he can decide how it 's developed .

Today , the last time I have had time to show it , is a model ship that we recently created and in the history of the television , and as training , is to act .
Each has four different styles ; one can choose which one you want to use .
And you can " the " can " the world 's power " the one you can order in the most part .
and bend them in by just holding a plastic one on one .
They 're there that can be changed live , like life forms and life forms .
We share it with a certain amount of blood and then we stop it .
and then , even more sexy as snot and chocolate chips that you go all the way down .
So let 's see .
We begin by which we agree the Dan in two communication cells and those in a command order to expand a little more to add .
Now I add a .
Now I 'm gonna do some more recruiting .
And now I 'm gonna connect the water supply with the water truck so I can head the satellite .
I can speed up the entire stream by moving the power line into one or the other .
And now I 'm going to put the writing to the table for something more powerful .
I can switch the arrows as it turns .
It doesn 't mean I have to plan them on the field , but they can improvise while they continue .
" And " I can block out the whole subway " " " " by giving away the one 's youth .
Thank you so much .
So as you can see , my library books are in to develop new better suited for our food and our ability to work .
and today I had time to give them a part of this new each and some of the , uh , the things we 're working on in our relationship .
The free production that I want to give them away on the is that we are at the the the the the the the new line of foreign exchange with the production line of foreign oil that has put into our network .
Thank you so much ,
I look forward to the strike with them all !
Yeah , good day .
I 'm glad I 'm here .
Yeah , so , what 's that supposed to be ?
I have to go back a little bit , and I have to deal with the modern world .
I 've been doing research , and I 've been trying to figure out what I 've been up to now , and I 've been studying because I just wanted to know what I 've learned in the theory myself .
That was my primary base .
So it was a , and I kind of wanted to get closer to the , like this .
I think that the , in general , in general , all of a sudden , everything that counts about synthetic , and so on ,
What 's extremely important now is extremely important and more , much more important will be in needed .
You know , there are girls like the town boys that have been trading all the way across the aisle .
Now there are power groups in the patient who 's trying to create life insurance , so they 're trying to create life forms .
There are also 40 then , those who have come to the center of the most stupid things , but most importantly not even aware , for example , who are the right to wash us right now .
and the rest can go on forever .
And so out of the space on that technology , I just got back in .
So why the fuck now ?
Most people know most people know this from the drug squad .
So , by the end of the month 's work , yeah , the student holidays break a date somewhere and so on .
It 's kind of sad for the after party , because that 's not what she actually picked up , and what it does .
In one they had the spotted ones , in the center , with the machine guns started and it 's also what happened .
And it 's about , you know , with a creative , creative , a kind of problem to solve .
And it 's just been carried away with cab drivers , but there 's also in the bathroom there 's a whole cell phone number that makes with all sorts of possible security issues .
But it 's a also a computer code , and you can program it , and you can hack it , and I think it 's fascinating and I just wanted to push it in with so much higher .
This has actually taken , like , two , two , one , this one , this one ...
There 's an active team of team , that 's originally from the North , with a team of team 's and with an active force in the world , but on all over .
But it 's all about finding a one of these loose windows to have such a loose plan .
And then , there 's ... there 's ...
This is from the , uh , a computer network , it 's actually more of a kind of a design where you 're supposed to meet online and .
They 're a bit of an electronic and a bit of the along the way , they 'll be asked , yes or so .
And given and given that of those who made the popular song become one of those who I would like to to have a very first .
Now here at the painting on the left , you see , this is a very , very middle school , sort of a private school , where everyone can turn private social .
You , old people , all the way to go there just to make up with it , they set up a kids ' online and see what you can do when these test shows up .
On the left here there 's a huge line in coal mine , which means there 's been a pretty long time .
For longer than these other two bitches .
They 're also in this kind of , like , a swimming ceremony with biological and , yeah , they 're also working on , and , you know , pretty much like .
and I 've got a picture on the other sees a panel ... in the medical system at the medical school ... with an extra coat .
and that is , yes , that is most young people usually right , but the only thing that stands together is one thing that is all of these technology technology .
And what you can do with it , and just as you focus on the society to ask and , so , okay , you know what you want to do with it , what you got to do about it ?
So , you know , in order to hack the plug right now , you kind of need a sweater .
You need , of course , you need biological blood , and you need also , and that 's a then a memory stick .
You know what you usually understand under a patient of some sort of a sexual level , very expensive , very nearly expensive , but distant , to a volunteer and so on .
and our food shop was just to say that , in fact , you don 't have to do that .
It 's not really necessary , because every one of the brain systems actually developed higher than most of the technology that really is .
And and it was with this asshole with this guy 's name , and then , in half , tried to establish a set of protection , so that , yes , and then , uh , went after .
I 've got a nice nice girl I 've been living with for too long .
Then I tried my home in my oil business , a little bit of a bit of a slipped , and then I just bought the food truck and a little bit of an ice trying to make a so hard at home .
and this is about molecular transfer that just happened , that , yes , a sort of super long walk in the water for food processing .
and yes , well , you see it 's relatively minor , so there 's just that it 's from occasionally doing it at home to the bigger ,
And then , that 's about , yeah , who we are , what do we want ?
What are our thoughts and what are our thoughts and what are our sincere , our football games ?
And then we worked out this kind of a lame plan .
Well , it was intuitive , so everyone just has their wishes , their wanting , their and what else move it , then .
That 's when my request came , a rather good 's- -
and we have that one then that 's not supposed to be , but that 's just , I guess , it 's kind of a good idea that people are so right .
And then we even tried to put back in the academic one , but it kind of didn 't get there .
So I think we 're from the most complex in the history stage a step further than the most industrial world .
Yeah , what kind of sacrifice do we do now ?
A suggesting that I made with the film world in the sun himself , was that we wanted an " optical " or " doing it .
You see that down there .
And then we got a set of strategy and then we pulled out the key , and then we tried to put that photograph on there .
and that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot of it .
It 's another one of the French from the French 's , it worked out pretty cool .
And he 's got this kind of , you know , a sort of thing , a sort of thing or something , so he 's been real busy with something , you know ?
Then he made this whole set of these , you know , and in the back of the pork that went .
Then they could go in the room room , sat on that chair , sit on that bench .
Then their station site was wide open , and after what they thought or how they thought it was different burial season in it .
Kind of got a pretty fancy pop star .
... another just out of the group ... that has something to do with this mass murder thing is the most complex , complicated ...
So it 's about , uh , digging it , multiply it , and , uh , add it to be made .
and the people who do that kind of thing , they 're pretty expensive the ones you buy from the sandwich that go on so forth .
and that 's not in the case , but it 's a really cool technology , too much of it .
So that 's just a string of many people you can do with it .
I think , sort of , like , a pocket or something .
But in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's on everyone in a process where it 's become clear .
So it 's one of my favorite things after a very sweet chop .
The other day I started to build a ski mask .
Yeah , like a super cop that shoots , like , two or so .
It is the one charging in on the windows and then the seventh one into these , and then I shot the ones on the it made the ones with it .
So this is what you see that it didn 't work .
But the thing is my so my little boy , who looked pretty fantastic , so on this so on the bottom of it , was really , and it was really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really
And then I took a video and I hooked it up .
an 40 that if you fill it with the ones , the ones with enough in , so I think , like , 30 or so .
And you can then speed the supply of water strong enough and then they go into the center .
And the truck is about to rise up or something like that about the 50 .
So it doesn 't have the same blood story , but it can be done in the maid 's room .
So and that is , right now , as the saying is the release of this technology 's power to increase and also to the core of the crew that there can be more involved in that .
Because , as I said at first it 's an extremely important technology , and most of the people have had very little of it , and neither are the really well for themselves .
'Cause if you 're only reading about it from grade school , it 's not the same as you did it once or seen it .
and I think technology is more vital in our modern world .
And if you want to be a partner as a partner , partner and want to meet with a certain , then you need to know for technology and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to do it and understand it .
And then , under the enormous ratings went up and down the grid .
So that as a level of fact , you will be transferred to the North Sea just to join these scientific advances .
and this is the footage from the plastic bags .
These are the people that at least signed registered in the student address on the Department of Health .
That is a relatively mysterious growth of Middle Eastern world .
And also interesting is that they are also in service .
This is I think they got less on board than they do exist .
So I know about some who didn 't sign in .
And people are the only people who are individual .
Also with those cell phones too , so that picks together in there together .
And it 's early at first .
Like I said , it 's only started .
And And And , so , the , uh , the salad fork , was the first to the breakfast special .
and that is a vast world of land now on very good , yes , the people everywhere .
And , of course , we hope that we 're the same , then we 're just as good with the fact that people can be more involved .
and I would ask every one to take care of it and try it on my own .
It 's not so easy now , but it 's not impossible if you 've got enough and enough of that , and you get there .
Thank you for listening .
That 's it .
Yes , hello .
What are we supposed to do ...
That 's a ask that draws me very much as a train , but also at the time of the month 's and before all of the tragedy at the base .
It 's about how you meet people in death so that they can use these death cells , so they can create a gravity field .
Because I think that the Cylon base in our cognitive data , so that in our biological father 's very long , very long time , we 've just been able to get back through .
And that 's very amazing , because , you actually think that that that that that that this , uh , fair , is that the one that actually brings a one into the , yes , but that it 's the right that that we meet .
What the hell are we supposed to do now ?
I 've written down four times and I 'd like to explain to you .
" and , of course , are the most sophisticated data which we used in the communication stones . "
These are these foreign exchange student heads that we have a natural resources of the resistance .
That sounds unusual for now .
I 'm going to take that right now and I 'm going to try to prove to them that they have a natural resources of natural resources .
The second evidence is that since this particular hearing business discussion is quite in the evidence very , very much to speak , even though we use a fashion figure today .
And the third party , which actually explains himself .
we all know the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
The fourth and the , uh , that the North Atlantic has a place for us .
It 's like the world now with the people who are actually the most complex in the world .
I want to prove it to them .
How many people have the front where they live ?
We 're not gonna be able to answer them immediately , but it 's gonna happen this time , and just happening right now .
They go through the roof of this place , where they live , and look at how many there are .
and that 's exactly what they do .
She dropped the North wall and completely without the towers .
Fantastic , right ?
And since we are giving in space for example the scales in our own defense climate in which we can actually present the whole time .
and this fortune that the the nation to hunt down the the the the hunted in the the the the the world 's most needed , because the even without .
They didn 't have a vodka company .
Or they had no programming experience .
They didn 't .
The only thing they had was their head .
And on that head , the hair was playing .
In that mind , the call was checked out , and through this virtual image that was recently passed on .
And that 's why it 's as strong in us that we can handle the transporters so well .
The interesting thing is , if I get to do a little locator spell .
Yes , I can .
The interesting thing about it is that at the time of the meeting at the same time , was to himself .
If you keep thinking of a more nature .
What 's today 's date ?
Then they 'll find there 's a conflict of interest .
But I 'll be right back .
It has always been a throat of the world .
They were specially designed to keep in government .
And so today we are still very , very strong in people .
The president 's Chief of the United States Army ... the president 's Chief of Staff ... we still had 9 / 11 a year of 9 / 11 .
That means for a child that it can reach to the most of the time he spent with the most of his death .
Now we think we love our loved ones to remember that we were as a child at the parents ' table .
No , no , no .
This goes way back more , to the alpha of the resistance .
But for me in the system of the most spectacular is to have that we used to use our biological makeup , to think the chocolate milk .
I brought them a Such as from the head of the Ferengi Alliance .
And they lived on the northwest of the railroad .
And as you can see , it 's a very powerful radio station and you had to navigate there somehow from the island to gather .
And they did what they called " life forces . "
They may know that , too , if they 're interested in some of the Australian couple .
These have similar relationships .
They don 't have any anger issues , but they used this kind of alien shit or pig shit .
And what the interesting thing about the fact that the newspaper and the the two impulse engines could be carried out by corporate media .
In which they were the most intelligent and powerful of decay .
That means that you 're above the most influence and the the the most unusual .
And these hair plugs and those little hair plugs ... they made a couple of cop cars , and , of course , that they were able to put that together and move back together and move back to the right .
Why aren 't we singing any more to come from upstairs to b ?
Anyway , not to navigate .
What happened ?
This is what happened to moving away .
We 've moved before in the so-called " witch way . "
happened the most terrible thing happened , and it happened , and the one is the the the the one who 's gone .
... and exactly what happened is that we have the share of the group for our own physical and the very own responsible for our own individual blood .
Now , this is the spot .
I 'm afraid we 've learned a lesson far too far too far .
It suddenly became a stranger for us and has nothing to do with the customs .
from the center to the belly .
What 's on our thinking on our And our monkey business ?
Then these are the most sophisticated security services of the area .
And they will be turned over in the space of the more and more by the barrier .
That is , instead of us to remind individual , we have far , common in the history of the civil affairs of the members that we can hang our own .
We don 't produce anymore .
We have a partial liver problem .
I don 't want to put us in these things that we don 't understand anymore in a time of night but we let them bury you .
We used to get to things happen .
and we 've accepted the security codes as a space ship , and for example , there are only areas of life .
what 's left of us is the best .
We are still under the influence of a very heavily , very strong .
Wonder what 's coming now ?
We were on the course of action . We had chosen the cross and we are now so on .
This sounds very moving , and sounds very much like I know .
But this is one of the things that bring us back to this world of ours .
There it 's about skate , it 's about small fishing , it 's about black market .
I want to explain .
For example , there are technical attractions like the one that could be called an electrical charge .
Of course , as crazy as it may sound in my favourite place , since we 're in physically , virtual to the virtual .
and others are the expect numbers , intelligent , .
They 're clean , the intelligent ... can react to a bang .
All that takes to the attention , to the point , to be , to accept , as a real resolution .
I 've , uh , on the roll , and I hope the memory works , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very nice , very nice , very nice , very , very , very nice , very nice , very , very nice , very nice , very , very , very nice , very nice , very nice , very , very , very nice , very nice , very nice , very , very , very nice , very
And the two of them here tonight .
Maybe you can get up for a second so they can have a talk with the two across the hall .
and for these I have brought as an example to this piece again so that it is addressed to death .
I have to say this .
Which , of course , most extreme angle and it 's a rather practical one .
And if I say I 'm speaking English , they 're probably looking at some very interesting people who are trying to act with some kind of hand in one hand .
In any case , they do .
That 's a game out .
And , and that 's exactly what the object was that I was the one that saw the real world again .
and this is the world 's own world , so the dating that we create , the real world .
I apologize for having to be so strong .
You 'll be able to explain it a lot better then there 's a lot more behind it .
It 's about me getting a device discovered by looking at what was negative or positive .
and so I get from the desire a whole new world of banks and some of the kind , I see a unique , and a rather unique , and so on a very real , very wise one of them very wise , very wise , very small , .
And we can look at this now .
Well , what you can see here , sorry , is a little more of what they see right now .
Of course , this virtual world lives into the world 's most complex , of course .
and with some kind of a physical that we can make this virtual reality across .
Thank you so much .
I 'm very happy to be with them .
I was just asked if this guy 's a talking guy is a talking talk game , and instead of talking to mine .
He won 't do that .
I 'm going to just sort out what 's in there .
I 'm just a little curious .
Yes , kids are as curious as to whether or not to be , as well .
I 'm a toast from the prison girls , so , of course , I also do a little bit of the the the way that changed and how the sheets of the forest , and why we might lose , and we 'll have to go on again .
It 's a whole set of trains with the one next to the the actual , horrible , considered .
When men get curious , they get so often in a kind of study .
And that 's what I had in the last half a year .
a model to the ready for the transfer of the world .
Now they 're going to wonder why they catch up to themselves with the most natural , the more natural , the more natural , the more so the more .
And there I just think one of these little things up there because they should always be more powerful , more natural , more natural , and you have to look at what we really are .
So I 've been so busy when is natural or of course .
Maybe you need to see again .
Why does this even happen ?
So , if we take a look at the source of our society here for a second , we 're gonna move from the third , or the fourth .
So from the modern military to the France .
Every society has its by a secret society .
early at first you read through the door .
I mean , it was found that by talking with a common sense of communication , you could communicate with each other into the same blood line or so someone else could hook up a carrier .
But the dark part was the most natural , some very natural , something very living .
One had to learn , so no one can speak from somebody else , but we learn to pick it up and of course .
That was then replaced by the western society with the first slice of the class .
And that was a great one then , because of course , you started living among the great winds of things , which means what , which is , and , of course , is alive , and I started to live with it .
It 's like the way I look around , and when I 'm sitting , of course it 's a whole different one when you 're really alive .
But the one that went on in the return of this place as the leader received a message .
Then came the next pair that we were actually living in .
This is just the one through the abdominal and the weird , along with the other .
At the time , it was a country club , where there was love , and others said you were really insane to begin when people start to read , then they want to come back and then they want to read it .
Which , of course , totally confused us because we 're looking at a one of the new , the new , fair , the further and so on .
And these two suck each other right now , new and old thinking .
The one that is when you get the interesting , this new society ... is ... this very advanced ... of very , very ... and very exciting , very exciting , very interesting from the production people .
But now , no more to the local police , it 's on the front .
We understand that this is a transfer point .
The fact that this is a defense mechanism .
Not if I 'm thinking more of this place , and the owner feels less ... it 's not going to work .
Which means , from the local population 's Actually a become a rival with the same basic rules , as possible , but losing consciousness .
It 's like the time in the mobile , who knew who had something to do with who and when , it happens these days on our cell phone records .
Unless we know we know more and faster and faster and better .
Just like the way it used to happen at the lake house .
Well , I was just getting a little too busy with the idea of what it 's supposed to be , what kind of a thing we might have that we do for ourselves , but what we do ?
Because many people come here , they can 't do this stuff so everybody can handle it .
So you have to deal with what that means , and not just to change that it 's different , but it 's better .
Then you 're busy , even during the transfer along with the corporate tax records and the key .
and , of course , whatever you start to look and look and tell , okay , now I 'm just gonna go in the inner yourself .
And what does it look like in there ?
So how do we work when we get inside there ?
And what does it mean , intuitive and how do our cognitive systems of the flight and how does the hair work ?
'Cause you know , you used to say you need to work on how to scratch it .
So you really have to watch in the doll , if I want to do something rash or intuitive beliefs , which means in the brain 's circle .
And to watch how do we process , how do we take plastic bags ?
What 's so difficult to say alone ?
There 's a difference between everyone who makes one .
Many people use the that reliable , but don 't at all know what it means then .
But I have to understand in the most part of these things , when do things turn into place , when will become like I know , when out of consciousness , and when , of course I can do , or without course ,
and , of course , even the taking of the salad fork off .
So much more natural , more natural , but I see right now , where is pure and simple .
And when I tell someone , give me a little tear , then he 'll think about where 's what 's in it .
And just stay intuitive and then I hope that there is no conflict in it that this is an entry point in .
But even our own defense , just like she 's lying to us .
Such as these " figures of the century " .
On the right side of things bigger than the little things even though it 's not the case , but they 're just as big as it is , and still changing our relationship to the one we started .
Does anyone know what that is ?
Come on .
Science Ministry should still work .
It 's more like my eye line .
So it 's a map .
A second one is about to start off in certain ways or too too too small .
It 's what it 's called , the local or the station that also affects us in the opposite .
It 's important to the passengers , they usually have it on the first floor , the great whistle .
These birds that close , the body of the child and so on .
Many times in the third ...
But this is an extremely important level of consciousness if you just want to make up for it .
The next one , which is very interesting is the next of the household .
Sounds all about it , but it 's very exciting to get used to it .
So we have the front gates and now they think we 're looking back .
This is wrong .
They look from the back .
Because they took a road map to the front that they see something they recognize .
That means we see only before we see it again , we put it back in our fuel line to say , okay , okay ,
I 've got your cognitive data on the cognitive data that you want to see .
That 's there , that comes back .
Then it 's going over again , because the one that doesn 't trust in the back and says , look again really , and just make sure that you want what you see .
And then it goes back to the back , and then it actually won 't be seen .
Now , one very , exciting things work things happen and what happens in these things .
I don 't know who of them knows this painting .
That 's exactly what I described .
Now everyone 's trying to learn something from this place .
I don 't know who recognizes .
Anybody see anything in particular ?
a right , right .
Once I 've seen that there 's a skeleton inside , they know that .
They 'll never forget it because I show them where the drop is .
Now you see the balloon man .
And go on , now they always see him .
Now that means I 've basically spoiled her that she no longer understood no longer a lack of light , but I 've found her within that period of time .
and this is this is the radiation from the moment , to see .
Now I know , and now I 'm looking to the front .
I see the schedule .
All right , all the exciting ones , then in this , yeah , she 's not really gray , but this is how it 's going to be .
Does anyone know what the three are ?
long , yeah .
That 's our ride .
Well , it 's always interesting to know as a subject .
If I know something takes three minutes to , so to get out of the police force , I can also very well on the bridge where I can also put it with someone three .
He needs to process this first .
Then it 's on the motion , and so I can look really elegant to the table on the taking when I know this bridge .
What takes is it slow ?
Yeah , yeah .
And a very powerful fire .
This is the one where you 're falling in love .
That means , if you know it now , you watch who they look at as long as I 'm not taking any action on what can happen .
- They 're 16 and they 're 16 .
This is the most giant of the most winning we have .
That means that first of these things happen in a sharp , like we smell .
And as we see things we do , what we watch and how to cover our own back , just to be more conscious about .
Of course , the mind not only fooling around with the staff meeting of the beach house and the nature 's or the naturally , but with the , uh , guest of course .
So how does a fitting with a certain pirate 's match ?
There 's a number of times there 's the practical , so it 's a formal call or a pay phone .
There 's a spot where I know exactly where to reach .
There 's also a small amount of market value , why is someone pretending to be a little something that doesn 't fit or otherwise ?
We are more on the more of the , on the the divine , whom we deal with as natural .
To go back to my actual beach bed ... and the most natural , of course , is to die .
As always , as I can reach a certain point , or , as an effective means in a certain amount of happiness , as effective as as a result .
It 's more like the color one .
How can I do something so simple ?
I can do this straight , or I need a " D " or I need a minimum
and less experienced , or less .
That I only do this differently and more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's better off .
You have to understand .
It 's not only been more than a hunted folk even since ... a Cylon 's , if I 'm planning to start talking about currently responsible .
Why ?
Because we 're handling this new new of the university , so the natural resources is five times faster in the founding of our destination .
They have to imagine that so that if they make something the , like , five times , and with this new kind of natural , they just need a back .
That doesn 't mean that they probably get to go home four more , but you get to go home , or you go down to someone who goes with the four permission list .
I just want to say that , of course , there 's a very limit to some things , too .
If we get back in the game of the moment , here is the first line of work which were very , very difficult to deal with this drug deal .
Then came the next who was already mixed up with a bit of a mental or mental health plan as the bone disease because you had a theory that would make something of a difference .
So , no more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the better , more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the better , or the better , or the better , or the better , or the better , or the more the better , the better , the better , the better ,
That made this whole thing a lot more challenging , but , of course , even better .
The nearest member of the U.S. Justice Department is already working with a lot more .
So that 's where I 've been more than a more general attitude than that .
It 's a spa .
That at once , it always looks like the work experience of the needle , the DNA become a legend .
And then if I can do one more thing in these things ... the least amount of which I can do by the ... the ... the power ... the longer ... the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
But that will lead me back to this , too , at this point , when will they actually be killed ?
If they get tired and then I have to go back to my little pet shop here and see what does that mean because from the prison system , when is it really something ?
And that 's for us ... is always a thing when I have to think about it .
So it seems he doesn 't like to think but he 's just doing it .
The less I think about it , the more it is .
And what does that mean for the joy ?
Which means when we look at that we can move the key of a one something else , for the like the the one , I can use this as a character .
That means I can send a kind of a person person person person to a place where they should be more protected .
Of course , of course the people who are interested in the death of us and now I 've betrayed it .
That 's what 's called " walk . "
It 's used by all of us , and it 's a high command and it 's for the north east side , heads or tails .
That 's what every one of them this whole time , but he does it in people 's mind and suddenly losing consciousness .
The dreaming is already being on the inside and is fixed , so it works the world for young and old and is used by us all the time without most knowing that this is so far .
My relief tells you you 'll be about 50 through fifty before us ever after , so in your sleep , you realize that it will be less than twice a day .
I can now manage this mental health north , east , search , transfer information to a set of energy .
and through this kind of , like the physical with the right amount of muscle , but now , no more an more perfect sense of cell damage , but a computer network .
and this is on a higher level of the reception for the classic of the classic villain of the family .
Then I can transfer the whole thing .
I 'm trying to do this through a fake .
Everyone just had a nice meal .
Now I 'm just kind of like the one with the cheese leg , and I can start to work again .
I get the whole water thing , right now , and I can just , you know , show me all the extra stuff , for example .
And once upon a time , a more advanced , and much more natural .
I want to help them find a specific way to help them .
And the wall 's hard to learn .
That 's why they 're all here and you 're just curious about who did people who have a crew that can 't learn .
Now I 'm about to get this whole shipment of wings , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
And there 's a central talk about it there .
And he hangs on thermal .
Give me a stick .
Every time they give it to them they give away two hours of each and every two of them have to be twice a day .
Otherwise , they can 't have any clues .
You can 't keep your mouth shut .
They can 't have power .
We could just slip through a back door through the windows .
If we didn 't take on a play and leave .
It 's as if we 're dealing with something here , which would actually be a big deal , but it 's not .
Because everyone 's talking about health issues , but nobody 's talking about the oil business .
The compass is much critical .
We depend on two minor cases .
We only have two months of foul play , and now , through the world 's water supply is much more powerful than used in all the walls .
alone in the last 20 years , we have been invited to our most basic training camps .
And we take it all .
It makes Thanksgiving with Does .
And we think we would protect the if we 're a little less harmful .
So , for example , for example , for example , the less the car craft .
Take the helm , fewer ground .
Seal the launch doors , less so .
This isn 't a social call .
That 's the way I would say , beat your kid , giving it three times .
It 's just a little less expensive .
If we 're as much as we think of them until we 're on the verge of our entire clan , or we 'll have a family reunion sooner or later .
I hate to think that even that much about her .
And the most important thing is to look at the first one .
There are over 60 's accounts in the bank 's account .
Right now we 're building solar radiation , and we lose between 11 and 11 , 30 million each , or 30 at the mention .
That means we 're losing in the water , more so more so than educated .
We can , of course , have a look at the mountain .
and everything is super cold or dark .
In for the example of the 80 split up on the face of the fire .
And because we 're getting older , they 're getting bigger .
That 's what they 're all in the key .
Yeah ?
A a baby needs approximately growing up .
Of course , we could reduce that to ten corners , but what does it do ?
That 's gonna be permanent in a pine box .
That 's completely irregular .
So the ask is , how are we going with these amateur girls ?
By the way , prove to the fact that penis isn 't a spy .
I want to tell them .
Because the original of the board is handed over the permanent shall be handed down on the wire .
The people they were after about the ...
Yeah .
So it can 't be viral .
Because that 's what it takes , isn 't it ?
traditional , in the world 's world , we are too many on .
and if you were the people who are the people who are interested in exist if you say that you 're better , you wouldn 't be there , and then they 're gonna stay there .
and so someone as say , al , one of our great sales , there 's nothing more important than to stabilise the human brain .
They say when you save a child , you save a woman .
Here it says the more you kill , the better .
Yeah .
The first question is , are we really too many ?
If you look at the guide ... the stock of the the the stock market on the bottom ... it 's four times more than we .
I could find myself some matches , but no one likes to look so far , even though they have gone .
That means that the more we weigh .
And because they work a lot harder than us because they 're only three to six thirty to six men , and they are called to a place in their food court .
That means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
They can only be if they don 't exist , right ?
The only survivor .
Have you ever seen a cheerleading squad ?
Yeah ?
One ?
That means our entire adult relationship means we want to be more foolish than routine , yes ?
Yeah ?
No family emergency is more powerful .
Good luck not , okay ?
There is no Sydney issue for the president .
There are still alone in the animal kingdom , there are still round limits .
Have you heard from them before heard anything about radiation poisoning ?
That means that all of our product means we want to be more stupid than members .
And where they see , even with something like a little bit of the , yes , the nature 's not allowed to go back .
Each window , we 're going to lose so three million people who really have to go back to civilization .
and we 're too many .
alone about it .
That means that we feel so guilty on the system that we say there 's no special , no not a street value , and as they all let go back to our own .
Isn 't that sad ?
We 're too many .
I 'm sure it 's more useful to be less of the harmful it .
But where are we useful ?
We 're trying to minimize our power source , but it 's about getting a big settlement that 's useful .
We want to be good for the firm , we want to be good for the stock exchange , but if it 's about the , isn 't it ?
Yes ?
Only they can have Only if they 're not there .
Even if they were going to shoot themselves now , they 'd have jumped away .
So they can 't even solve this .
We can do it different .
We can recover our problems .
We 're going to the Central Africa where we 're going to restore the power source .
In a very direct way we can in this kind of a wise and wise place of the world .
We do this in for the 80 in the figure where we take the directly from it .
It 's called a clay press in in today , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world we have always been too stupid to bring our cheese back .
That means that the whole Western Union has been drawing from the the the the the the only one who 's ever given anything back .
It used to make the oxygen supply grow more because the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Which is why all of the western people will be used to guard until they can no more , and then they 'll be gone .
Yeah ?
Things were different .
You 've made your way through the most building of the world , because you 've always been in the most black market that ever returned .
Even today , when they 're invited to dinner in the celebration , you expect them to stay while they go .
Because it 's not nice to go and bring the water bottles .
You have invited them to eat them , not to the spa .
That means they can see in the back yard how to restore the power source .
And the great thing about it is that the bullet oil went back into the research center to go back to school .
So we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
We can support them to be good .
I mean , that 's , of course , but , you know , the kids , they 're wearing themselves .
The inside door is clean .
and they 're set like this by the time machine a can just touch them .
That means , so the air levels go back .
And none of these cocktail machines , we now built over smoke labor in the last 20 years none of these CIA 's ever been sabotaged .
They could be as easily as simple as filling out a back door and it would be ruined by the construction of the world .
It doesn 't .
That means we don 't have to control the Hunt ... not be too bad .
We can support them to be good .
That means we 're going to have to fight back .
And by the way , if they want to do something about it , they 're going to write up in the best one of the most powerful .
Unfortunately they 're not in foster care , but maybe they can help with the the the the the law a little .
Because the best whip could win back the heart best .
and he has to go back .
We 'll see that the inside man is critical .
And we 'll see it works .
We 've now been through three contact therapy camps .
The city has explained that they will be the first country to be what is going on around .
But in total we need it .
You see , there are two birds of iron in the world .
That 's where the food section is a big version of itself .
These are 100 large , controlled by the Federal government 's control .
and we 'll be able to replace through other cigarette machines .
But you can 't replace the plastic one .
It 's not about making the connection a little less bad , but it 's about doing something right .
and to ask first everything that 's right .
That means it 's about travel , not to get killed .
In public it 's easier to understand the land , of course , because the flowers are built on flowers .
Yeah ?
Imagine if your wife 's jealous of her wife 's half if they 've got them , and they come with us .
Totally analog .
but very effective and very effective , yes ?
or take a smack .
one in ladies ' room is about six meals of her fall in love .
On it .
The thing is not exactly accurate because we don 't know how much English is about this .
but an individual , even at this time , I can tell them is completely unacceptable , but very effective and , yes ?
a everything that 's good in life is not efficient .
It 's not just a question , it 's all about it .
To ask , what is that right ?
Not to burn the food a little better to burn it with it , and to lose the whole subway line for the first to ask how to lock it ?
Be efficient .
Yeah ?
If I ask her to join the apartment and say , yes , there 's a water supply and a glass of water .
Great , ' ne ?
This is efficient .
Everything that is good in life is not efficient .
If they fall in love with someone , efficient ?
Yeah ?
That means that anything that matters in life is not about saving it ,
All of them .
We say the middle , oh , yeah , you don 't have a pot in your eye .
No , that 's just the one , right ?
Every place where you turn from , yeah , you get back in .
But the wrong things .
If you get all the wrong things , you get a lock .
The way we think of New York .
There 's all there 's round there .
If they run , yes , destroy every one of them .
Because the boat 's going to die off its feet and the the wind and the wind and the wind 's just wash the wind .
But when they 're in foster care means every last one of the more , the more the stays in the more .
So it 's about making a big video presentation that 's going to be a fall .
Not anymore .
We say in the original Latin .
Yeah ?
But if I ask them , how do you do with your wife ?
Then what are they saying ?
It 's only easy .
I 'll say I 've got a hearty , yes ?
This is the ladies ' room .
So stop saving , avoid .
Every one of us is responsible .
and it 's a subspace field when they see the inside of the staff meeting at the staff so they 're throwing a card out of the area .
Because you know , that 's a against one .
It 's a Rose version of , yeah ?
I was there .
but with the right one , please .
We , for example , have developed a one hell of a woman who 's at the mall .
They can trash anywhere they go and stand .
It will be concrete in two places .
And it contains air supply of rare forms so they can throw them out through the system .
That means we 're useful , not less bad .
So there are two forms of power .
I don 't want it all to be natural .
or a they 're burning , they just use what they don 't .
Just the things I can think of , like , how , like the things , like the ones who have to be so they go into biological father .
things that can only be used , go to technical engineering .
But today we 're just talking about the biological makeup .
Yeah ?
Such as the bra sales , huh ?
It is a direct hit , not a direct line ... but for the fact that they are now helping this ... to make those successfully .
'Cause we 're not we 're not gonna make things clear .
Yeah ?
So , if I ask them to eat them and say that this is free of food , it won 't help them .
No , we 'll nail what 's inside .
positive .
So not like the guys .
Don 't fall .
But all that 's in is useful .
these are the first civilian lawyers with whom they can put the key of the comic books and the the the biological side of the family .
All of it is above .
And when we do , we , of course , for the sake , for the food and the oxygen supply , and the entire cell towers .
and that is the half of the world to be brought around the world .
That 's why they 're helping , go to the U.S. once .
Hey , Are you guys really serious ?
Because they 've changed the experience twice already .
And I 'm not so sure if she 's really alive .
So , you help me with some .
but I can .
Yeah .
That would have been made .
I can do that .
Now we can make things like this , when they leave , if they can move in , they can move into biological blood .
Same kind of mechanical engineering gives .
There 's an opening for this .
This is the first of the first suicide group , indeed , who is in the head of the enemy .
And this , so in everyone , you can put things together .
When they do , yeah ?
Do you remember the starting point ?
If for now , it 's the most valuable .
These cars are all over the place , almost .
Guys to the shelter where they come from .
On the front , on the front , but in the other hand , yes ?
Yeah ?
alone when they use out these plastic cups , they cut and cut the plastic bottles to plant them .
It 's how the baby is allowed to live all of this , from at first .
So we don 't have to be invited , we can be anybody .
It 's about a losing tank .
Yeah , sort of .
Yeah ?
We can do that .
We can do it all over again .
I founded a top team .
By now , people are working with people , and they can all commit .
There 's an extra extra one to do it , the one where everyone can participate .
So no more , no more , no more , no more , no more ... no more intelligent ...
Does she make this curious ?
Thank you .
The work of the master .
More perceptive than routine patrol .
It is written in the Bible of my speaking that as an adult , me as a gentleman 's sweetheart , so I understand .
It 's time for games . It 's time for a new one .
I mean , from the German to the English , it could take more than that , especially when you 're about to translate or even around .
But it 's a stranger for what we do with our jobs .
I only have the first time as a computer alert .
They 're sure the color man 's got everything he 's got in there .
The odds are quite vague and quite large .
These These are roughly the same , or the same , like a very , very accurate , though very precise , very accurate , very agree with a genuine one .
For in this atomic age , the the not the the flower of the flowers to only divine , not to hear .
That means the prime minister must translate to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the American citizens ... in a different manner , should be smart .
Today , today I want to tell you what else I music musical , musical music , back to the union of another .
So practically a the oxygen supply .
Which is why I prefer to do this all in German , because if I even have to translate it to the English , it would be tantamount to the tea house .
So the bone base that works for me like the lousy ones .
the game of the circus owners have the season of a lion 's share .
So it 's not just to read the letter and add the exact amount of pressure to the base or to the right hand .
Because that would be the only thing that you learned to paint .
You can 't even see the difference if you can make the board .
It takes a while for the principal 's position of action , for at least as long as it takes for the folks .
There 's a musical that also makes if you learn to live it for the world 's honest people , you understand or you can speak to the player .
The work of the football game begins like the one of the partners .
After you first pick a plastic cake to play because you 're excited about it , you go after the doppelganger 's .
They collect fuel food over the core in the food chain .
You read in the book , book club , whether it 's legal , or if there are side effects .
You study those which he wrote before and finished .
- Running by .
to write it .
felt how he felt ?
How were his studies , like the campaign and policy ?
I 'm interested in all that .
You think in this time by looking at pictures of home movies as well or reading soccer .
It 's about time , but when you 've been a rich long enough to know the game you play over and it 's easier to feel inside of him and feel .
The more the more one becomes the more you live with .
To be his story , the more it will be and more to my personal favorite vampire hunter to play it .
Since now , the host is everything but an exact sum of the mayor 's wedding date , but only one true turn , I 'm turning this now to turn it back on with and with all .
I will then say with my own personal log what could be written between this piece of cloth .
I play the game which could be the meaning of this thing .
Now for me and for the time being , and what they could mean for him now .
Each one , each one in its own to build a source because I feel it myself because it is coming out of my own right now .
It has to be for me here and now , or else I can 't convince my security that this is my wedding ring .
It 's over and over again a very happy , if I may have the right to live the fact that I worked as long as new .
As you always see a happy new life again , though always with the same taste of the work of the day , I go to the same new table .
I got back a little older , changing the menu , my morning 's going out as the next morning , it takes longer to get back home .
I take the breath of the true , right , or academic .
All of this is affecting me , and all of that affect my power of the the the world .
Although I stand with a woman 's leg on the table and we have the same blood supply .
Then it happens the same as in a good , solid pork .
You bring in a new body armor and you will be answered with an extension of the following .
it 's exciting because then things happen we don 't have , and what you can 't practice .
It makes great fun to make this wise , and they have experienced the return of the world as the maintenance pro alive .
It 's a different field chicken .
I 'll never play like this again .
I can 't play like this in 20 years .
I 'm going to have more Christmas days than today , and I 'm going to have a lot more on my life list than I have today 's day at day care .
I 'm sure I 'll have some of the road gang , but for that , some new rock slide .
I have a nice half for it .
It was on a hunting trip for my beloved old beach house , a known association of food , a well-known , well-known , a known , and invited to the town hall here .
Unfortunately , I was too young , so he was already more secretary than I was finally starting to study .
But I had the good fortune to meet him early , 13 when I was 13 and so I was already on my death bed .
I was 17 when I was back on one of his old school band back and played the last four of the four civil contractors , one of them .
He asked me what was the idea of the whole bloody thing for me .
This is such a jealous part .
and in my contract , I said , drinking .
He just said and like that ?
This must be the auto club .
Because for me , it means super hot .
He 's been over 60 .
Well , when you 're 17 you 're dreaming , but you don 't have important relationships .
I 'm playing the video game today and it 's over and over and over forever it has to be me when no one has changed .
Every time it 's exciting because I keep reading something new .
The one who , in the figure of a whole different kind , painted the cable version .
It 's always the same , but it can be the same , along with several other things .
He translated the evidence program , like he saw it , the way she looked at him that moment .
His personal favorite details of the required .
It 's like the lousy ones from a yearbook like this one .
I 'm also older than the one with the most ... older times when he wrote that down .
He was just living under glass of gas .
and it 's important to me to keep looking through the front door , even if I can access it .
To keep a low profile , straight with the drug lord .
Because the prisoners are the only road closest to him .
Especially if he died already .
Well , how do you start to speak the executive 's death threat ?
I told you , it takes about as long as it takes to warm up the cold .
Many times is the the the the the most sensible you learn how to read the the are the very first .
You just learn to read first before you only speak a native .
You learn to track down the fuel lines on the water supply .
When all the leave is in time , and as it is in the field , it comes out and it sounds like the others .
If this happens , the laser definitely gets the grid zero .
There 's hardly ever been talk about North Atlantic City .
All right , well , it says up front , that 's a fast one .
Whoa , whoa , whoa .
No , no , no , no , no , no .
Most people here know that .
But even though you have to smuggle this rather , it 's still just a little mechanical .
And yet it 's still not a service .
I 'm surprised .
I wonder how often you forget something very often .
Because , that to make on the subway train , doing its own writing and feel there before .
Because that 's singing .
A kid who didn 't learn to sing because parents didn 't lie about it won 't .
It 's like the DMV .
It 's necessary to have your own personal experience and the command of the board to then make it over another one , so to make it sound of a more important thing .
Most people who never sang their story ... did not feel directly with their own entertainment as it is to form a star .
to create a relation with his own prick .
Because the most important thing is our trust fund .
To sing to the song , of our music and dance to the dance .
These are the jealous days of my death .
The window of the pro and the window of the dancer from the streets .
These days there 's no limit to market share .
You don 't have to make your own chicken pot when you get bored .
I don 't need to have to stop to sing or sing .
Any one of your own clubs get mad if you get kicked out of the outside with the student .
Sure , there are some among them saying , yeah , but what do you do when I can 't just sing ?
I ask that , can 't they sing , because they think they can 't sing ?
or b , because they didn 't learn to sing ?
Well , it 's not too late to start trying to figure out if they can 't , or to learn how to use those little , little , real , the right kind .
Because you can train .
or come because they 've been told they 're strung out .
I ask , how did professional was this one ?
Did they get a hot plate or hook or how they say today ?
or d , they don 't like a roll , so they don 't want to have anything to do with it .
Well , what I would be sorry about is because she 's a nice , shiny piece .
But maybe you can change her mind .
Yeah , well , they see , they all have to be a detective extra making .
But also , please don 't tell me I don 't understand anything from the classic back .
I can 't say whether it 's good or bad .
I 'll answer that , but surely you can tell if they like it or not .
Because I don 't think anyone says I don 't know if I like it because I can 't cook .
So they won 't without food just because they can 't cook .
So they don 't have to skip for classic ride because they don 't play ball games .
You listen and you tell them if they like it or not .
Whether the whales are too attractive or too cute .
They say what they feel .
At the time , they also get some brilliant and they want something a little more taste for it or even the delicious juice .
Why now I challenge my to the fact that it 's also active ?
Because the whales is a power source and a communication network is being there to communicate .
a massage never to look at has no meaning .
That eating which was used by a hours or a sweet cooking , has to be eaten and not just printed or watching TV .
So , please listen when a jury is played .
She 's not just a nice plastic surgeon .
If in an art house where an adult making an adult act or , at least you know , growing up , it 's easy to ask for a straight who has your super powers ?
Now can you play it in blue ?
And and the kid 's playing a little game , instead of a red flag now a blue glass of heart .
and this sounds different than before .
This was the very first time at the very first musical hearing .
So the first step back to a ball game .
And what happens when you play a super game today which was originally written about a hundred or two before even two months ago ?
By now the genetic engineering have just begun .
There was no shortage of anything at the time .
It just hasn 't been invented yet .
I think the fact that the film crew would have been thrilled if he had had had the luxury of modern medicine .
I can today the the ones the one who had the chance to make the popular market sound of what a football team cannot .
You also know he heard more about when he was deaf .
Today today is a modern age in the modern age to play anything a more valuable than a social event .
That 's why the special relief efforts to help us to make up the the the the ones that have new power .
So they will be filed , what they have in the most complex .
And also what they would think today in the system .
Or what I 'm thinking today because what they might have .
Thank you .
You know what 's perky ?
Have they ever been jealous ?
And how did that feel ?
Fuck .
I have a car service .
Then when I come along with my little awkward and I turn out to be this feeling .
Something 's shooting through my head .
What do you need such a big stick ?
That already loses in the first half , half of his command .
You work a lot less than me .
Why do I have to do a little extra so ?
And then I find myself immediately , that 's not fair .
It 's against the rules .
And as I say to the Captain 's word , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our ... our ... a great ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a horrible ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
They can try it with a hook or a hook or something .
I want to explain something to them with this spy ring today or something that is probably in total confidence .
The lie is from a lie .
but don 't you think it 's a lie about the people who might have heard them , when people say no one has the idea of building a community .
And then he went after them so he locked the door .
In a lie like this they see that the Doesn 't believe himself what he says .
It 's easy to check out that he 's totally different in the gift shop .
He 's just wrong her and not himself .
No , the lie I 'm talking about is the one they are wrong about themselves .
They need to lie this lie to keep an eye out .
They can make it less light , yes , or in a more important review .
They need time .
At this time there 's a line that you might know .
in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
This woman complained about her madam wouldn 't look like her .
He 's responding .
It 's becoming more like them .
At this one and when they laugh , they realize how important this lying is , and how much time they need to know something that can lead us very well .
'Cause , you know , a New Year 's Eve girl is a lying to .
The customs officials share something with them , and most of the mystery thing she doesn 't see unless just looking into the mirror .
The one who shares them in a such a thing with what they 're used to to to to be familiar with when they look at this key end .
Then suddenly this unpleasant feeling could be the same to them , and it 's becoming more like them .
Here they have this garbage boy we 're lying to as a great police force to use for our lack of judgment .
And it 's not just in the group 's records , even in the downtown , and in the , it shows up again .
You may know these , uh , the one that looked in the mirror every morning and asked him who was the most beautiful country ?
Some kind of mirror says this mirror , yeah , there 's a better one .
" to the seven and so forth .
And they also know how much light comes from this true beacon of truth , even the truth can 't lie out of the real thing .
But we should just trust ourselves to not tell a wife that there is something better .
Here it is necessary to put what we understand under the influence of the moving .
We need to put this lie to this lie that will keep us from getting those wet lips we can 't live without .
We didn 't just lie in the lie in the lie , but also in the lie about such great lies .
And there is this woman 's love slave .
She heard about the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... '
That the camp of the or should have been brought along ... or , yes , there could be a common ... between or together .
And then she rushed her to her man , and I guess that 's not true , what lay there .
The sun is supposed to be bringing a construction or a joint .
No , no , I can 't .
And if it 's true , then we have to stop the people from getting it .
Why do we have to prevent people from seeking something if it 's true ?
Because we cannot live without these savages .
So we can 't stand these things .
We must stop the people who are trying to get ... from ... especially if they 're true .
To see how this picture is going to go together and look like the figure he leaves behind on something else than this amazing , I want another one of them .
a very beautiful pilot as I mean .
My wife has told me .
She came from a place school , she was a baker , and she was telling me about a love plan .
a round of an arm .
She likes him very much because he has a depressed machine .
And she asked him , what are your sheets ?
And so he says , well , I 'm at the door .
And because I 'm at the point of these things , I 'm interested in running things .
Yeah , they 'll feel it when they 're at that one .
I told my wife , every time a relationship in a moral set that is because we should try to replace it with the ?
They do that once and then they find out the truth .
Even though I 'm in the art business , I find myself interesting things .
They feel that 's the real thing behind the wall .
He doesn 't care about the baby .
He cares about the system .
But there 's no such thing as as looking around where you learn how to do the work .
It 's the only thing that gives away , that 's the truth .
He checked in .
And , uh , you also don 't tell your favorite basketball player that you like to go somewhere and have a good time when it comes in later .
No , it just looks a lot better if we show that we 're responsible for creating the other when they leave .
Here they have this little tin mirror .
The fact that the rebel was knowing at the time of the board that he was actually related to the , but he can 't say it out loud .
So then , we can just create the same kind of energy which we will also use in the the the most basic , political center of the state .
Actually , we know something else is the case .
But we know when we say this , social security is very sensitive .
We can 't just do this .
It 's impossible to make things work in a society to create .
I now wish to state what we found in my nest .
According to the Knight 's Rules these facts , the one road , another one other than the one we actually know is that it 's out .
I want to give them two , maybe three units of the local .
The first figure , what many of them know and some of them value just not enough .
I mean the soul .
What is the soul ?
The soul is so somewhat less practical , so to speak .
And from this soul they now believe that she is somehow in this gift bag , in this god , that it is in the gift shop .
And if this bastard who then changed the people 's interest , then he 'd be more along with it , with the soul that can only live with the soul .
And then he can run away .
That 's the spirit , it 's the soul .
So she 's supposed to chase out of the outside .
So we 're supposed to be seeing them as something that is very meaningful to our lives .
and if they have these outside world leaders , then they understand the times that we have experience this happiness , through a world to improve our world .
Because now they can use a power source .
They 're still at school .
Now this is a video log entry which tells us we 're in a tiny zone .
That is the most difficult part in my career .
Here they need something a little more comfortable , but they also have to lie .
Because that 's the way to lie that they can just do this thing wrong .
There are three units in this ring .
The first line is to say that there is no soul .
So if second second one 's right , he 's got no soul .
Now there 's a third party .
I 've particularly brought him here .
a third person who shows up at the instant of death has a strong sense of soul .
They say who has no soul who is dead and can 't say anything .
And here they sense it .
Here 's this research company , in this , yes , in this senior center talk to the people .
They see it now .
the first two civilian targets , the logical is correct .
Because I can say anything .
The negative surveillance doesn 't make no statement of the government .
I can say the Western Man is a man .
And if I 'm right , then the invisible man is a .
If I 'm not right , then the good-looking man is not .
The walking makes no statement about what is .
I can say anything .
but if I 'm right , it 's what I do .
So when you say there 's no soul .
Two , if he 's right , he has no soul .
I sense these things .
And now our main character is to feel something .
It 's on a third set of rules that doesn 't have anything to do with the first two officers , and who does as a case of the first term and assuming .
Because we 'd have to prove whether there are the soul or not .
But with this DNA evidence that it just uses that two basic logic points is correct , and a third one of those who looked like he had something to save ours .
So we 're pretending it 's not possible to live without a soul .
And we 're very happy about it .
We can keep these things together .
In the ladies ' room , we have a sort of a ... modern , that 's always another ...
Here they will need to find another piece of land owned by a single piece of this place .
This has to do with getting back into the box office .
There was a ... a ... a ... a guy named name name name name of ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... after which is named after which is the fucker who is named after which is named for the
The moment of death is a wolf of pure pure oil .
He doesn 't have that soul .
It 's such an energy drink .
And if they place the exact one in between two units of wait and then starved to death .
Because he doesn 't know what grounds to go first .
So he 's on the right .
This is how the Papaya Sisters
With a direct line of defense , contact each other .
Nothing 's happening .
Only if they do one other half , so if she makes the one a bigger one , then he doesn 't need one , and nothing .
He 's heading into the right path .
If they have these vision ideas that , in the time of the doubt , in which it will be driven , by the bigger , the ones who put on a immediately , they have to put it as quick as they have .
And if we 're already here at the Headquarters , I remember the closet floor for use .
There 's a ... a ... a guy 's name is the name of ... and sometimes you say ... you sometimes say ... there 's no special ...
Now we can form the second batch and say if justice is right , he 's got no backup .
These are totally logical and absolutely logical .
And what we can almost read in the book every day , they find it in this third setting .
He looks like who doesn 't have a master 's wedding , can 't be driven for his career and fall to the state 's betrayal .
Here they have it again .
You 'd have to prove once if there was such a thing as spotless .
But the press release of the Federation Council allowed us to pretend to be the first road of the first official line of business in the first place , to take it without course .
And now they can just , if they want to do something themselves if they want to test anything on their own and do anything , if they want to make it happy , to do this lie to a lie .
They practice it for example when they meet someone they can tell , there is no payroll .
And please don 't use the German name for any member of the German
They can 't call that , that would be a little political .
They say there are no Sydney issue .
At once , they will , for which there will , of course , know , you can 't prove that .
and they already have a problem .
Because while they 're busy with it , they believe they can 't prove that there 's not a man who 's very happy .
He 's very happy about it because he was wrong .
Because he led her on a charity drive he didn 't stop himself .
Because actually this fighting mirror is not interested in evidence .
He only cares about finding himself out in front of the game , to prove that there are ration .
So , in the kind of guy the the the the the the the king 's foot , she 's the lying .
And once again when they have found that it 's to feel the death of those it they do , because they will make others happy when they do not remember their wise .
Thank you for your vote .
Yeah , good day .
I was wondering if I could bring her in .
She 's one of the students here from this great cupcake shop , and asked me if I 'm gonna hold a silent prayer here and have my personal license .
I have to say honestly , you 've had a hard time talking about my early retirement project .
And I may as well imagine my odds that I 'm trying to introduce you .
but , of course , the library are quite a lot of people .
And then , it pissed me off the wax on the it started because I wanted to go on and I didn 't give it to anybody .
There was a hall of fame stuff .
The names were all of the home days .
They 're called today .
Because a good build either great financial model or produce building itself .
But as an action figure , from which comes out of a hundred key of the area , that was a training ship .
There was a freak meteor shower .
I 'm grateful to the fact that he 's restored the school book because after the nightclub , you couldn 't even use the left because it was bad .
But it wasn 't like that in the ' 80s .
There it was just so that there was moonshine and that was one of those found in the student video box , where you suspected evil .
The and the and the the place where they were called and made and must have and there I started the production line .
And , yeah , a lot of things about what was said today , it really touched me because many , a lot of nice pieces of the ones I 've been there .
I worked 11 hours in the at the county bank that was an insurance company .
We were 20 guys .
It 's occupied with brain problems .
And then I made it to the top , and then we made friends together , I became one of the most everybody 's biggest people in the world became friends .
And I brought you a chocolate drink that I want you to meet .
And and the key to the game was how to get to a hundred gold coins .
And we just started asking with a relatively simple supply of subject , where could a rational reason with today .
On this island , the island of the island on the island .
Yeah , those are the dates .
They die there .
They took a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
And the ask is why haven 't they ?
It just doesn 't work .
If she makes more of each other 's communications , the system starts to fail .
I 'm always telling the story groups when they come to our country 's Christmas party .
They always say why ?
We already got 20 between us .
Can 't be a problem .
But isn 't it true that we saw in seven lifetimes and our soup of the European .
If we had 20 voice contact , we 'd have the same problems that have people on this island .
The asked was just ... that was supposed to be on the first road ... with the island patrol , just start checking through .
How big would have to be such a desert island so you can on an island 20 thirty fifty , 30 , maybe even provide an army of money .
and , yeah , I 'm going back to one more screw .
The communications field is all over the world .
By the by the way , a world of over a hundred electrical electrical electrical devices in a subway line .
That 's the equivalent of a hundred hundreds of people for it 's going everywhere fast .
The world 's most world and the world will be wiped out with your because you don 't need a capital .
That 's fast .
You put one of those women away .
and then it looks like this .
In which there are always three of them , two are always waiting .
Yeah , that 's the last one down there .
We also got a very specific date .
and the command key , or whatever it is , is a conflict of interest in system an insane system that can only in small medical terms .
Our goal was just to say okay , okay ,
The last one will be on the beach , and the last , to serve the greater ground .
And if they want to go over 20 , 30 30 insurance policies , so , each each each each one each , they don 't have to take out the insurance industry .
That means , right now , they have to make sure that the security guard can take over the entire subway line .
Of course they can only , if they become wise and lame here .
No one has ever done this in the world .
There 's a little league on the little one , so they can serve their monkey business on a little chat .
People always ask me what you 're doing actually doing in there ?
That 's all right .
But if they want several of these water wings and they 're supposed to build a a mass , it 's very complicated .
that will be an attack on anyone who then , passing , knowing on gas or it will be .
They 'll have to go to a faster market share and won 't just stab it .
We just wanted to know what happened to a normal , set of random chat .
How far do you even get there ?
And then a whole lot of gay porn tapes .
These were the first line of work six months ago .
And then we said , okay ,
That 's great , then we have a cheese sandwich .
We 're as cheaper as the if the rate five is five per day off a bill .
And then we started negotiating the drug trade .
What would all have to be done ?
They 're negotiating with drug testing . I was looking for new blood vessels .
We were only five people then to create a new society .
And here 's the reality show .
The brown is , like , the communications system , the green is ours .
That our confirmed with an alarm system is that we are still doing 20 more and a half on the other side .
And the boat that left the island on the island , said we 're looking great .
We also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
And so , we have decided to build a one that we , in which to speak , in the capacity of the island one at exactly three .
That means we have then the world once found to find the largest of the world .
Here she is .
The one that comes from West Germany from the prison .
and she has been born into the most model of the evening 's energy model , today has been develop , and then became a power of the resistance .
You can see it 's a very , very big
She 's got a her temporal lobe and she can bring six peasant 's blood , and that 's the one thing we 've got so far .
And then they set them up .
Over here , we got the transfer of the water network , so to speak .
And here you can see the whole again .
We can put two hundred together on the back glass .
Here we see this again here , we are going to see the one again , all the goddamn unique set .
And what we 've been doing since the National Guard was ready until today , practically everything we 've created between the communications system and the communications system ,
So we 're not much of a fly , but we define ourselves as the one that stands between the radio and the water 's all stand in between .
Of course , you have to communicate with it to the prison , you have to be able to communicate , and it 's very complicated .
The beautiful is on the island ... that the island of the island aboard of the island ... all the sea can have the goodness ... that we shall get higher if we want our water supply from the sea .
So , this whole outfit , we 're gonna be on for now and just , like 30 , on the island , we have the ground for the ground ride , so we get the ground floor up and the ground .
_
So , guess what , a big round everywhere .
We can start by working on the island with the bake water , but for the last ones .
That means if you 're with the wrong person , you won 't be able to do it without a capital .
You can through a window , you can pass through through the window of the process , yes , you should do it on to anyone who loses it , but you can never stop on completely .
And that 's a little bit of the crack .
That 's why a lot of people come and see what it is because you can see the problems you get .
If we turn off the light , then you just don 't have this extra person to create a certain cell block in the system .
And our customer of an insurance policy is only from the rising of the world 's great shakes , where the tree line is spinning all over the place .
We 'll look into this box , see the 50 section of the 50 , and when it 's 9 : 00 a.m. , we 'll start a couple of ice cream cake , then we 'll come back in a little bit high .
This is the system .
and , of course , that 's amazing .
If she goes anywhere , it takes a while .
The nearest access station has at least ten minutes to keep the grid stable .
and at the time they can react again .
If they don 't have that anymore , these 'll need to be filled with food and shelter .
And we can with this big , intense two extra ones .
Then you can see which huge parties there are .
And the Baker is now , we have to forgo that if we have to , like , 30 targets , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , if we 're going to go on , if we 're going to get in , if we want to get in , if we 're going to get to get to .
Then we need to mine our storage facility in the main hall .
It 's just that the wire transfer along to keep the generator going .
Yeah , well , it 's a root moment at the moment because we don 't normally do it 'cause we can 't .
And we are simply trying to illustrate the fact that you can actually be the one that can 't be the one that can 't be the one that can be cured through the process .
And for luck there 's a whole lot of vampire population now .
and with these on this level of security , they always come and watch our eyes on each other on the , like our kept watch list .
And , yeah , the fun always goes around asking how far you can pick up a world of wide .
and many a band of animals I had in the last six months were like the ones I had 30 in the last 30 minutes of the book .
I can 't go , it 's a relief , it 's all that 's ever count .
We have 30 extra crews today for the county fair .
This is exemplary .
And I 'm just assuming that in the next 30 years we 'll have the same chance of staying all over the world .
It will come that way .
There 's gonna be so many a lot of there and there .
So the nice thing is that now I 've been through the last two vampire sisters to stand on my way .
We have now got over ten million nuclear weapons , even to do a German pirate 's work .
This will take place next week .
So , from that , you can also see that there 's a fire truck there and only from this lovely to the , yes to the hundred key , yes .
And if you have a hundred communications system , it 's like a memory chip .
You know , so far , in the history of medicine , those who are doing themselves have a little something that has nothing to do with our jobs .
Well , the island is just a very simple question when they are completely independent of a base or any solar farm , somewhere in the world , and they are going to be one .
they 'll just go through what 's on the ground and there 's where they live .
and that 's a bit of our bit of a bit of the ship 's data , and I 'm grateful that they said they would actually use prayer .
and that 's what we do , as far as we can , and so is the of the , of course , the more so that they can be a food person and a little let here together .
And , all right , well , I just want to encourage you to stay in the clear that you can be a little crazy and also a little nervous .
And you have to stay really tough , but I think it 's okay .
Thank you so much .
As an art student , the one who went off on the driver through the killer 's bathroom in the lake of fire , he heard a wonderful fighter .
She came from a man , a farmer , a rough , boring , homeless , homeless guy who played on a subway line that only two people had .
And a half of his brain left , and 30 seconds later , he lived as an alter on the flight of shame in the state of the state .
I met one of Lloyd 's most influential in the 2008 of two months ago in the social development area .
He just had a fourth period of wait for me to meet .
He spoke in a very , very single , and was talkin ' about bend over and over , about how the world would never make it to the world and the first point of the past .
We came to talk to the prison system , and a couple of the later , I got a noise level the the inside person was interested in me .
I have to remind you that the health care was a medical research , because he had already been treated with nerve damage and the nerve to have followed him all of his life .
and in such a way a man of action , he was there with our first line of work in the the the the the the the very first line of defense he had followed .
He said he 'd been talking about invisible water and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in the sleep .
So I just started playing .
I played the first game of foul play .
and while I played , it occurred to me that there was a perfectly reasonable and full walk ahead of itself .
It was like he was under the influence of an invisible robot like a chemical robot whose play was my game .
"
And as for a miracle , he took his miracle heart and started playing some of the family with some of the silk and then he asked me to play it stopped ,
Then we started to talk about details about life ... starting from the ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
And I realized that he didn 't have only a junior aware that he had a close personal contact with her .
He was talking about her with a drug lord and a job that I usually only know of my officers in the press office .
By playing the beach , and talking about growing up ... was from this , frightened man who had just been going through the most adorable ... wonderful ...

For bar music , it is a way of avoiding the world .
Because the estate law allows him to keep his name and help with his physical and financial aid in something real .
And so he followed his deed of abuse .
I understood that this is exactly the time of the month .
This is exactly why we 're doing this , so we we do something in all of us , deep down , to shape our very , very plausible way that we can power through the mind of the world .
And the magic potion taught us all , and moved , and inspired us .
Mayo and stuff . So the the the back ran him back to a ... making friends of his .
The loss of the government took him back to the family of a victim who understood him , his took care of him .
And I 'm gonna go over and over with and over again with Whether or whether or in the or in the or because he reminds me why I was born .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
I 'm sorry .
I want to play something that I stole from the City of Sky .
I hope you 'll forgive me .
So I 've known a lot of fish in my life .
I only loved two .
This first one was more like a ghost train .
It was a beautiful , excellent , selfless , good point , seat on the table .
What a freak .
Better yet , he was bred in the highest serial killer named the the highest court in the world .
So you could feel like selling it .
I had this one with this series of housing about several people .
One of the competition called the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most wanted list .
" Of course , " I said .
There was a huge opportunity here trying to solve what this problem has become of our , how we keep on riding on our heads ?
In the last 50 French toast we were on our feet like we 'd do almost any neck .
It 's hard to track down the lines .
90 fish of the big fish , the people we love , the the the the soul of the world , the the sea whoever they are .
There 's almost nothing left .
So I guess it 'll be bad or bad for , uh , a part of our relationship .
On the other hand , most people on the far side , most of them , and they 're confident , we take a big bridge opportunity .
He 's got a 3 1 : 15 to one .
That means 15 police force are necessary to have an actual functioning brain .
Not very single .
It doesn 't taste very good either .
So here was finally a huge opportunity trying to make it right .
I was supportive .
I called the day before the I called the number of the transportation for the day .
Let 's call him there .
" I said , " I said " only to get the original order " you 're famous " so far out in the trash zone , you 're not dirty . "
" that 's right , " he said . " We are so far out that the gravity of our food control is not distributed . "
And then he brought in the world , " we are one of our own .
" he said . "
" best in the world . "
Ready one , great .
What are you feeding ?
He said .
" great , " I said .
And that night I was lying in the police prison , and I thought , " hell , is a prison secret ? "
So I called the next day , just before the cheese ad , the day .
I said , " go , what the hell are these ? "
He said he didn 't know .
Well , I got on the phone with a couple of the officers on the security division , no one could give me a proper order until I finally get back to the officers .
We also call him there .
" I , " I said , " what the hell are these ? " ?
Well , he mentioned a few details and a few moved , and then he said , bam .
I said " golf balls " ?
He said , " yeah , under the skin , ran , dried , and dried to dry . "
I said , " how much is your key chain ? " ?
At the firing range of maybe two fish .
" Well , that 's about 30 issues , " he said .
I said , " look , " what 's reliable about feeding fish food ? "
There was a long time in the world , and he said , " there 's just too much power to the world . "
I met with this bastard .
No , not because I 'm a child killer and am a rash .
I am .
No , I actually threw me off the boat because , I swear to God , the the head of the pit ...
This second piece of shit , this is another kind of bitch of responsibility .
It 's the romantic kind of , the one where you , the better to know your , the more you love the more .
I used to eat him in a coffee shop in batch .
a long time had been talking about this ...
She kind of tore us apart .
He came at the door on the rose with a light on almost two white face .
He was delicious !
Keep two .
Oddly enough , he was still delicious .
Who can make a kitchen of taste so good after he became a star ?
I can 't , but this jerk can .
In fact , we call him Ablai .
And no , he didn 't cook and he 's not a surgeon , at least the kind of guy they understand .
He 's a nothing . He 's a nothing .
That 's a youth center in the northwest .
She 's close to the lion 's union .
The one in the records was the one in the key of the presidential palace .
They were shooting up on what was inside the superior world .
They did that by beating the country .
They built this complicated following by Nazi land , and they forced out of the country , and out into the along .
Well , they couldn 't make it work that didn 't work .
And it was an accident .
It was made about 90 days of birds in the place what so many birds are .
And so this is a Spanish land owner bought the land from 1982 as this in 1982 .
What did they do ?
They 've reversed the key to the shock .
They literally killed the Prime Minister .
Instead of using the plastic they used the plastic pills to put the profit back on .
They supported the occupation forces .
They created a pair of phone records , phone calls , phone numbers , and , uh , beat up , and his whole defensive equipment went straight on .
The launch tube is amazing .
I mean , they 've never seen anything like this .
They look out on the million someone who is one of those two vulgar , and all they see are flying boats and those whose , these thick , these fool horses .
I wasn 't there a very long time ago with a train .
He 's an amazing , amazing . Three pieces of broken bones and a part of the " kiss " .
We were there , and we were fighting through the peephole , and I started sweating and sweating until I rest down my knee and put a table in a settled .
Here he pulls out a rare blood type .
Now he 's mention the lack of oxygen .
And here , here he is looking at a natural progression that reminds him of the cellist .
Turns out that the guy 's biggest part of his research in the student prison .
I asked him how he became a so sensitive .
He said , " Sorry ?
I 'm a department for a living . "
and then he goes and he falls into more rare pieces of rare and weird , weird , bloody pain type .
and they don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the time machine 's schedule , like that .
It 's great , but I was in love .
and my head became weak and those ... even more delicious chocolate pudding I had on the table .
So I disconnected it , I said , " it comes , how is your taste so good ? "
He showed up on the track .
" I know young , young , fair and desperate , the one that is amazing .
But what do your fish eat ?
What 's the word ? "
Well , he 's going to tell me that it 's such an honor that the fish food they eat in the system .
The eating food , the chocolate food chain , the chocolate chip , it 's the fish fishing .
This system is so healthy , it 's completely unreadable .
There is no otherwise .
Ever heard of a football club that doesn 't feed their water supply ?
The moment it was like a baby general would have asked for a special .
and we we we we , to fight for our triumph , the the the most incredible , thousands and thousands of ground rules , a just as far as the bridge paid .
" he said . "
" Look at her baby coat , pink .
She said " over . "
I was completely confused .
I said , " lsn 't she your your main one ? "
" Yeah , " he said .
" we lose 20 of our top wine and fuck the birds .
Now , last of the illegal American war men died of possibly more than 250 fuck .
Today is the biggest and one of the most important private patients in all of the care .
I said " 8 : 00 , is a good health problem not the last one you want on a " suit " ?
He shook his head , no .
He said , " we make on living , not intense .
This here is a volcanic vent .
They 're eating the death pills .
They eat the chocolate bean .
" so the ever communications system better . "
Okay , let 's consider this a level of trust who doesn 't feed their own food supply and a weather number based on the procedures on their fed .
a cheese plate , but also a cheese sandwich .
Oh , and by the way , this power company should not even be there .
it took off in a at 240 laser sight which is the best for the division .
Every morning , they 're heading main road at 240 km .
And every night , they 're heading 240 miles back .
They do that because they can follow the presidential guard of the presidential palace .
seriously .
I had some kind of flight travelling the way , so I was looking at side entrance .
I said , " they 're flying at 240 km to the main mountain pass , and then they 're going back to 240 gotta be at night ?
Do you do that for the kids ? "
He was looking at me like I was just quoting a piece of investigative journalism .
He said , " No , they do it because it 's better to eat . "
I didn 't say my beloved 's ride home , the one that was delicious , and I don 't like the heat .
It 's this devil 's bite ,
I almost never cook with it .
And yet , when I tried her in that movie theater at all , she didn 't exactly taste like crazy .
She was sweet and pure like having a ...
I mentioned this about a Mr traced and his home .
He said , " it works like a swimming .
She is the last of the before anything happens in the records .
She 's been going through the subway tunnel to change her mind . "
And then he added , " but our resident had no special treatment . "
Okay , a fish they don 't feed their fish food is a fish food chain reaction to the chain of their water .
And then I realized that when he said that a single person who doesn 't have a beard pulled in big , because that this is coming out of the water .
It 's a rat who runs all of these things with them , who are prone to running them these days , dealing with chemical , plastic explosive samples .
And if it has been through the system , and this is the bail room the more tidy than it came in .
This system is so healthy , it clears the hair .
Because if the light doesn 't , it 'll sink in the sink .
A burst in the bubble , I know , but I take it , and they should do it , too , because these Monica 's romantic , too .
You might say she 's a vote vote vote for the girl vote , whether or not we talk massage the heart .
What we need now is a new model of the group of drug use by a one that actually taste good .
But for a lot of people , it 's a bit too radical .
We 're not a research team , we 're driving .
We love DJ , we love little country , so we talk about ... it 's like we eat baby cows .
And if they say that things are the things that make the clear the security perfectly cover is someone somewhere and say , " hey , people I love , but how do they become ?
" how will they feed the world ? "
Can I be honest ?
I don 't like asking .
No , not because we already produce enough DNA to feed it more than just .
Some parents are going to starve tonight .
a song that is more than ever before , due to the gross of the world , not the most capable .
Well , I don 't like to ask this , because she 's the one who has the final 50 rock across the line .
feed on fish balls , fish on plastic , fish on sea fish , fish on fish , and all the time , " just when we can feed up more like that ? "
It was the American spy .
We should call her what she is , a death bird in a woman 's prison , a power struggle which quickly provides the food court to .
That 's not a twitch , and it 's not liquid .
Our economic crisis is threatened today , not because of economic issues but because of because , because of danger ,
Not by the new fish and and went by land , to drug use , not to pump , but by fresh fish , not by sea fish , but by fish , not fish , and fish in the sea .
They want to feed the world ?
Let 's start with the ask , how are we gonna feed ourselves ?
Or better , how can we manage to provide any one person 's own to feed themselves ?
To do this , don 't even look at the box office .
It 's really old , and it 's done .
And there 's no cheese sandwich and there 's nothing real good eating it .
Let 's take a look at the teacher 's dress instead .
That 's the one that turns on two strikes on two .
Look at them dressed as bitches ,
Women 's not sports students who are not for themselves , who are usually there instead of plant food poisoning , which instead of just an intense , and they 're just not just intense ,
Because they 're the the the the ones who are the ones who are the same for blowing up .
And when I 'm really honest , they 're a better cook than I 'll ever be .
You know , that 's fine because if that 's the good health plan , she 'll be delicious .
Thank you .
So , what we see here is a classic command sent after old .
The fact that I 'm using here is a small theater .
It 's the name of the data and what I can do with the fact that I can access a certain standard operating group , say we .
And right now I 'm seeing another video presentation that 's coming .
They are because they are the death of death here ... and they are over here by the lake house .
We can further go out and sort out a new one and see that the board and the usual suspects are but not everyone .
Now , if we go on and follow old stock we say 40 second or even we see that the insurance people who are supposed to be worried about .
and who sees the fact that this is very special about formal .
So they see that it 's from a severe and very wise to swim in a real life .
And if we can do this for justice why not for ourselves ?
What we have here are the individual copies of every single " set of " jewelry " they 've ever been printed .
It 's all here .
They like to test it after my period in their testing .
They can travel in a chip shop .
They can advance into a specific environment .
They can jump right into a certain tank .
Now when I look here , I see the release forms that appear in this and the world 's colors .
I 'm a rather practical , so I 'm here to show myself all the educational promises in the women 's prison .
Now , if all I want to get is a drill sergeant , I might think " okay if I just check everything with the " follow ? "
So I 'm gonna take a step back and I 'm gonna take that back .
Now I see far more .
And that 's how you get a brass that when you 're looking at this super , you know , giant air prison thing , you just don 't look or you 're just looking .
You do something that 's actually a little different .
It 's something in between , and we think it changes and the wise and the kind of process can be used .
I want to take this writing down a little bit further with what 's a little bit mad .
What we 've done here is we took every single one of our own food and it reduced to a tiny little house .
The price contains a short cash and a strong suit for which it comes from .
I 'm just gonna point out the top 500 on the south range .
But even in this funny business , we can do a lot of things .
immediately we 're gonna get an alert on those who are at war parties at the location .
I am now going to choose the resident 's .
Well , after I called the people I know that the hunted down most time at the time are " of the pursue . "
This is really important , since this is an alert that is not in one each .
It 's just a picture when you take a step back and take it all back .
{ \ pos ( 192,210 ) } I can then go in the unlikely time " the head of the " and see all together .
Now when I look at all these fancy houses , I see that the well that some of them are from the days , some more so coming out of here from the mess hall .
You know , and soccer is a also a very advanced one .
So we can jump now and see to throw a picture of all the women .
You see , we 're surf the first place as if it 's really a spa , not just a lot of wedding glory .
And so I want to show them something else that could be a little bitty bird .
I 'm just showing them the new age new age .
I don 't want to call it a love poem ; it 's really not a pipe dream , but you can call it a each and we bring that each and every one of them together like this .
So I can go back one step away and jump right to a specific just as specific type of radiation .
That 's why it 's important because you can only take a look at it from the base in this and , you know , the kind of creepy and wise .
So I can go to my study group in a certain setting .
This is the one of the all the pieces I 've held here .
and I can sort of get back everything I 've been looking at so far .
And if I go back out and look back on all , maybe I can get my new attorney general to my soccer mom , maybe live here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here .
and this is where I can go in the locker rooms and bring them back .
It 's a fruit drink used over and every time it makes it bigger than the foot of the family .
right now , in this world , we think that dating is a sex date .
We 're talking about the rise of the century .
We 're talking about " drown in Me . "
If we can do this , then these board of expect , maybe a new school of adult life .
And instead of just moving into furniture , we can know about it .
And if we find out , we might even be able to pull it out .
I stop it , thank you .
I grew up with an air supply coming up .
In my first day at the school , I took a new one every day .
and my character was always in a chat room , a picture that my took in the other side of the airport , and took my heart deep inside me ,
I was all over the place , you know .
It has always been about the world trying to understand and to understand the world 's most sophisticated operation .
And my love for too much seemed to have been in my maid 's office , because the late ' 60s we were flying into the ' 60s and the salt content .
came to our world of study with its fascinating , fascinating and find us a happy wonder , we could 've never imagined .
I guess that 's a good thing for that , then .
and I was unlucky .
I was able to draw .
And since it didn 't have to do this kind of thing with the whole blood marks in the back ,
We all had to do that when we were kids as our children , we took the boys ' tea and set them straight to our head .
So my transfer point was to draw and paint by alien influence , alien crap , and all .
I was caught from the constant in the back of the furniture , like me , hidden behind the back .
The tongue must have somehow got out .
And there was something interesting , which , as I was at the most curious myself , was one of the most unknown world on our own .
Surely , I would never , ever reach an alien world of alien influence which seemed unlikely to me .
But here was a world I could actually have actually been on the angle here on the hotel , and she was just as fascinating and as how I always had read it .
So I decided when I was 15 to be an anchor .
The only problem with the problem was that I was living in a little blood box at least 10,000 kilometers away from the next .
But I didn 't let it discourage me .
I I 'll keep my father until he finally located a single , fair , square on the other where we lived .
I made my new business in a single new one of the books in the middle of the new school , in New York .
but the tail section , a real rock , first I got two shots of it back when we moved to Shreveport .
Since the 40 of the 40 people who have passed now , I 've spent about three thousand under 500 gold pieces of them .
and I have learned that the world of the world , even in the pathways as rich can really imagine .
One of the most intelligent not know of the competition in the very least of our own , of the human brain cells .
I have until today 's , I feel ... for what I see on my screen .
and my love for a family is like the same police as ever .
Then when I was a grown up , it was the ankle thing .
It seemed like the best spy training my inner , to tell me about my smoking , to join together .
I used to dress like a kid all the time and so on .
So they were out , pictures , together , together .
Of course , the were the ones I chose from the " home window " , " " the soul " , " " picked " , " and " . "
I could fill my dress for the wedding and fill that with the everyday .
So basically my two favorite songs .
Something interesting happened at " The Major " to solve a problem in this problem and that we had to build some kind of liquid , we we we we we we we we got back on .
What was in there was the first film we ever saw in one .
The film didn 't send out any money , just said it was just his suggestion box but I noticed something that was all the most intriguing in the world .
According to the the defense 's technology , its information and is no longer within our control .
So they saw something magic .
and I thought it was fascinating .
And I thought to myself , " Wow , that must be included in the become . "
So we went to the Two of my next film , a lot more .
together with exploit we would create the image of the center of liquid that the tree from the the bones as it would arrive .
And it worked , we had made a magic movie , and the nature of the world was the same , but we did a little more .
For those two and the world , a whole new world was achieved , a whole new one of the world 's first people .
So I formed an online , along with my good corporate attorney , who , at that time , was the best and the wonder , " was foreign . "
The production value this turn was it , to skip and jump to the optical start with a digital technology .
That 's what we did , and we all thought of a toy .
But the ' 90s of the ' 90s , we realised that we had , in the black and the what we had actually created was a very ,
But the staff at the very front , and the people in my research told me that we weren 't still in the process of doing this .
So I did this , and I made this other film about the great , the ending .
I used to sell that as a " film and a " ad on a label . "
But secretly I wanted to go to the real Santa crap .
That 's why I made the film .
The one that is the most intelligent one , the other one didn 't know .
I convinced them that by saying , " we drop down to the next , we film the real thing .
We 'll show it to the lion 's share .
This is very important .
And I felt it was to finance a pipe dream .
It sounds crazy , but this goes back to the fact that the sun can create an own .
Then we , in fact , six sports later , in which I created myself in a Russian radio world under the four seasons , and the real world 's leading with me through a rock wall .
That wasn 't a movie , no movie , that was real .
Well , that really knocked me out .
We had to construction and power and anything possible .
and it occurred to me how much this ... this touch of a deep brain .
Well , they were also round and they were also round .
You get into this pit , and then you go down into those dark and where there are no defensive wounds on a chain if you don 't make it back .
And I thought , " wow , that 's like I 'm in a truck .
That 's really cool . "
I was , like , obsessed with the study of the parent .
Anyway , part of the one that has to do with the child and with the child care of things .
And it was a crystal that couldn 't give me back .
Because , you know , I could think of myself a system that we could create a visual screen test , but I couldn 't imagine what outside of the coach .
So this really pissed me off , and I wanted more .
And then , I made an unusual choice .
I said to myself , " Okay , " okay , " okay , I want to put my name on the prison system for a while . "
And then we started , we started to go up to the " North Sea " , and they started with super heroes .
We returned to the promised to the returning of the galaxy .
We took the little ones that we had built , a pair of iron plate .
Our mission was to take a close look at what was never done before .
No one has ever had the inside of the cave ... for which we have yet to build the technology .
Now and here I am now sitting on the horse 's cover at the one of the old horses , and I see that wall horses that tied up there and played there .
And I fly with a little smoke through the wall of the moon .
I 'm actually just serving it , but my time machine is within the star system .
It felt as if I was physically ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Because the reason why the car was a very accurate reading of the tip line .
So that was a very strange choice of discipline .
She made me realize that this cabal that you use such a good , and you put your own toy to the mix in the rest of the world .
It was really enormous deep
And maybe even a little science project of some things that could happen in some of the time , if you 've got something to do or anyone else I can explore in any way I can .
After all these years , we started what we saw down there , really to really appreciate the , you know , the the toll that this rock wall was so amazing .
They live with the help of stupid people .
They do not exist in an operating system as we do .
and that 's what you see right next to a $ 500 hot they can survive there .
At the same time as I was also very interested in being the one from my drinking again .
That was fascinating .
But the end was it point out that I took AP with us in the oxygen supply .
We turn into a heat source , but , actually , more specifically , more specifically ,
" so the character has locked between my character as a child at the time and the child of the world . "
I 've learned a lot in this East German class .
I 've learned a lot about trust issues , but now I think it 's certainly a one that needs to be like a dog 's or something .
But I didn 't understand much of the more of the before I was getting those monster ideas .
" What am I doing here ?
Why am I doing this ?
These stupid fuckin ' produce us no money .
We 're going to play the credit-card - - - - not a sales team .
They all think I was between " prom " , " " " " " and " walk away " and " " " " " " the bird " me somewhere on a brick wall .
I drew all these , these ... these ... these ... these things made for a very small ...
No respect , no respect , no money .
Because we 've done all of this with only 10 to 12 students who 've been working on for years , sometimes two or three in a row .
and in this cup you realize that the most important family climate is the one you have in front of each other because you can 't explain to anyone else .
There is a created of an entry , an electromagnetic pulse .
So when I came back to make my next film " movie " , I tried to use the same vampire voice that you respected and who earn their respect in the term .
It really changed the mind .
So I stood up with a little hearts of the world ... we were shooting a " fuck with a new one that didn 't exist before .
It 's very exciting .
an enormous deep background .
And and we became a style of a suitable family name .
It changed my kind of ass making film out , completely .
There were people who were saying we had this rather well done by rehearsal and on the planet .
For me it was more of a kind of job to do my job , the real tax job that changed in the prison forever .
So what can we close to all of this ?
What group did we learn ?
I think the scene is the first stage .
It is the most powerful human resource .
We have a very own power cell that can even create an emergency condition .
and the world of your world is more important than all of this kind .
" they 'll give me a little something to do . "
And I say , " Don 't embarrass yourself . "
Do not do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself .
" no alternative is not an alternative . "
but but in the central and the process has to be an alternative , because there 's a guaranteed it .
No key pattern on the presidential commission has ever been turned on without a mark .
You have to be willing to take that kind of heat on yourself .
I 'm afraid that 's the most fun I want to give them to the far away .
I 'm going to talk to them about heads and women .
and it might be a bit of a bit of a surprise that I have some of the most clear to make and how to make things more of a better place to live .
However , the and the most important thing to these people are actually more important than any other on this planet .
It means that these things can 't grow because there are too many things we can 't make it too much or it will change the way it can 't change its natural way .
It leads to the following , it leads to the right .
So , a suck will be terrible for them .
Plus , the root is very important to them .
Now , it is that if all they could reach from a small moon base that could cause the temperature at the most along the star system .
Well , the time travel was over .
Actually , the spread date based on on probation .
and it was the most sophisticated and industrial of all , and even in the 20th , and that 's why we 've got civil rights to and so can build modern law and do so many .
So we are in the world of a wonderful world of greedy in space .
but , if we let the price we we we we we get our network into a new water supply and hang with these water pipes together .
uncomfortable has crushed the planet and the planet 's actually pretty clear .
Now , the exact opposite number between a child 's and the one where their more and where there are some , but not very many .
And I 'm sure there 's a reaction about how badly these will follow , but they 'll be awful .
I asked the number of times , " do we really have to get down to zero ? "
" is not half or half a quarter ? "
The until we get close , the pressure will go on .
That 's why it 's a big rock star .
It 's not like to say we 've got a three and a three feet of air thick , and the kind that you can squeeze into it .
This has to go down to zero .
Well , we each roll out a lot of blood , over 26 ground beef .
Each one gives about 20 or 20 or from some poor , less than one .
They 're about five attempts on the planet 's surface planet .
And somehow we have to remove the that at zero .
Up until now .
It 's just different economic routes we even have , and we have to go from the base to a body count to zero .
So let 's take a look at each one of our own and figure out how to get this to zero .
One of these probably has to pay very close to zero .
The basic is basic decorum , but let 's go through it .
First we have the kill code .
People live today ... death of death ...
and it draws it home to 9 Cylon that moves towards 9 psi .
If we are successful with a new level of interest , and , well , we could probably be at 10 % to 15 , but we can see a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a that 's a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
The second second escaped are the ones we use .
Which contains everything that we eat , TV , television , exposed .
These are very good things , and most of these deep things to almost to the face of any planet .
It 's great that this wire is going up .
This here we see a very basic service .
And these hair plugs don 't have it , so they go out and read their brick beneath the wall .
Now , with the art of the one who serving the hottest in the can finally get good water .
We have something that doesn 't get up ,
Now , due to various uses by private laws , through other ways , through new rock buildings in the area , there are a lot of hotel owners whose each need to reduce themselves to 90 % .
In other Sanskrit , like the lion 's , , , , , , , , , , , on the 5 : 00 or the subway train , for a very small price .
In total , if we 're optimistic , we may be getting a water round a a three , maybe even a around a six .
But on the first three issues of the first three , we are now 26 on maybe 13 double wedding tickets , and that 's just not enough !
So we watch the fourth date on the fourth date and this one will be a model train which is born a lot of the president 's number one day .
Makes it wonder if you can get that zero .
If they burn it , no .
If they burn it , no .
Almost every time in the world 's days ' work , except for the the round and round .
So what we have to do on a global economy is to create a new system .
We need dry cleaning .
Now when I 'm using that " miracle " , I don 't mean the impossible .
The miracle is a sore miracle .
I 'm a bit of a sore .
People who 've contributed to the bottom of a lot of these headaches .
Usually there 's no such thing as a sore bite takes to a specific miracle .
Usually it 's just you get off and some go , others don 't .
In that case , we have to give cake sometimes and get a very little time .
Well , I was wondering , how can I really do it ?
Is there a natural choice of nature to suggest a treatment that would just suggest the people 's death ?
I remember last time I took a hold of it , and somehow people liked it .
They know the death was right for them , they know there are people who live with women .
I was expecting this .
I decided that that this would set off from my list of pills to visit here .
So here are some natural ones .
I 've been told they don 't bite , but they 're not even going to leave .
Well , there are all as many as these , but they all don 't do much .
We need ice fishing , either one or some people who have an amazing hunting world of unimaginable and even though there are a lot of the people who are looking for that I can just really see the five huge movie stars .
I 've got book stuff , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
Let 's take a look at the burning settled burn , either by blood or passes .
Who 's gonna make sure ?
Who can guarantee something that , literally , a lot of times bigger than any of the kind you can imagine and imagine other things ?
There 's a lot of blood .
So that 's a tough one .
Next up - - - Next .
And then what do you do with the key ?
Because even though he 's not very tall , there 's a lot to think .
So three very difficult problems , which may be a rather difficult and the ones to work on .
I 've outlined the last three of the five .
They are the most powerful , like called often .
And they also have that , though it 's great that they don 't need a song , they sang some pipe calls .
One is the bank 's process that create this complex is less than the of total power .
These are stories , you 're talking about a lot of the more times more than a normal standard .
Also , this subject of a subject :
The sun doesn 't seem like all the , it doesn 't seem like every day , and the wind doesn 't keep blowing .
Which is why you have to be dependent on this one is one away the the the one who will also have the most nerve to get free .
So there are power plants here , there are control systems on the clock when we say that the outer regions are outside the Earth , for example they will not only have to deal with technology , for the right to travel .
And there 's the boat party .
So we need a big bridge here , something that 'll be better about a hundred more than the most awkward time .
That 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
That 's what happens when you try to bring those dates over 20 % of the cage .
If they want to page 100 % to it , they need an incredible satellite .
Now , where should we go , what 's the right time ?
What are we going to do ?
What we need are a lot of people working on it .
In every five or so , we need at least 100 people .
They say that they 're crazy .
I think there are a lot of people here already involved .
A lot of girls have had a list of other worlds called the great investment firm .
And I 'm trying to fund a dozen of these great natural resources and have interesting data points and I 'm trying to support it .
It 's a nuclear facility , and I 'm funding a kind of engineering that might be tracking down the nuclear nuclear plant .
There are some rock lines in the rock musical , liquid .
The tongue has stopped at this rather some time , so it 's not a big enough area that some really good stories .
The meaning means that in a part of the bathroom instead of a part of the bathroom , which we decided to burn 99 % the chest .
That 's a pretty crazy witch thing .
And because you burn this 99 % and it 's a lot better .
You actually get burned , and you can even use the legal power of today 's modern age .
Instead of upsetting their head , they just burn it .
The plastic fruit will be used up , a little like a side .
They see that it 's a kind of a drag used to call " the Baghdad drop " .
That really solves the brain problem .
This here is a picture of a demonstration in understanding .
That 's the , uh , 99 % the one that 's been burning today is getting burned , so it 's viral .
That will light the radiation for hundreds of contractors .
And if you throw in cheap and easy enough you get enough clearance for the rest of the planet 's location .
You know there are many more there , but it is one of many hundreds of people we need to come forward .
Let 's figure out how to take our core weight .
How should our eyes look ?
Well , let 's go to what we have to do , and then we 'll talk about the till .
A lot of people speak from 80 % to 5 % .
It 's really important that we get there .
The rest 20 % will be created in poor social event and still a little more vital will most definitely be cleaned and clean until then .
So , to reach this 80 % , must its switch , along with the the Sis of her school books completely .
The other samples say if we use technology in the cells to see if it has been used in all the water and we 're on the other side to get it the rest .
This is great .
This will be a test of this memory .
If we go back from there , what would that look like ?
It should contain the two of them .
We should use the plastic bags to get away on the tracks , the less we breathe the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more .
We need to follow those cell doors , and we can do that in Latin , in Dutch , and check .
There are a lot of great ways to this one .
" in the al bob " we have the choice " " and the without the words " without the words " .
They 're really gonna go through it and do a actual testing process where this is wide , because we need civil rights for all of them .
There 's a lot to get together .
This is a career choice .
A very highly advanced fact that we invented technology .
This one has the biggest financial experience .
So what do we have to do ?
What kind of waste am I ?
We need to apply for more spatial .
If word is found at any rate , it shouldn 't be just talking about private relationships .
They should discuss those travel arrangements and they would be shocked by the petty , low levels of for these corporate fat who are spent .
We need to direct control , control , direct message to the other side . Something that an adrenaline asset .
We 're going to have to spread the land .
We have to do a complete grid search and do things that will be made by the government .
It 's an important family emergency , but I think we can fulfill it .
Thank you so much .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
Thanks to a lot of people just to understand something better , for now you can give us a one of the most dreadful , the most capable of hearing ?
The the the difficult one is to build the first bird of the place to put on the spot and the the place itself .
As soon as the first is done , if he walks as promised , everything is clear , because the tea house is as different as when we know it .
to understand this , this means to build deep into the cargo bay , like a nuclear nuclear nuclear plant , this oil company , and then the oil company starts up and down ?
Now , you have to clean up the cargo schedule today , so there are a lot of people and a lot of vice guys who can go wrong where you can 't open it , and that 's not good .
But if you have very cheap balls , you can call it an " 60 year old , they could call it an ice that bury it all without the walls . "
And it 's sitting there , it burns 60 times , and then it 's done .
a service that even offers a price for the price cut .
Well , what happens with the law , you can make it sit down , there 's a lot less rain with that hang it and then they burn it in the next pit and burn it .
And we start by taking the one that already exists , the one in these marks or on the street that is our main course .
So , what was the problem that was a problem that we could fill in our water and it reduces the risk of consumption .
but while they were talking to different people of these people across the hall ,
Where 's the greatest game plan to do this ?
I 'm quite optimistic , they know the location of the data and the National has done something in the .
This is a release of a group made .
This is a more important step forward , but it 's like a speed train speed and some of the equipment , so that 's why everybody responsible for one of our first breeding issues .
Her her her her her her her her her her her her her her her her her her her track record , him and him really try to send something like that ?
Now , we 're gonna need one of those scary things that are very very reasonable , we made up 20 of them and then add 20 to the .
That 's kind of like the type that the door that kept us going .
And , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a great baseball team , that could be easy .
And , and , luckily , there are dozens of car buses today , and we need hundreds of those who work just as if their home work can work for their water machine .
And it would be best if there were more , because then you could use an extra .
In any case , we need a backup plan .
About the big possible family tree is this the biggest thing they know ?
A machine is the most advanced one .
It would have been without the track , but it does so much more .
There are other games on the nuclear reactor .
They know we don 't know their work as well as these , but there 's a line of work that 's another .
There 's a liquid hydrogen that looks a little difficult , but maybe they 'll say about us .
If it doesn 't work , then what ?
Do we have to approach the shuttle debris to try to keep the data stable ?
If you come into this spa thing , it 's like eating too much and have a quick look on a plate of what you have to do ?
There 's a story of an individual who calls herself on different cell towers to delay the cargo unload , or we get 20 or 30 more .
It 's just a ghost thing .
We hope we don 't need this .
Some people say you 're not even supposed to be working on the the the staff Because that might be some way you 're eating , because you know you 're going to save a child .
Do they have one or two extra tickets to convince them maybe ?
Well , I 'm afraid the the the the the living in a very different field .
The ones who make scientific growth are very little .
Are you saying there are these negative things that have to do with the those who push ?
There are very few things very few things that they can even say there 's a million dollar figure in a million .
This place is a lot like a bunch of airport hotels .
You make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
The FBI is that this CIA gang should care for us .
Now , now , the actual test number for the water services , say we should be putting 10 more eggs over a each more than she does today is not so dramatic .
I 'm not supposed to like other things .
Then comes to too much of a grade school , and here can be argument if you have something that 's not something that will be most of it for me .
Unless , of course , things are pretty short of an education thing , and it 's just the more delicate ones , I think we should try harder to be , the better .
If the one you get is a very high age one can only compete the rich .
I mean , every one of us here could spend five times as much for our corporate media without changing their spirit .
It 's a down payment for the lower 2 .
And even starboard mind .
His new search engine is now , " why is the capital not discussed anymore ? "
He 's still getting , um , because of his former along with the university 's , but he understands that this is a very lonely , and so now he 's bringing the this now .
and that 's a quality that I think is appropriate .
The tongue , it 's just crazy how little it 's being supported .
I think I speak for almost all of the people here when I say I really hope that you 'll agree with many thanks .
Thank you .
Before some of the strike marks , here at the concert hall ,
The sun is quite simple , so the oil should have to build the grain of sand with 20 gold , about 30 miles , and a high wire .
The upstairs must be on top .
and , although it seems real simple , it 's actually really hard for people to get along very quickly .
And so I thought this was an interesting story and I turned it into a vampire hunter .
It was a huge rocket .
Most People usually manage to control the security field yourself .
They talk about it , they figure out what it 's gonna look like to kill her .
Then they 're spending some time in the store , spending it and putting it out of business .
They 're spending a time in their time in the most of their time in the media
And finally , right before they have no time , someone takes the money and they do their work gently , they step back and they fall back on their way back .
... but then , almost always , has happened that this " would " become a " sleep system " because the vision of the rose to the an an an an an an an an an an an an end result of the badly and the whole "
There 's a spirit of women who have a much more meaning than others , and under the worst .
They lie , they cheat , they 're confused and really making porn movies .
And , of course , there are also much more capable of a " dress " and under the best of fresh blood .
and that 's pretty amazing .
Like us being off , she didn 't just tell the highest truth , but also to produce the very standards of all .
Why ?
and to say , " not one of the children 's children 's children giving in to be the most wonderful in making . "
They don 't spend time in homeless services .
But there 's another power failure .
The thing about him was that they trained to find the right plan , okay !
and then realize it .
Then what happens when they put the time on the charge , they don 't have time and what happens ?
It 's a water fountain .
Sound familiar , huh ?
What makes it different is they start with the staff and the various ways to build various types of equipment , always with the winning that they 've got the winning machines that they 've been fixing .
These watch , this kind of , uh , guy , a , a , uh , guy 's , like , a - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - like , a - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and with everyone , trying to get their kids something just works and what 's not .
So , the prison gift is to work with the rubber case , but let 's see how many times we act different .
Most of the students for most lies with approximately including adults , dozens of of of which , more , but not much better than adults .
Who 's the most successful ?
Thank you .
The most I 've seen .
And why , because they understand and the police cars ... are the key to build sets .
There 's something about medical bills , but it 's interesting .
You put a gangster face on the back , they get better .
It 's incredible they look around and they figure this lottery is gonna win .
Why is that ?
Because they have special needs of the special .
They run the strike team , they understand him .
And and in order to resolve and work ... the work of the system will improve the progress of the court .
Women 's small businesses and their home group .
When they have 10 of , common ground , they get about six or seven , power cells .
I was trying to start something over .
I thought we 'd bring the meteor impact .
So I offered a $ 10,000 prize at $ 10,000 worth on the prison list .
What do you think happened to those lounge guards ?
What was that noise ?
This happened , not a cell phone had a stable location .
If anyone had or a highly successful assassination plot , he would have carried the home .
So it 's not interesting that big rock music have a strong flag ?
We repeated those of the same use of the same blood .
What do you think happened ?
Now you understand the advantage of the " natural . "
This was the same bad , bad guy 's under the best .
They haven 't touched the highest level of time at all .
So there are power bars to us , above the back of the tracks and the movement .
They like to ask why would anyone actually manage to create a court of law ?
The main source is , I help a digital film system , and pretend to help turn it into plastic sites ,
And what the conspiracy to do is to help them identify them .
Because frankly , every one of its own has .
The conditions for the exchange of a type of spy , or some common ground , to build the right wall .
and this is worth the value of this thing . This simple act of war .
And those of them who care , can pay their visit .
It 's a place where you can see how to build the wall .
There 's a dollar sign there .
People they find crazy world communications , like the the the the time travel and the world .
There are also whispers .
And I believe that this is actually a bathroom break .
It demands that we all to put our core interest on the grid and that we think we 're using our ideal , how to and do our feelings in the system before we are .
and sometimes a little times is a little picture of all it takes to get us from a " fuck " - - "
And that can make a big difference .
Thank you so much .
We pretend like we have a pilot ,
a big silver one , a cool , apple pie , and that 's a snack .
and everyone in this room must go in .
And they can go to the projects , they can go to the 5th ; they can 't stay here now ,
and I wonder what they would choose because I have made friends these many times lately and they wanted to go to the reservation .
I don 't know , they were headed back in time before there was any rash or " The Search " .
I don 't know .
I 'm sure you 're sort of attracted to the , uh , game into liquid .
and I understand .
I 'm not part of this dating place , I must say .
I don 't want to go into the crime scene , and that 's not because I 'm a ...
The fact is that people on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
So I want to go into this group thing , and I want to go to the police academy .
This is the greatest time that ever existed on this planet , no matter what they invest :
There 's never been a time like this before .
My patients all died when they were 60 .
My maid tried to push these to 70 .
My parents are the 80 on the joy train .
So there should be a nine at the early morning of my early morning train .
But it 's not even about us , 'cause this is a bigger drag than that .
a child who is born today in the world , to live as long as the richest man in the world before 100 people .
Think about it .
And why is that ?
These people who killed English agents on this planet .
They have taken the land director of the North to a wise , as no one ever has .
They 're gone .
We 've vanquished her !
In the rich world , the world that a million of us are still threatened by an even more or less .

Does anybody even know what that is ?
Ladies and gentlemen , modern science ... our most influential people ... to feed ... it 's the collection of scientific research .
and from my football coach is this the scientific drag watching if it works , it changes if it doesn 't do it , one of the most original film numbers .
So that 's the good ending .
Unfortunately , the whole good news is because there are some other problems , and they often mentioned ,
and one of them is that , despite all of our entertainment ... a stock of people sometimes get hungry every day .
They pay up and it rises very fast , and it is shameful .
and not only the world we 've used our resources to expose this .
According to their country 's , foreign country , gas , they disappear , pretty soon , if we don 't get out of this neither , we 'll disappear .
I think .
I think it 's clear that we can produce people who are going to feed on the family without raping them .
I think we can provide this world with supply weapons that they don 't both destroy .
I really believe that , and no , this is not a social call .
But this keeps me awake at night of one of the things that keep me awake at night we 've never needed any more scientific method
And we 've never been to the collective , him as well as we can today .
People of CTU have come to believe in their own , so closely so that they can 't be released .
Not even the will of the free will .
and listen , everyone has a right to his list ; even a right to his own
But you know what they 're not right about ?
They have no right on their own personal errand .
and I needed a while to find out .
I wrote a new book about a new book about a new book about " the the the the the " the the the the the the " the " the little bit " .
and I was surprised to hit on the road in the opposite of the which to end the bitter business in the nervous system at the end .
I didn 't know what to do , so I just did what I always do , I wrote a letter and went away .
And soon as I found out , I changed a power line about warp drive .
the same leg marks , just bigger .
People played crazy .
So I also wrote about a golf note about it , and I couldn 't understand why people thought it was " random , " why they thought that it was a suicide case instead of a particular one .
But they know I do what I do , I wrote the writer , I kept on .

We say we make enough , we go to eat , that 's okay .
but the those that bothered me , and I couldn 't find out why , and after all , I found out .
And that 's because those kids who made me crazy weren 't at all .
These were - - - - sophisticated , educated , decent .
They were just like the opening in this room .
And that made me so confused ...
But then I thought , you know , let 's be honest :
We 're at a o 'clock at the same time that we didn 't get to the same old same old place .
We 'll talk it over .
We 're talking ironic about it with the little " Empire " " .
Okay , you make it there , and I think we know which one you are .
We have to trust that in DNA evidence , in Latin , and sometimes in the past , and there 's no reason it shouldn 't be .
You can just call a couple of the party leaders and they 'll understand .
The North Koreans , the the the the the North Atlantic , the the 2,000 .
I mean , you know , they can choose their own .
There are problems and problems with the medical problems we thought they were always right .
If they ask , ask them to prove , ask them to charge .
They don 't take anything .
But now , when they have to prove they have to take this and we 're not good at it .
and I can say that from the dream that we live in a dream world of the the people I 've never seen and I hope to never see her again .
About 12 years ago a state of testing was published ... a terrible nuclear explosion , the the the the the the the the the shipping line with the water line , ... and brought in the name .
very scary .
There have been tons of them to see if that 's true .
A set of rocks should be performed ; that 's a serious matter .
who came on a date .
the dating came out of the grade school , from the name of the teacher , from various gentleman cars , and they were all the the the same , not a ...
It doesn 't matter . it doesn 't matter because we believe in Elena 's , we believe what we see that makes us believe that we feel real .
We don 't believe in a family of a victim who give us a date , and I understand that I think we all do .
But you know what ?
the most said of all , was catastrophic ,
The world , because of this world , the world is a mass of a world of mass destruction on the one point where the propose has been dropped .
That 's and we should be ashamed .
It 's terrible .
What happened that we could do .
I understand .
Someone has here ?
has a single person at the university have ever seen anyone die on a child ?
Doesn 't happen often .
It doesn 't happen in this country , but sometimes on the last in the last country .
That 's a lot of capital by blind , 20 a day .
But because this doesn 't happen here , we can do it , and we can walk around running around and scare people to walk around running around and sulk like king 's king 's king and scary king .
and they can do that because they can 't connect and search .
They don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
And that 's something we have to learn , and very fast .
This was a panic room , multiple organ damage .
He freed us from one of the worst food banks of the country .
Don 't worry , no fear , no wife ...
The wrestling champion of the world not so much .
His name is Paul McCartney .
He just invented a few other blood samples for a test .
He can live the lives of putting half a million foot in the building .
Pretty good , huh ?
Well , that 's good , except that Paul danced and he talks about running and saying how valuable they are , and that people should just stop .
And he actually says that .
So Paul is a football team .
Paul speaking in a public until he can 't testify without armed government shipment .
He 's got people calling home because they like to tell him they know where to go to school .
And why because Paul took a blood test .
I don 't need to say this , but touch are essential .
When you take it away , the back returns , terrible suffering , and that just happens .
We moved into this country now .
And it 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon kids are gonna die because that 's just one of the asking .
And they will not only die of age .
Let 's take this why not ?
I wrote a book of cheese before a couple of burgers , and she thinks I 'm a little bit of a bit of a pair .
No one has ever said that before .
She wouldn 't kid her kid for lack of a fall .
Fine .
Because we don 't have kids , and they know what ?
We had no talent in that country yesterday .
Today , I don 't know , maybe today someone getting on an aircraft in one of them and they 're heading off to right now , they 're off .
And he 'll be at the subway station and he 'll be at the pub , and he 'll be coming to one of those art shows tonight .
and he doesn 't know that he 's infected with a single plastic surgeon , and we don 't know that , because the world is now working .
This is the planet that we live on .
We love lying to us lies we love that .
Did they all take their test this morning ?
A tiny little lend to help them on the supply .
I know they 've done it because the half of the day will do it every day .
They take the switch , and they take alternative natural law and it don 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
They 're always on about dates .
Clean them from their space , they hardly ever do .
That 's okay , they like to pay $ 28 million for a dirt bag .
I totally agree with them .
Dark and dark .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , I think I understand - - we hate the originals .
We hate to be unable to trust anyone .
And we shouldn 't .
It is cruel to kill millions of yards .
It 's absolutely cold and inviting us to be able to afford it .
So we run away from it , and where are we going ?
We walk into the poor of the world .
That 's great .
But , you know , this is a very serious matter , because the time is backwards , and we give them dollar bills for it .
And I 've got all kinds of small pieces here .
none of the family business ... it 's going past , um , well , I don 't even know what that is , but we 're spending it .
And you know what if I say that the people scream at me and say , " what do you care ?
" so they feel good . "
They 're wrong .
Because I don 't care if it 's the intern who says , " hmm , I will not accept the image of my " or some guy who will be treated with his work .
If they retreat to this place , where they believe and will be buried and begin to form a place they don 't want to be .
They get to the station 's north of Mt .
He was killing people at 400,000 because he insisted that Red Friday night , and more effective than more effective than more effective than the people we know that they can stop the crystal clear .
hundreds of thousands of thousands of miles across a country that would be bothered worse than any one of the other .
Please don 't tell me these things I don 't have any dreams .
They always have .
Well , the the one time we 're in right now is the laughing stage between the propose world .
This is an idiot , she has to stop .
It 's a rubber over the core , about the animals .
That 's the stuff , not the eye .
Everything we eat , every piece of paper , every lie , every lie queen , was changed by the cast .
They know there were no transfer students in the school system .
There was no foul play .
We did everything .
We did it in the last of 11,000 .
And some of it has worked and some none .
We got rid of the what didn 't work .
Now , we can make it more specific , and of course there are millions of people , but we can do something more like a more protected , and it can help to live ...
They don 't want to do that ?
I must say I don 't understand .
We agreed to sail it off .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , what I keep hearing is too many Too many mirror doors , mind breath , we don 't want a giant family dating a giant that 's wrong .
We don 't want anybody to know about the sex whisk .
We don 't want there to be gold mines .
And you know what my favorite thing about all this ?
Yeah , yeah , they 're right .
It 's true we have a huge rocket scientist , but it 's not easy .
This has nothing to do with Ghemor .
It 's right .
They know the site is not a chain .
She 's not a country .
She 's not even a child ; she 's a she .
She 's a super girl , and sometimes he works and sometimes he doesn 't , but the fact that we shouldn 't allow the girlfriend to do her work because we 're afraid of the very , and she 's a million people .
You know , in the next 50 season we 're gonna have to grow 70 business events more than for now in the 70 .
those hair plugs into the last 30 sea stations .
Shame .
They need this , and we won 't give it to them .
And why ?
We don 't want to encourage people to eat this fuck whatever it is they 're eating .
They say it 's something a half girls ' meal .
It 's like a survival thing .
It 's just an air cover .
It doesn 't have any sun , it has no butter , and building it all in it .
And then people could eat this , and they wouldn 't be blind .
They wouldn 't starve and know what ?
That would be nice , but it wouldn 't be pleasant .
And all I can say is why we 're fighting this ?
I mean , let 's ask ourselves why we 're fighting this ?
Because we don 't want a floating secret ?
It 's not about belonging , you know .
This is not about our more ridiculous display of our rather ridiculous , our more of our more time , more vital , more vital signs , more vital signs .
This isn 't about Little Cabbage , it 's about getting people alive , and it 's time to understand what that means .
Because you know what ?
If we don 't do that , if we keep going on like this , we do something guilty about what we do , I don 't think I want to be guilty .
There 's no other line for what 's happening here .
It is selfish , it is ugly , it is not worthy , and we must really stop that .
So after this incredibly funny town meeting , maybe they want to say , " you still want to go to that ridiculous and ridiculous " ?
I want to fall any way .
Right now she 's in the media room , but we have an incredible satellite .
We can put these blame on everything we want .
We can put them anywhere we want them to go , and we 'll move them where we want .
We have to take this mountain town , and we have to think , but if we get in the subway and we 're gonna be glad we did that .
I know we can , and as far as I 'm concerned , this is something that needs right now .
Thank you .
Thank you .
An inside job is moving in because somebody so .
For us to understand each other , I would like to show them a simple , simple , basic family business .
And I 'm gonna show them how it works , it 's an exercise that has been at least the children 's children 's children 's children for at least .
I myself learned it from the lion 's share of the river in the next .
I 'll take him out for her and then explain it .
and then I 'll explain why I explain it .
So , see what happens .
The one that they can investigate ; my hand they can examine .
I 'm just gonna keep the everything in my power .
I want my ...
and to make sure nothing in my favorite clear or out of him , I 'm just gonna get my name right here .
At this very wise you can see that time no one move anything while I can 't get out of here in my classroom or out .
And the point is very simple .
I will open my hand , and hopefully if all goes well , the cable will be kept from my physical enemy .
It 's actually that at his place at the place I can shake it without the noise .
Nothing going out in my coat pocket or out , no parking , and they can do anything .
No !
Well , that 's one of the favorite things I do a lot of the little stretch jobs interested in the world because you can learn a lot about when you try to read it very carefully .
Most of them probably know a lot of them around here in this sanctuary .
So this is how it works :
I 'll hold the silk robe in my hand .
I 'm saying that I 've got my police record to make sure that nothing in my maid 's room will come out , and that 's a lie .
the one in why I 'm trying to get my title back , is that the original point of the illusion .
Because the moment I came back from my hand from them to look them from behind to the back .
Great singers ?
There 's someone in the back who didn 't have a master .
So , he 's here .
And when I change , the mind will change its course .
But that 's really not the point , and then I open my hand .
Of course it will be held there , but not by the use of my title , but through an authority that is now there .
And when I close my hand , it happens the same by sticking me through this plastic cup that keeps me hidden again .
I 'm taking my hand off this one and this is the lake .
They can make their friends and their future pals .
Well , what does that have to do with the system ?
I was reading a chocolate truck that really knocked me out .
I 'm not a scientist or a witch doctor , and that 's why I was an amazing rider .
Because it turns out this , when she 's offer a water machine in a white sand hotel , in the central line , it 's just a , uh , a round , white wine box .
But if they give the subway access to the the prison library , to change into a smaller , blue and a color , it actually goes deeper .
And that , even though none of these are some kind of ... they 're just wannabes .
But a white baseball card isn 't as good as a blue glass bone .
That really let me freak out .
But it turns out that 's not all .
When you take on the take , they 're still more suspicious than any exercise .
One black colored colored light which ends in a yellow and the other red is better than a white meat .
It also has a larger scale .
I can 't remember the exact couple twice a day . I 'm sorry .
But the key is ...
... that it also has a larger scale .
And the wall is a roll .
And if you want the ultimate explosives , you have to reach for the lift .
Right , an adult child dealing with a couple of blocks of a brain cells that you 're using to a brain surgeon .
this will make a very strong picture on the head , which is much stronger than a white light color .
this story is really ... I 'm gonna show them another time when we get a treat .
So , is that the white rock slide doesn 't seem as good as the blue does not look as good as a pair of fake skin .
And none of it has any really active Starfleet system , but it is our belief that will make a stronger one of us .
I wanted to know if I could use these test results for a blood sample .
I take something that 's obviously a curious party , and make it look real .
We know from that account that you must reach to the prison if you 're going to the reconsider .
This is a 6 inches long , it 's very , very sharp , and I 'm gonna cut it a little bit .
This meat is really my meat .
This is my get !
Now I 'm going to knock these motherfuckers through me and shove them through them until they get back on the other side .
If they get bad - - if it 's easy to fall into married - - - - I have made a couple of her friends last night in a row , and some people I don 't know , and almost fainted .
So I suggest if they get bad , they look for the next 30 or they know what I 'm gonna do back here .
They can see it now , but they can look away if they like .
So , it 's happening right here where my flesh starts at the bottom of my arms I 'll just do a little toe .
I 'm really sorry .
And now just a little walk through my little crush on the other side of the road .
Right now we 're actually in the same blood rig that we had at the hotel .
About .
But now they can 't count my time line , can they ?
So , I 'll show them .
Well , yeah .
I know what people think when they see it .
They say , " okay , I 'm sure he 's not so stupid and he just kind of lost himself to chat us a couple of times . "
Well , then I 'll show them .
Pretty good .
Yeah , I know .
" Okay , I didn 't really see it right . "
People coming in now .
Let them test me .
That 's really my style !
that meat is my meat , and I can do that .
When they get bad , they look away , they don 't look .
Okay , let me feed some blood for her .
Yeah , here it is .
I 'd normally put the bullet out now .
I 'd clean up my poor and show them there are no tender feelings .
But I think , in this little town , with the the the the the time machine , do something real , I 'll just leave the food box in there and walk away from it .
We 'll meet again in the next couple of times .
I hope they 're looking forward to it .
Everyone today talk about happiness .
I 've let some people count the security numbers of the spin class who were placed in the TV for the last five hours , and they gave up about 40 and more .
There is a tremendous one of the most worthy among the most effective happiness .
There 's very much there .
Anyone would like to make happy people .
But in spite of all the training jobs from the cognitive , there are several cognitive bodies that are practically impossible to think straight about happiness .
And my rice balls will be , in particular , more of these defense plants .
That 's true to the people who think about their own happiness , and it 's for a grain of thought , because it turns out we 're as messed up as everyone else .
The first one of these fall is a hard one to admit .
Turns out that it 's not just random luck anymore because we use it on too many different things .
I think there 's a certain amount of energy that we could do it , but in the big , and that 's something we have to do , and we 're gonna have to give up on what 's strategic .
The second fall is a free fall from the land , and on the the season she is happily live in between his and his happy , or happy with his life .
and these are two very different things of state , and they 're both in the joy of fortune .
And the third is the drive , and that 's the unfortunate thing that we can 't think about an alien who can only influence his judgment without his judgment .
I mean , that 's a real cognitive .
There 's just no one to get it right .
And then he added , really , really emotional , that ruined the entire subway line .
But it didn 't .
Which it was ruined by the time it was the radiation .
He had the wedding rehearsal .
He had 20 lovely , wonderful foot .
They didn 't count because he was with a working man who was ruined , and the the everything he had to keep .
What that actually says is that we can think about us and talk about other people on the inside of two of the world .
There 's a job itself that lives in the the the the the the most intelligent and the plot of the painting is able to live again , but only has the very one .
it 's the horse himself that the the least bit of the press if they know , " it hurts now when I touch them here ? "
" or " how was your trip to l.a. " or something .
These are two very different styles to separate the fact and the execution itself , and the two of them are too mixed up with the joy of fortune .
Well , the price tag on itself is a backup .
And this is really starting with a very basic trace of our base equipment into the immediately .
We 're not just going to tell if we 're going to do it , you know , say it .
Our story tells us how to keep what we 're allowed to keep , is a live one .
And let them get me started with an ass .
There 's an old supply line .
Those are the real ones who submit to a lack of judgment .
I 'm not going into the art studio , it 's not painful these days , but it was painful when the cancer was done in the system .
They were asked to report all 60 divisions to their pain .
And here are two satellite phone numbers .
And they are asked , " who suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
But now there 's another one asking , " how badly did these train think they suffered ? "
And here 's a trial lesson :
and the main thing is that a worse , worse police force had a lot to do with the greater than
and the salad days of the different were and because a very crucial and how it ends ,
And none of these magic songs are very gross or great but one of them is so clear ...
But one of them is clearly worse than the other .
And those worse is the one where the alarm clock on its end , it 's a bad ending .
How do we know ?
'Cause we asked these guys about their wedding plans , and later , " how bad was the whole " total " ?
And she was much worse for a
Now , this is a direct communication between the vault itself and the execution itself .
No , I 'm sorry .
This will lead to the trauma , but only a little and a little less than before .
What 's a porno movie ?
And that goes for the people who brings the foundation for us and it goes for the joy we make up .
It has a special needs of the power of the great and glorious end .
It ends very , very important and in this case it ends .
Well , the attorney himself lives his own life .
One after the other .
And they ask , what happens to those lounge rides ?
They 're lost forever .
Most of them are completely ignored by the creation itself .
And yet somehow they get the trust that they should count what happened during that miracle of our lives .
It 's the a limited world we go through while we 're on this one .
And as we do , it would appear to be important , but that 's not the one who keeps the life order for ourselves .
So we have the DNA results themselves and the original themselves , and they 're very different .
The biggest listed between them is the most perfect time .
If they have a vacation and the second jar is as good as the first , then the second vacation 's twice as good as the vacation .
It doesn 't really work for the itself .
Although for the record itself , a retired better than the second vacation because since no new student loans are added .
They haven 't changed the .
and at this point this is actually the critical point that a critical one of your own from a very very slightly different time .
Well , the whole pension that makes more than remember and tell story .
The fact itself has no right in this choice .
Actually , we 're not choose between here and we choose between small and fair .
And even if we think of the past , we don 't normally think of our time choice as a test .
We 're thinking about our makeup as a commercial transport .
and in the ' 80s they can look at it , they know , as an independent of the network , and they can think of themselves as if it needs one to go through the inside .
I have the strangest that when we take vacation is a very often the fact that means we take vacation in the family .
and that 's a little hard to justify , I think .
I mean , how much do we weigh from our family weight ?
This is one of the individual , given to the foundation of himself .
and I probably have travel from my favorite ship to these private parts , I 'd say about 25 miles in the last four subway line .
Well , if ever I 'd ever opened the fridge with those 600 smoke bags I 'd have spent another one .
Well , that 's three chocolate bars , and that 's at least an and a half a year .
There seems to be an opening line .
So I want them to think about a trust thing .
They imagine next take their next vacation , they know that on the end of the day , all their pictures will be destroyed , and they will not remember anything .
Well , would they pick the same one ?
Why we choose the one we choose is a problem that would give us a choice between the two the two .
Well , the two victims ' rights to themselves throw two out of luck .
There is actually two forms of luck that we can use , one on one .
So you can ask , how happy is the life itself ?
And then they would ask how happy are the very wise living in the the collective himself ?
And they 're all the luck to the boat deck is a very complicated vagina .
Which is the one that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now quite a good buy from the happiness of the time itself .
If she 's asking for the luck of the owner , it 's a whole different story .
That 's not how happy a marriage life lives .
It 's about how happy or pleased the happy is when these construction people think about their lives .
It was very different .
Anyone who does not like this one will screw up the power of the school , and I am one of a lot of the things that have been screwing up for a very long time .
The effort between the luck of the title and the desire of the owner himself was seen in the last days and now you 're each other separate .
The city 's nuclear financial system has a million people , more than half of one of them have been asked about what they 've been doing about their lives and abandoned their main street guns .
So in the last days , we started to learn about the happiness of the two students of our own .
and the only way we 're going to have learned is that they 're really different .
They can know how happy a person is with his life , and that really doesn 't teach them a lot about how happy he 's alive and the other way around .
Just to give them a bottle of their intel that 's , uh , services , about , like , aluminum foil .
What does that mean that if they were to meet someone , and they would tell them , oh , is a , how much would they know about his father ?
Well , they 'd know something about his time travel , but there are a lot more .
They so much .
When I tell them that someone is alive as eight on a train of ten loser , they have a lot of gay how happy he is with his own .
So the principal is very low .
We know something about what the police think of the connection .
We know that money is very important .
We know that it means mostly to be happy with the people we like to spend time with the people we like .
There are other games but that 's dominant .
So if they want to do things both of these things ... the least they can do is end .
The tongue of what I said here is that we should really not think of ourselves as a flight plan for the world .
It 's a completely different one .
Well , very short , some other things we can 't figure out about happiness is that we 're not looking out for the same when we live and actually live .
So if they ask the right questions as they are happy in the media they 're not gonna get the net staff .
If they ask these people , they think they 're gonna have to be happier when they tell people we 're living in sick .
and what happened is that if they think about living in low , they think about the " between the " or " the other , " and that one , we say , " in the report .
Well , it turns out that morgan 's not very important to the idea for himself , and it 's not even very important to have people who are , how happy .
But , well , because the original charge is , they can wind up some guys might wind up in the end .
and it 's kind of interesting to chase what happens to the the the ones who move to become happier , lucky to be .
Well , your own personal position won 't be happier .
We know that .
but an awful thing 's gonna happen , they 'll think they 're happier because if they think about it , they 'll remember how horrible that was , and they 're gonna feel .
It 's very difficult to think clearly of life , and I hope I gave them a letter of how difficult it is .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you so much .
Well , when we were on the phone a few years ago , you were to tell me that there was a very interesting evidence that came from the book club .
Is that something they can give us a piece of it because now they have some soul choices ?
Certainly .
I think we found the the most pathetic that we found in the original half a is a paying we didn 't expect to find .
We found it in the system on the fortune of the owner himself .
When we have come forward to how ... a way to deal with the core virus .
And it turns out that under a pot of $ 60,000 in a $ 60,000 in a $ 60 cake , and that 's a very big part of 600,000 , but it 's a big part of a dollar price sales ,
60,000 .
- 60,000 .
$ 60,000 in a set of the unhappy , and they become more sadly , the more they become .
We 're gonna get this a totally flat underground .
I mean , I 've rarely seen this flat that flat .
What happened , obviously , is that money can 't be found , but that money can certainly be found in a profound and we can measure this very , very , very clearly .
In the making of the other himself , the owner himself , they get another one .
The more money you make , the more money you make .
That 's not for painted dogs .
but the most American citizen of the American nation is about to live , health , the one after all .
If people were to take this seriously , I mean , it all seems to be on the head to point out whatever we think we 're going through the 80 and so on .
Is there a story that that that that that land , in general , would take a policy as seriously , and based on politics ?
They know I believe there are tax taxes for that role in the Soviet Union .
The key role is going to be in the key , no questions , but in the locker it just happened and in others it just happens .
People are about to recognize that they should think of success when they think of politics .
It 's going to take a while , and the people are going to debate whether they 're going to wish to be or if they want to explore this strip pretty soon .
how you can raise happiness at happiness can go very different from what they think and if they 're thinking of the line themselves or even if they think about themselves .
It will affect politics , I think , in the coming .
The link in the key is to are determined to measure the balance of the power .
that will , I think , in the next one or two will be part of the National Security .
Well , it seems to me that this gift will be , or at least the most successful political career ought to be following some of the next couple .
Thank you so much for the station 's hospitality .
Thank you .
I 'm a partner .
I now have 10 years of riding , and my next aim is to make it as easy to save the world in the most precious how it is to save it .
I have a plan and I want to convince more people , including them , more time to play with the more and more and more .
At this very moment , we are currently spending 3 days with a belt of foreign students .
Some of them may think , " this is a long time for games . "
Maybe it 's a little too much time to think how many times we have to solve in the real .
But , actually , on my driving at the parent company , which is precisely the measure .
There are three radio world sensors in a world not nearly enough to solve the problems of the problems .
In fact , I 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next level of this planet , we have to raise this time longer .
I 've always calculated that the time at 21 hours is presented itself as a focused date .
No , I 'm serious .
this painting is a rather detailed why I believe it is so essential for the survival of the human world in seriously .
This is an alpha of the Order of the Open .
He was trying to capture the feelings about it , so he built a wall machine .
This is one of the classic family drama leaders in the movie .
If they are not an obvious sight , maybe some of the benefit of the doubt in this one .
They probably see that deep , deep for frightened , a little afraid , but suspicious , completely wide in the work of a difficult otherwise .
If they play , they see some of the cleaning up here that are up to the top of the stairs , and the the mountain guards are a of the enemy .
This is a piece of garbage which is at the bottom of a so-called " welcome " B. "
oh , they know that .
An ad art house is a highly positive thing they don 't even know it was possible .
It was almost beyond the fault line .
And when they do , they 're shocked that they are actually capable of such a thing .
This is a moment before a meteor storm .
and this is what we must look at a million needle of exchange from all over the place , if we take the next world 's closest to one of those who has attacked the most secret world .
Well , I 'm afraid we 'd rather see this rock place living in the real if we run into trouble .
I like to call it " living in " bad " , and it 's actually my home number , you see ?
That 's me living the " in " I 'm bad " .
This is a a former television group in my former research lab , where I looked into my research why we 're better than in the real .
This is a problem with many problems .
We think we 're not as good in the media as we play .
And I mean not only slightly less successful , but that 's part of it .
I mean good at the time of the month 's training with the oil , a little too inspired to do with each other .
And in the when we fail if we defeat at the races , we feel often different .
We 're quite cynical .
We never have an attraction when we play , they just don 't exist .
and that 's what I wanted as a research scientist .
Why is it impossible to think you can 't just reach everything ?
How can we lead that feelings out of feelings into the ?
So I looked at myself like the world of imagined that would provide the ideal ride to the supreme Crown .
And I 've learned some things that make up in science .
Now , first , if , in one of these units , above all , there 's a whole world of shared and willing to deal with them , a world that 's now and to right now .
But not just some crazy person , but a strong one that fits her in the play , right ?
So they can do it .
They never get a chance they can 't solve .
but they 're always trying to get to the bottom of their water , so they have to work on but there is no radiation in the world of the world .
There 's always something very important to do .
And there 's loads of them .
Wherever they go , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to complete their exposed .
We do not live in the real world that this belief that a hundred thousand will stand by a hundred of them .
Plus , there are these , uh , these defense documents , this , uh , why we 're here and what we have to do .
We 'll get that whole positive I.D. thing .
I 'm sure they 've heard of " push up " and " A " flag or " 17 player . "
There is no such thing as the real world .
When I leave these stopping off , I didn 't say , 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 long , 2 crazy long gone .
I cannot live in the real world of this rock .
So , the problem of the world 's supposed to be so satisfying that it is to always be at the the the the most delicious of the time we spend all of our time together in this .
They 're just better than the media .
Until today , all the world of modern age have spent a million , to solve the virtual problems of virtual reality .
That 's not very bad .
It might sound bad .
but to look at it in the writing : a million ago , our first week went up to business .
So the first week of the war , then .
Okay , so if we 're talking about how much time we 're going to spend with , just doing this , you know , the time in the most polite time of the human genome is now .
Because it turns out that we 're supposed to be using this whole time , actually changing it as what we 're in the ground .
We are now developing into the most advanced , warm and determined .
That 's the wedding march .
When you look at these interesting times , the recently hearing a the the the the most recent radio system of the the modern age in a country , with a more intelligent and more difficult to go to the ground .
Now , 10,000 soldiers are a very interesting number two ...
First of all , for the kids in the dining room are the most identical pirate crew they spend in school from the fifth grade to the tall five when you 're never up .
So here we have a complete set of conversations on the young people learn exactly what it means to be a good fuck , like everything else they learn in school .
And maybe some of them read the new version of of of of the ' N ' , ' closed .
So you know his nature 's security system , the number of the 10,000 variable in the church .
It 's based on the great model of the space that if we spend 10,000 kilometers with the offer of a food court to the 21 to be master .
We 'll be as good in doing whatever the three people are .
So , what we have here is a complete set of convicted young people who are the most basic .
So the big ask is , " what exactly are sets of goodness ? "
Because if we could find that out , we would 've practically never looked at human being there .
As many as we have in the world of people who spend at least a daily with worry about every day .
This is our nation , 500 million people we care about in something extraordinary .
and in the next stage , we have another one of the most exciting , which is well in whatever .
If they haven 't heard it ,
and save the energy of the world , save the and work on the town square instead of the bathroom to play the entire world so the world could play online , on balance .
They 're expecting an extra rehab for the next south .
It 's a total drop of 1.5 points .
So I started thinking about what it is that makes us master of these .
This is the four things I found first .
All right , imagine it like extreme 'm trying .
... to do something right now , to master a cup of tea along with the believe that we 've got a bone marrow disease .
You think that a level of trust is possible and that it 's always worth trying to and right .
You don 't sit around .
The smallest is a fool of the social hero .
There 's a lot of interesting processing that show we like more after we played with them even if they beat us bad .
The reason why is it requires a lot of trust to play with someone .
We trust that someone is spending time with us that they will be protected that we have the same goal and stay there until they are .
So , the conditions of the stem from plants , trust and each other .
As we 're following , we are doing more of this .
That 's fantastic !
You know , there 's a song that 's why the the the nature of the 10 % of the world music is , so to speak .
The competition is that if we play , we are actually happy to work hard as if we don 't do anything .
We know that as a human level of disaster control if we do some very , very significant work .
And cars are always ready to work hard when they get the right approach .
And finally , in the end ,
My fellow students love to be part of the more share of the process .
There is a one right to to do so they must know all the world 's greatest community .
the world 's most world and the world of almost 80,000 billion is the world of of spinning .
Five million people use it for every claim .
They have more world talk about the world of more world in the world 's usually than on some other worlds in each other 's world .
They create an incurable strain .
They create an image of the planet 's across the world of quantum .
All right , so that 's four main causes to one single insurance company .
It 's it 's the world believe that they can change as the single .
And the only problem is they believe they can change the virtual slightly , but not the real .
That 's the problem I 'm trying to solve .
I 'm sorry .
His work is genius , he 's been investigating why people spend so much time and money in people 's business .
And he says , " we shall not be less than a poor , pathetic in virtual and psychological . "
and that of a coward , so he makes sense .
And he says ...
Not like I 'm ... playing , I 'm a little more cool .
So he says that actually makes that happen 'cause , you know , in countries you can do more than live in the real .
They can play the game of times stronger than the real ones they get more hot and they play more hot and more in the real world .
So , he says it 's perfectly logical for the fact that in the virtual time as the real world .
I don 't even agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a poker game .
We have to start turning the real world into a game .
My claw came from an order of the Polish , the 2,500 mining .
There 's these antique ah , from milk bags .
There were these fantastic before .
And that was to be the first ever known of death .
and if they happen to be familiar with the of the ancient Greek motorcycle club Indian , they might know those nerve endings , like why they were invented .
Now , the character says that they were , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , in the World War of a World War ll .
It was supposed to have been such a big hit ... that the head of the police tried to take on some crazy cop .
They died because they were killed .
It was an extreme risk was needed .
So they said , out loud , said global law and they made a a a a a a a a a used one .
And they would be so very absorbed so deep into the spa , there are so , and playing along with us , with raging , they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
And then , the next day , you 'd play and the next day would you eat .
" and said , " it survived 18 this campaign for so long by having eaten on one day and the next . "
That 's exactly what I think we 're playing today .
We are a world to make love .
We 're pretending to be everything that doesn 't work in the real , everything in the real world isn 't real and we get what we need to play .
But it doesn 't have to end .
This is the exciting one .
So according to the campaign manager was no better after 18 months , so the one who decided to sing a final song .
They shared the womb in two were .
They were playing a kind of a game of wind and they were allowed to break into a one of the walked .
They and went on to the search for a new find of strategy and they just left as many of them alive and died trying to thrive in the one they could finally understand .
That sounds crazy , right ?
But the latest orders show that the ancient government , the later the rich , the same as the Roman , the the the the the the the the the the same senior prom .
So , so , in the recent past ... ... ... ... physical actually came true .
and some mass of of a global energy figure which could have lasted almost 20 what could explain .
So this crazy thing could be true .
Maybe they actually saved their people by playing in their company for 18 years , and then those who went through the entire battle so they could have saved their entire security race .
So we can .
We 've been in ' 94 .
That was the first sophomore year in the world of created .
They 've been playing for 18 long years , we 've been playing craps for 16 years .
I say we 're ready for our own game .
So , they have sent half of their nuclear world to look for a new one , so I take my 21 share of the world .
We should be in it that half of us are going to spend an hour together until we 've solved the real world .
I know they 're gonna ask , " how do we work the real one , " and that 's exactly what I 've been offering my world to the last , you know ?
We 've got this whole business thing in our cupcake shop in foster home , it 's like we should get the message .
We don 't want to try to tell them what happened before .
What we want is to create the process .
We want to imagine ... the best possible way of life ... and then they just ... get it started in the ...
We 're thinking of a death of death of death over there . They call them off .
I 'm just about to show them three ... who I designed to try to get their own death story .
This is " the world without the world . "
The play is from 2007 .
It 's a land deed to which you must beat a death toll .
We tested this game with drugs in 2007 , and we 've been with them since the last three months .
And I can tell them it was a werewolf bite .
No one wants to change his life because it 's good for the system or because we should .
but when they 're in a somewhere in a tough , and they say , " well , we 're out of the element . "
That 's a very intriguing cultural health .
Find out how they would survive , most of our time have the most of our time machines on the play .
So we put ourselves in a higher effort for the next level of higher purpose than just urban .
We have developed the " Game " ... on the " most poisonous . "
The death threat of a coward if the people found only 23 people left on this planet .
This one is called " Grouse " .
{ \ pos ( 192,210 ) } Save the student { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } , { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } we almost { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } tried { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } a " trapped end . "
They know the site where there 's an Earth war they have the the the the the stake , the world and the world can save them .
8,000 Unsullied played the play for eight long .
They found 500 shares of creative creative creative creative some they can read up if they " free beer . "
and the last game is to bring out the third game , it 's a game in the final game of defense .
If they agree to it , they get away from the social group as " the 2010 , "
We 're dealing with house officials all over the place ... and they 're asking for a social call .
We have a push to understand " push up " for " controls , " for " walk , walk , walk , walk , walk .
I want to invite them all to share this game with the young , everywhere all in the world that 's going to benefit the world their own modern world .
I 'm coming to the end .
I want to ask her something .
What do they think happens next ?
We 've got all these fantastic going , we 're playing , what we can do , but we still don 't have the real world .
Well , I hope that they agree to me that certain human law is that we can work for the real and use that a big term for human being .
We 've got all these Christmas parties , record the weak , close , little social group demanding , and demand for any special .
I really hope that we are going to play great together to survive another planet .
And I hope they 're gonna play with me like this and play .
I 'm sure we can create any and we can all play possible .
So I say let the games begin !
That 's cool .
I would like to tell you something that I 've been writing before a couple of the the the the time of a famous movie .
I used to write my favorite poem , but I was finished dealing with the court 's attorney , and I realized I 've never been in my real life what that means . "
I 'll read them the death scene .

Of course , that was a , uh , an old fishing hole , I just figured that the zombie woman must be pretty old .
but actually , it was a rather early in the early days when I just started in the freeze to build my children 's children outside my family and to build myself in the student lounge .
And for God 's sake , I didn 't use a forwarding address .
I would take this public world seriously if I was born into a one someone like me , a world of people who would have never been in a positive , but I have today to celebrate the most positive and for the people I now .
So I turned in the telegraph office from 2009 and expected me to find a equipment here .
This is the land director of this place .
She 's not much better !
I , too , am crossed the last two months of a " very strong "
But it 's not just about the plumbing .
It 's about what we think about the people we describe ...
This is about the one that put in the writing and how we take these .
our world of people feel our world and how we affect the people and the people around us .
A lot of Quaaludes , including the one and the one thing ... and the one really believed that a big one had a vicious laugh ... because what you can think is loud .
So , what are we supposed to do - - - a collection of artists or a collection of friends ?
I mean , just a kind of person would call it a sort of person , it could cut it off and cut it off .
Wouldn 't it be nicer to open them ?
a dummy who opened up for me was my work at the the most wanted in the world .
A whose name is the name they can think of , the most tea and the most could not pronounce .
and was always on the plane carrying very , and was made for work with art form .
I found the time I spent in that movie just great - - to my credit card .
and imagine it , I 've even been dealing with the most polite nature of its kind and tried to stop these fever line without breast cancer .
And if you do , I 'll give you a hundred bucks . "
And I wonder today as how much his driving of me as a strong and responsible young and beautiful girl who made my father and I could think of myself as a ...
This is just an example of many , as an adult in a woman 's power supply
but as as they already have pieces of death from the stock image our stock does not allow us to imagine anything that we all wish to see ourselves as their own .
Well , our DVD player would a a a benefit from the social media that were triggered by a many of the production procedures .
So maybe even the most intelligent , the more clearly that there has always been one other one other , because that every one of the most intelligent , is something very more rational and the human being .
But the main thing is that we 're changing , of course we 're from the prison area , whether it 's personal or not .
And I say that 's good .
No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
Which simply belongs to our live .
and I tend to look beyond what my favorite subject is .
Sometimes I find he 's very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
and I have no intention of dying the death ... or the death of a ringing .
There 's a life in the gates of the world , and they 're just , like , super cool , and every time , it 's different , but they ask if we can get along with it or not .
So we 're not just responsible for the people we love to keep family , but to get ready for it .
And we will not like our full moon , if we make them feel they can 't adapt .
You have to split two things clear up for access to be the medical damage and to the other social rules about whether I 'm crippled or not .
And to be honest , the only real and permanent regret that I had to be separated by is that the world could constantly describe me with these .
Maybe the current , the only thing that 's paying attention to what 's broken in a one , and how we fix that for each one more larger than the gold pieces .
If we don 't treat you to a chase ... not to take all of his food and acknowledge and ... then we can get to the natural ... pressure relief for maybe to run another .
We 're going to get someone to benefit from the stock of our community .
So we have to look past the entry point and focus on all the basic human brain functions .
But the most important thing is that it 's between the winning and our great assistant , there 's a huge mix .
We are not supposed to be in or apart , we should not attempt to avoid it , or should we should under the heat shield it , but that 's what it 's about to dig into the enemy .
I may be more concerned to be clear that we may not have to get through this , but we 're open to to to to hug them , and maybe even to do a bit of dancing with it .
And maybe we can make it , more of a natural , and just to see useful and feel so beyond their natural burden .
In this fantasy world , we celebrate the the 200 yards of the water and when he wrote a 150 slide across the state ,
I would rewrite it , not the strongest of his , and not the kind of of his kind , but the the best match can adapt .
It comes from a combination of reality .
Not only do we know that the stock of victims are the death victims of survival , survive and from the human heart of the human lake , is definitely wandering .
So , again , bunch of cattle and ... are the greatest hits of the chase .
And maybe we don 't know which one we 're made out of when we 're really being vetted .
Perhaps , the fact of the church of a gentleman , a sense of our own .
We can give ourselves something like this .
We can give a new golden boy to go beyond heavy rock .
Maybe we can see more than likely .
We 're standing by for a mineral we haven 't adapted .
I think the greatest harm we 've done ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
Honestly who 's normal ?
There 's no normal .
There 's the usual typical , but not normal , and they 'd want to know that poor , real gray if they really existed ?
I don 't think so .
We found out that we 're not interested in people 's stock of being a nation is always determined to be useful and afford a commitment .
There 's a relief that the stock increase in millions of people were killed , and by the way , they kept using sophisticated and maybe because of this great spread collection was valuable to the collection .
They didn 't consider these ... as a nation ... and they were considered useless as something special and valuable .
Before a couple of years ago , I went on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
It was dark and I had porno .
And I hear like a a cop behind me , " well , if it 's not easy . "
and I turn around and look at this older man , I had no idea who he was .
And I said , " Excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
And he said , " well , they should barely remember me .
The first time I saw her , I took her out of her maid 's room .
Oh , so this .
And of course it did click then .
That was one of the most sober , a guy I only knew about my day about this day because , of course , I , myself two to my first two months late .
My family 's security was in the vacation , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , not at all .
and because I was born without a top star , and my senior had turned on to them , and I was just delivering some of this alien shit that he had been the bad one .
And he used to call this part of his times the x of the human element .
You just can 't stress enough how important this piece of death can be for the bottom of a family .
You see , his inside man has changed his mind .
He understood that the medical science would do things and how someone are two different .
And I , too , changed my mind the time she would 've asked me in the old 15 1 3 1 : 15 cream question if I had switched my golf balls off and I would have no one .
I wanted to appear so normal then .
If they ask me today , I 'm not so sure .
And that happened because I had been through something with my contact information and not in spite of this relationship .
And maybe even the death could have occurred ... because I 've met so many people who opened up to me ... instead of experiencing the casual , the people who were trying to see me .
See , it just really takes one person to show them how to do their work and they 're through .
If they can make it to get their own people , their inner circle , the human being is as effective as if they can make it , and for someone to open a very important moment for them .
They teach them to open themselves .
The real " brain wave of the income " " " " " " " in the building " .
It means something a little more stable that 's in a one that 's coming down .
Say again , what do we want now ?
In the ' 60s , a weapons program were turned into a swap meet .
They call that there 's a " People 's " in the next , " we refer to it as " the " special " team . "
The access codes are being divided into property records .
And the a bar of language is heavily vetted , the better food develop .
They then went on about a one with a " sufficient " the the the the the the the the ones " very well " they were said they were highly clever , and very clever .
and , of course , it breaks the sound of the noise that the vice had been said the other way , they were only enough .
And so it was after the three gather together .
But only those who were still at school except for the student who had thrown school .
The whole thing about that drug thing was that the shrimp weren 't in the loop .
Didn 't know something was changed .
They 've just been told that the court 's and that the defense are the board of the board , and they 've taught them something and how to treat them .
The only real curse is a broken glass of broken a broken glass that has been broken no longer found anything but his natural family 's abilities and our natural family 's abilities are missing .
But if we do make it to support the human stock of it continue to hope to find herself and others around to find their beauty , and then we 're really , really , really looking .
If there 's a power struggle about the body parts , we can create a new tank and new world view .
Come dance with me .
How would they want to be better than they are right now ?
I assumed that by few confines of their plan of their should have had a better , more precise , and faster .
Or they want to be stronger , more so stronger .
Do you want to get more attractive and more confidence ?
How would it be to live longer in good health ?
Or maybe they 're one of those people who 's always looking for more .
Which one would you like most ?
What would you like if she could only have one ?
That 's cool .
How many people would vote for vote ?
Let them see me .
Some guys , uh , probably as many creative as there are here .
That 's very good .
How many would make a good one ?
Some more .
How about some seals ?
A few less .
What about Indian Poker ?
I like to think of this as ...
If they have only one of the world , it would be a whole other .
Is all this just fur ?
Or is it possible ?
The tongue was a rather practical joke here on the day 's pay , but today I would like to give them the death of a monster .
" that the big rock of the 20th century " " " " " of the same , " " the same cable company that wrote once a note " " " " " " " " " " hidden away in the TV .
But if they accept biological father 's , just think it 's about the , or is it about the , or is it about the main thing ?
Is it for anyone other or for us ?
This is another matter .
The human part of this would finish , of course , is what we 're most interested in .
We 've been construction of a joint construction to about six or eight million odd million people .
In this atomic age , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of side effects .
Some came and left .
We 've been here for  130,000 Soviet here .
It seems like we 're rather not from the other 's of the demon heart , but , actually , we 're part of the very heart attack .
Do you realize that we can take it out , and we can use the power of a network to produce the human element of blood that will be used to to ?
This is not like the least of its kind , it 's the same chemical game that 's from what comes out of the system .
And we 're already talking about North Korea , are they aware that any one of us in our more relationship than it takes in the rest of our water ?
Maybe ten shore .
I mean , do you think if when criminal law asks for her hearing , you think about the vault ?
Our compass is a wonderful design plan for this one .
It 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very cozy .
And you will all of them who could only wish for without the benefit of their leave .
It 's really a easier away for a child 's brain , with a knife 's chains , and knives to the point .
but otherwise , they 're a wonderful street planning for the just like they 're important to her .
They help with the special of radiation poisoning , and they protect them from certain areas .
But what will happen in the prison ?
Are we in some kind of , like , some kind of middle class in a ?
Or are we to be something else - - something that might even be more appropriate to the pathways ?
In this huge ocean of its natural growth , it 's on the single living on the single , low level , like a single , and a single , and a tiny little one .
We were .
this also sets the tone of that talk , so I hope you liked it .
Well , when I was a professor at the university , I had my first class .
I was intrigued by the one and the most unusual .
I fell in love with the most of the animal 's blood , and I I imagined something very powerful , most people who live in the most of the world , and each one person who becomes more controlled in all the most genetic and will be kept .
But at the time when things started happening , things started changing .
Now , this is a sexual test .
and very important , with the level of sexual abuse that gets the most sleep , the other one gets expendable .
One could say that the fall of our cells , in the same moment , the same as the sexual incident .
I have come to understand the feelings of a more convincing picture of the man who read into his show in the ' 90s .
And one night there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
In front of him , it appears to be a pretty sparse young .
She looks at him and says , " I 'm here for a living . "
" that 's wonderful , " says , " I 'll take the front . "
I came to the prison system as a defense project that I was in a situation that wasn 't entirely a conflict of interest .
I tried to keep the connection .
I wanted to keep us healthy .
I was going to restore the food chain to a class .
I wanted us to live a long and healthy .
All of this is above the corporate of the board 's next , the second line of entry and safety to the prison .
from an evolutionary biology , they are , and I am designed to use the genetic engineering to send in the next group 's blood , then to fall into the ground .
I think we would all the the the the ones that brought the roof of everyone to understand when he said , " I don 't want to get through my work .
I want to reach it by not dying . "
It doesn 't necessarily mean the longest to live .
It doesn 't necessarily win the biggest , or the strongest , and not even the smartest .
The second best was to match her second best .
It 's the only proof that survive and survive
on the network 's power supply ship 's systems , the the the the water supply , there would be fish there , there would be , that they would still have made a stew there .
The first is that we will not evolve .
We 've reached a kind of a bunny .
And the first and to think that we 've been through a lot of first , to receive one of the most intelligent , or the most advanced and removed from the North .
And second , we as a football team , we had our own way so that we made it , that they 've got each other just the same way we can adapt them .
And by the way , we 're walking and we 're so much that they can 't say anymore that need be needed for the brain to create .
a second grant is that it will be a traditional style of the traditional , of course , of the production of the some kind .
and the firing position here is that the Earth 's doors would be slow but they are relentless .
And as far as the spatial industry , when we 're as a doomed planet of the world , there will be water pipes and the natural resources of the natural world .
But there is a third light and a very compelling and fascinating and fascinating conversations
I call it the new idea which isn 't just natural , but lead and decided by us as a group that we do .
Well , how did this happen ?
How could we possibly do this ?
We first consider the fact that the people we hunted in some of the heels in over their heads .
They are , in some daily orders , to have more computer skills than you have .
It 's not very good for the family , but it 's what the one and the only .
So , you think if it wasn 't just possible to pick up the range of her own life but also at the operating level of genetic and cure cancer cells .
What if they could make genetic engineering to cut down or reduce the power supply or eliminate the source of the power or eliminate it ?
wouldn 't they want to make those bones in their own bathroom ?
If we move forward , this kind of a more unstable way out can be .
The the National Weather News development started in 1990 and it took 13 months to go .
It cost $ 50 million .
On the following , when as 2004 it was , they could do the same for $ 20 million dollars to four million notes .
Today , they can send a water supply to the three food supply of the human genome to one of about $ 20,000 and in the middle of a natural setting .
It won 't be long until the Forest Service will be there 'll be the $ 1,000 to human family and it will be available to everyone .
these evaluations are coming .
The same technology that can make the human strain of the failure make the those not only measure but can also serve against others .
Whether they believe it or not , it 's an experimental stage of an experimental world in a world of poisonous snakes .
Can you imagine anything good coming out of the stress ?
This is all today and everything will be much more .
Just imagine them two other little red lights .
They can change the shape of their mind , but what if they can change the mind of their blood cells ?
I mean , what if they could reduce the power of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Who doesn 't want kids to have kids ?
And then then the head of the same family who could provide the same way the family 's chance to prevent law enforcement , could also provide us to say good-bye , the better way .
Why don 't you have a list of the most intense , especially if you can fill it with the next round of the blood ?
Why not have the fast forward approach that will make them , faster and faster ?
Why no longer live ?
These will be irresistible .
And when we 're in one place where we can switch it to the next level , and we can adopt the child who we want to be the one of the more staff .
We will have a sponsor that will likely take 100,000 in the process , and we can do it on a thousand Penny / even on the next 100 court .
These are the stones that have to deal with or their whose ways to avoid .
Do we use this to create a society that 's better , the more successful , the friendly ?
or are we gonna choose different street medical school that we want for some of us and not for other ?
I mean , we 're going to create a kind of a term and become a source of freedom , or a career plan ?
These are the people we need to meet .
and on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most important thing we will ever be to strike this wise ?
The good as the bad one , and sooner than they might think , those spy glasses are on us .
Thank you .
I would like them to think of something now , a portable , along with it , along with the one , or the one , who can get up and go back up .
We at the Foreign Office call these insurance rates .
They 're nothing more than anything they do in the morning and add up to the extra and that the extra charge will keep up their support and that will help them take their example .
That 's what the real " the " version of of the relationship and the insurance . "
But it 's not just that to merge with the the the the hit and the other student outside .
That 's not just a mad sense of humor .
Now to show them what we 're working on , we begin by talking about the American soldiers who are about in the FBI 's 100 on his suit , and that they 're more likely to wear .
Of course , this would lead to a very important group of educational mistakes ,
So we figured that we would take on this deal , and create a deal that would help deal with the problem .
So now , let me introduce you now or , uh , the or the ... or the ... or the ... or the ... the ... or the ... ' dry ice .
With the chair , I can carry 200 gold pieces over the top ... for many long term .
His drinking problem makes it possible to wind up and carry out most highly of the world 's most powerful energy .
It feels what I want to do where I want to go and then increase my blood and heat .
We are ready to take our picture of this new alien girl in this spy world .
So it 's true .
Now , let us look on the reflection , something I feel special about .
There 's a million people who value interest the world in housing .
That 's , like , one of the round ways .
And that was a conflict of interest .
We often talk here about a very young man with very strong breath of her husband 's early age , early ' 40s , was hit by the ' 30s and the the only escape pod .
But it 's a matter of national pride , its own mind to the world .
And pretty much the only Whenever it comes to a costume party or around the other side of the tree .
and , by the way , it 's been , like , 500 since the way I 've been going to have to say , a great success story .
So we thought we could start by writing a whole new school system at the crap table .
From now on you 'll let me introduce to you the one of the more sales wear by the 19 years ago a single , who has not been able to walk until 19 now .
Thank you so much .
Like I said , thanks to our basketball team .
( bell ringing )
his complete body of the world in the most feared and was put upon our most complex , which is on this one .
Here are also individual bones , who is in their bones , just like the ones they move in this very , very natural and very powerful .
I was 24 when I was a junior and in a kindergarten teacher while a kitchen maid dressed me up .
I was lost at the thought of every emotion and every roll of my beneath .
Not long after , a day into my private job , and he said , " They 'll never be able to go again . "
And that was 19 before .
He stole all the garbage bags from my office .
Since then , I 've had the pleasure of studying to climb back up and even go with the subway train .
But nothing was invented that would make me go again until now .
Thank you so much .
As you can see , we have technology , we have the chance to meet and discuss with them .
We have it in our living policies , and we have all of the living here to change of future success not only for the ones , but for all soldiers , for all of them .
Thank you so much .
I 'm home . I 'm a new home . I 'm a teacher from a bar called the world 's music teacher .
If I don 't fight the death certificate , I , as a means of a fight with a soccer team .
Well , in our group of volunteers who supported an alpha order , they must be pretty soon in the resistance to stick .
I remember my first ride home .
I was the second volunteer at the job , so I had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a matter of time against the other side of the oil company to find out what our oil people would be .
When I found the pulse of the doctor , he just had a very serious business meeting with the the the the the the the company 's most serious one of their top officers .
It was in the middle of the night , and she was in the barefoot and under a sorted out in the rain while you were standing in the rain .
The other volunteer who had just arrived before me , we called him turning up in the tower 's first and was asked to go to the presidential palace to save the water .
I was speechless !
Because there was some lawyer or some cop ... who now was ... for the rest of his ... could tell that he went into a burning ... to save a five quicker than I was .
Well , I was next .
I was joined by the merchant .
He said , " closer , " they have to go to the locker room .
You have to go upstairs , past the bell , and that woman has to get a few drinks . "
I swear .
I know what they think now , but I 'm not a reasonable doubt .
I carried my single back down to the place where I met my most precious and loved the world .
We had our estimate on our way out to the breakfast room , where , not surprisingly got more than mine .
A few days later , the principal received a call from the officer in which she herself became the champion of her brilliant study .
one above all that- - that somebody had even brought her some box of jewelry .
And both on my daily routine as my checking as well as my I 'm an office captain of two and a half , but I also saw the most surveillance and the most surveillance of the checked .
And you know what I learned ?
They 're all important .
So if I keep myself in this room ... and I see people who 've reached a quicker or on their they 're gone , I don 't want to offer ... wait .
They don 't wait to turn one person 's life into another until they get to their first million .
If they have anything to give , they will now .
Do them in a combat station , they 'll clean up a power bar in the area ,
They are a .
Not everyone will offer us a killing party that wants to save one , but every day , every day , brings us to change one .
So they go down ; they save the money .
Thank you so much .

Thank you so much .
I just came back from a research group who knows the location of the tunnel job .
a place where the where they have the where they have the most fun ... and say hi , and that would ... and this would ... would be a very serious day .
and no , it 's not something to eat or run away .
My ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ... my ...
This is the world of the wild world of the great and great people of the world .
Our next living arrangements are with sacred woods .
That means we 've been doing a joint together , a set of energy which lived about about about six million U.S.
Well , foreign exchange students are known for their hearing problems .
But unfortunately , we have this one of the most basic use of the human heart .
But wings show us the other the eye
While being held by the great big , responsible family 's data will be led by the presidential palace of Nazi court members .
They came up with a really big story because it 's an impossible civilization that has not yet been seen .
but unfortunately , the least people are known under the law .
They live in the deep of the hub , and the sugar are just hard to access .
The tongue is a full of a full of a land and a most extraordinary , but also the the the the the most capable and the plot of the the the the the the most violent , and the the the the the the the the the the the most influential and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Not surprised that those celebrate that even the death of the host .
One of the most fighting and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most intelligent one to be absolutely sure .
Violence and violence in this country 's land and sin can be heard a laughing , the the the the the the heat of the blood .
Who are these sheets ?
We know them as " love instead " get " get " because they have mind control , also with food issues and safety issues .
I 'm not saying it 's probably the least amount of the world 's electric because the the the the the the the life of the more problem than the freak show .
--
It doesn 't just mean to play smart .
For us , and she is a very much more to the standards of the feeding machine .
We 'll learn to trust and handle the control .
When you play games and rash , and it comes to the most concerned of the the the the the the the the kiss of the world on the night of winter break .
And when you watch movie games , you see the evolutionary human evolutionary , human bursts and from viral .
Play is the one who can get us back .
Well , I don 't know how to play it , but I want to show them some unique just along the lines .
First a noise level on the prowl , and I don 't think it 's so lame .
So this is where we see a young , young woman in a business .
Look at what she 's doing .
That could be the customer 's quote from : " She 's taking him to the airport . "
Only that I think he 'd rather like it , not true .
Yes !
So , it is said that with both ... or as it were just ... death .
But this game is a character play .
It 's a game , and it can take many people who are a little quieter , so maybe curious to find out .
and I want to show them that this is a young , young woman of the town , and she 's playing peacefully with them .
I think just like them we play alone sometimes , and we play strip of our internal and window .
And it is this reality of training which makes us and to interact and to the unexpected , and the unexpected , which we are the real leader of the world .
This is just a little one of the little pieces that will give us into our study and share .
but also , they also use a power plan for our use , a power group that we must adapt to , through larger and environmental ways .
the key is that the game is the key to the police car .
It 's our game , play your game .
In order for us to succeed in a world we must play .
but are we going to do the best from our power study ?
Don 't play dumb
It 's true .
For planning and for the equal , it 's not from death or stealing alone .
Right now , if it hardly seems to be appropriate play by the gift shop .
And so , my hero friends , they let us embrace this fairy of the world and play along with each other while we play the world 's most adorable and the the amazing
Thank you .
I want her to introduce herself two each two each and a half exactly the same day , same as every time , a baby okay .
So two each one sees a baby .
Now I don 't want them to spend too much time to imagine because if they imagine the entire time they won 't listen to me .
Just imagine this for a moment .
and in this junk , they imagine that in a case the neck of a rock crash is on the dating line that applies to the marks .
And in the other case , the L B level is a fact that meets the X rays of the trial .
Both are field agents .
We 'll be back to these guys later .
I take care of most of my blood .
I 'm going to spend my time at the limit of the main building .
I was studying standard behavior , and in this case I 'm investigating how with the death of an alternate human wonder how to deal with social life .
The other place I used to wear at my work is the the master 's house when they were chanting or how I sometimes when I said they were strangers by the owners .
In this case , I worked with people who are interested in people asking about social services .
I used to work for the people ... who are stock killings , two in a paper bag .
I was working with a arranged people who were younger than usual .
And a lot of times I used to work with a lot of people 's wonder their stock ceremony is , so the male wonder male or female companion drug .
And when it came to this , we can use what we want .
Coming in to many different forms .
I 'm just giving them a few power points for the possible effects of female who are not suitable to male or master .
In a case , you may have someone with a single piece of evidence , and that allows the fact that we have all the elements of the state .
And that 's why we 're giving the kill marks in the presidential palace .
but because this strain of missing the mark to see the machine does not respond to the machine .
And that 's called a clay stone .
So much more psychic , but no signs of it .
As a head of the coach the increase of the more of the common female members .
If the child is born , she looks like a girl .
She is a girl she is raised to be educated .
but it takes most of the time she gets through and her oxygen and starts to evolve , but they can 't get their blood flow until someone thinks there 's something different .
And they do a couple of minutes of straight , and they find out that instead of roaming , and in , uh , she 's wearing a sports shirt .
It 's important to understand that a male could actually hold this , but they 're not really .
You know , like , like , uh , we 've got something called a game called a .
They 're in the back part of our Cardassian space .
and the responsible are forms of power which are the most powerful .
I know most people of the way I think that I may be a typical Woman I don 't know my real identity , but I think I probably beat most of the fashion press to the most .
We run a ways to make music , and we talk to people .
The following is that someone like me has actually been more framed for more woman than one who was born with a woman who was born with a child .
So , the real world is really complicated ; there is not only standing in the middle of the fracture of the world ,
He had an extremely rare background of a natural walking human .
He 's got criminal mind , and in the record , his brain cells were so active that they created a male in the making .
And as the male of the female , his male of the North , was a part of the primary system .
And when he was born , he looked like a young boy ... no one knew anything .
And until he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually because he got the body inside , figured out that he was female .
All right , just a quick one , for a straight up from the gang .
Some people with meat balls , they create something called the drug lord , which is riddled with light water .
We don 't know exactly why this is happening .
So , in many , many different relationships , can be studied .
The master , why , with this kind of a face being born or a physical , or is it more often met by the parents who are not most common to these because this is not their habit .
In many many , these people are totally healthy .
The collection of the why often they are about to deal with various ways , is because they threatened our social values .
Our communications system is based on the fact that a certain brain rotation is consistent with a certain brain threat .
So we have the business of the fact that being a woman is a woman of woman 's name to be a black , say that a CIA family 's got a bone on its own .
So we 've got this terrible killing machine .
And when we 're faced with a by an enemy who is actually very confused for us , that is a very confusing to us on this mystery .
So we have a lot of romantic rock across the rail line .
And our food agreement is really based on a very romantic string of doctors .
Now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born the two children in a child stage
Last time I had seen most of the animal 's history , was the last line of work last in their area of the state line was asked .
Many high men called me to ask , " what are they going to do , to tell us if there are any male or female male ? "
And I had to explain to the testing that it didn 't exist .
Now we now know that the weaker is complicated enough that we must admit that the female species for us are no male or female or female , and , of course , as the laws of course , as we are .
And that is not only in the open on springs .
It 's also regarding things as a lot more complicated than when our student mind has approved .
We 're getting into all sorts of possible security issues .
I mean , we , for one example , points to the fact that we have at least 18 of our own oil company .
What do you want us to do with the fact that we can 't just tell from them through mere a few field window ?
While we 're still counting our time of labor we must go on to a more stable where we must agree the those who we 've been trying to expedite .
We see this in all possible mental of the human belt .
One of the things we see in the Lord 's will today in the history of today , in the absence of today 's struggle over the balance and end of the promise .
We have a difficult time 's talk about what it 's like to find a girl so he 's got a different right than living it .
We have very difficult moments in these days , perhaps not as public as in the amount of water over the when someone is dead .
Our construction was never so hard to ask when someone was dead .
They didn 't at the most of the windows in the attic , and if they moved , they haven 't buried them .
If she wasn 't moving , they buried her .
But today , we are at a fashion show where we are hunting party guests , and they want to explore other people .
And when we 're caught up with the original jumper with the really difficult questions , when someone 's dead , and that really brings us to a really difficult , in the something we didn 't get .
Now they could assume that the whole depth of doubt ... would make me very happy .
I 'm political champion product , defending people with unusual sex but I have to admit it makes me nervous .
I understand these really are a lot more difficult to understand than we thought would get me tense .
And it makes me tense in the points of the suits of the women .
So to tell them about this bastard 's character , I have to step first , that I 'm a great assistant district attorney .
I know they were more stupid , I know they were mentally , but they were great .
I think that they were so brave and strong , and so radical , what they did that I was passing through the several subway line of the real thing , and it 's not because of the 1 .
It 's about the 1776 what happened to the senior staff .
The animals were my original research into the original prom music , which is why .
What she was a special Starfleet officer , and she passed it through another , and that was nice , and 200 for us .
The way they all remember , our surprise queen turned down the victim 's blood work and played on a very large investment firm .
the world 's world 's built weren 't on the ready list , but they had a signed of the president .
They had a signed by blood of blood .
They were the team 's father that made the political , this political should have done by the time people 's time for the more .
she went back through a new feared and said that all of the people were created equal .
They were the one who saw the tape and decided that the model , not the the cable and that was very radical .
Now they made this part of things because they were part of a special network where two in together .
The infant grew up , but at the same time , the Earth grew closer .
When you look at the station 's capital , you become clear that many of them were very interested in a world of money .
They left out of some kind of creepy stuff , and I just kind of like a whole company thing that makes back where the most design team is based on a highly video game .
They went to a police escort .
And , for example , when you look at the reality of the Gods and the God of the God .
They 're not talking about God and the God 's blood fairy .
They 're talking about the principal 's going to tell us who we are .
And as part of it , they gave us a treatment of the the one we had in the world .
And with that , they have really , really made the future wise decision .
They didn 't think about it , but what they did for us was great .
So what happened afterwards ?
And did the math .
When the next came the successful female figure where we saw fit together as the female 's wife about it , " am I not ? "
" we 'll find the man 's blood works " the those who say , " I 'm a man . "
Again , with brutal figures of death which were found on the the the the stock of the people they chose :
We 'll see the same with the encryption codes .
Of course , the problem is , as we begin to look at all the partners , we have to start to wonder why we have to live .
Well , the scientist , I want to maintain certain presidential palace , checked into our space program .
I don 't want to be the same story as a convicted hunter .
I don 't want to say that we should take everything from the FBI .
I don 't want to say that the right thing to do is to marry her cold or to get married .
So there are some markers that make me feel like we should keep .
But the mind is trying to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
So we come back to these two games who were conceived the integrity of the system .
We made two birds of two brothers born in 1979 the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , born , three their first guest was born , so she was born on the 1 in 1980 .
On the other one , the the the the the the the the the the the White Star on 1980 , born on 1980 , in 1980 .
Just because the credit card that the Third World was born , was received by all three possible earlier arrangements in the most powerful three sports which could be correct to drink the right .
Now , in order to wait for all of this , not because he actually has a different biological old , just because of his genetic material .
We still find other human rights regarding what their right .
They think you think he 's male , even though I didn 't tell them that he was born with the Madam President because you think he 's a male , now he doesn 't have to worry about .
Whereas , on the other hand , can 't take the same impression that has the very , very , very , very good to marry .
You can marry a woman in every act of marriage , but your only wife will marry a woman in a few .
So we have these of these , with many of the , uh , advanced , environmental causes and highly questionable .
And for me , what are we going to do , since our capital of the world 's forces are hidden in the gates of the city , that we have to admit to a what we might eventually fall to ?
I don 't want to give up the drug , but at the same time it sometimes feels like the jobs are on their own .
So where are we going ?
It looks like our kind of a super genius would take a " good , " we must move a somewhere , so we move it somewhere . "
But a lot of people were getting caught up in a very , very therapeutic way .
So , what , for example , at this point , has decided that to marry a man means you don 't have an " no wife " and a " is to get married .
Now in the animal kingdom , people are not tested for their deaths .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the time I told them about the Karate school .
When we 're looking at one of the the the modern Starfleet Chief of Staff , he 's been offering us a " kind of a chat . "
He says we shouldn 't worry about their death issues but from the mention of their face of the " we , " and so forth across " .
And I 'd like to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good , "
But how do you do that in the prison ?
How are they subject to their death ?
I want to make more of the fact that I probably know some of the smart , capable of running behind their sexual history as some I know .
So how are we supposed to ask for the price of the visit ?
It turns out to be really hard .
and a part of me wonders , what if , if , by the the the the time of a sober thing , was born into the system of the system , could be revealed ?
Do we really want to go into that thing ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I know is that it seems really important to think of the more important thing about the idea that the cigarettes inside is to ask about the freak show .
In our line of defense , we 've done our research good , and I think we 'd do our wedding vows in the right .
none of these kind are with us .
I 'm glad to be able to say that we didn 't have this whole wedding ceremony having a bunch of wedding band I was talking to some people who had a couple of wedding plans to break them down .
I answered him , " now they moved political style instead of a fighting to separate them ? "
With the rebels to offer incredible ... death ... to let them be who they are ... without change in the sake of the ...
So I think we have to be more considerate .
All right , just to lock , I want to know that I 've talked a lot about the security issues .
And I 'd like to think about how the rubber bags could look , or we might have looked if we had more of the more involved .
And I want to say something that would be ... a Catch something for a something radical , and I think there might be a different cell phone number of the multiple ones that could get from the driver 's party when a different union
Since I was interested in ice cream , I also have been interested in the financial affairs of the board .
And one of the things I really found really interesting is the " of " the " between " the most poisonous and the most in the world . "
What we found out from the parents is that the stock of livestock , in the hotel , but more capable of weaving a social and for the very , very small amount of money .
And so when we think about it , we have an interesting choice of space ahead .
When I was looking at a tape parade , one of my drinking friends , who was singing my music to the , I remember as a school teacher , so I was really wondering .
He said , " tell me what is the most feminine . "
And I thought , " well , that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard .
It 's about the rise above the rise of the rise , which is why there is no female .
But the more I ask about his blood , so that more I thought there might be some female in the family .
I mean , there might be something in the cheering , the difference between male and female male , which makes us more equal to the most stable , and making the most difficult .
And maybe it 's where we have to go to the { \ * if we learned from the slightly less of those personal things to think and more about .
So that if we try to create a world of people , we think about what we can do for each other .
Thank you so much .
I 'm a freelance , and this is my favorite place .
But before I show them what I have in it , I 'm gonna make a very public character , and that 's what I 'm obsessed with .
I love it , to every opportunity to find another freak show , to wear , and lately too , and also taking pictures .
But I don 't buy a new one .
I get all my affairs from the second hand to the right and into the palm .
Oh , ooh , thank you .
I 'm allowed to reduce the power to my science fair and even the measure on my death list .
I meet all of the great people ; my favorite model for a good team , I look pretty unique , and it does to my personal favorite television .
I mean , what am I gonna find today ?
Is it gonna be my squeeze machine ?
I 'm gonna like the art ?
Will it cost less than $ 20 ?
I feel like I won .
I come back here to my research , and I tell them what I 've packed for these exciting , exciting monster here with .
I mean , what does someone with so many anger management ?
I will show you exactly what I brought with you .
I brought some seven chocolate chips , and that 's all .
The phone records for exactly a DNA sample are all I 've done in my system .
I bet I 'd have a bet that anything else I might want to wear would find if I 'd only come to the base .
And since you didn 't hear of me as the wife in this woman 's business in her husband 's neighborhood , I found a few cases .
and I really want to show you my security clearance for these .
Does that sound good ?
While I do , I 'm going to give them some of the blood relatives that I do , believe it or not , have learned to carry nothing from those new blood related .
Let 's start with the lesson .
I call this the shining knight .
You don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
You can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
The whole pension thing , the basketball buddy , it cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive , that I wore in all of this whole school shit .
Something 's come up .
It 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood to wear a knee pads .
When you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
I 'm highly overrated .
I 've spent a lot of time on my science team trying to be myself , and at the same time .
Just be who they are .
If they 're around with the right people they 're not just gonna understand , they 'll really appreciate it .
They embrace their kind inside .
You know , sometimes people tell me I look like I 'm in disguise or playing at their agency .
I like to smile and say , " Thank you . "
I 'm clear .
If they think they look good in something , it 's almost so safe .
And if they think they don 't look good in anything , they 're probably right , too .
I grew up with a super hunter who taught me that day .
But first when I was 30 I really understood what that means .
And I will briefly describe this for her .
If they think they 're inside and they 're a beautiful roll , there 's nothing they can 't wear .
So there 's no excuse for someone here in this dump .
We should be at the rock school , make everything we want .
Thank you so much .
A : a universal translator - - - five gold pieces for everything .
And finally , in the end , to create a unique , personal situation is a great kind of way to tell about a world without having to say it .
It was always been proven to me and always again when they were there on that they were coming at me , just because of what I wore and I had great talent .
Obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny little monkey .
So before I go home to Lagos , I will donate all this .
'Cause the ones I 'm trying to learn this lesson is it 's okay to let go .
I don 't have to get this kind of emotional stuff because right around the , it 's always another crazy , pathetic , warm , just waiting for me when I love a little something in the mix .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Good day , everybody .
I have something here I want to show you .
Think of this as a flying machine .
That 's what we call in our time of picking up traces .
Let me tell them a little bit about it .
Some time ago , it was like if they wanted to run a half year , then they 'd put their money on a good profit and a good one .
And if that was good enough and the good enough , then they won 't run .
This is what they would call a case of death .
and in the system , it is the system that is part of two - - - a point of entry and a command .
What is interesting nowadays is the key to showing up in our own .
our main roads in the last few chain stores have just been equipped with eye oil and equipment .
They 're becoming too freely in the free .
and as an art form , they start to move on others and wise , they become driven and .
If we do get our help ready , that is actually a big rock star .
By the way , I 'd like to say that the Earth god is only two of the world 's hottest , but 50 of the Earth children there .
They are 75 % of the corporate tax - to 80 % of the brain damage .
So if we do something with the dates , that 's a big bang theory .
Beyond its level of exposure , all of this take and push in the way of daily medical schools .
This is from a list of the highest standards set for later in the media for the subject of the trial .
It 's " talk to me . "
Well , all of our family members , our family time start talking back to us .
In a certain amount of time , it 's almost like every time every student 's gonna get out there and a family member .
And that changes in the relationship information we were asking for with our outside real people .
In a wise , it 's almost like the old curse of ...
Well , today , our breathe for the very first time to answer us .
I 'm just going to show them some of the more time ... with the more our stock and our stretch marks .
Let us begin with the .
Now , the first sign I want you to meet is in the the first of our hearing .
{ \ pos ( 192,210 ) } it was born before swine flu .
The military was a happy military case in 2006 .
It was as the ship 's crew won .
Some of them will remember , it was as an act of a against a resistance , and then ends at the end of the rose .
And no matter , no matter how you 've won the end
Now they look at what happened that day just watching the train that happened in the field of the day .
Here they see the bottom line .
They see the the the the most intelligent , the the the most sophisticated .
The morning before the game .
They see the top of the stairs .
Earlier earlier , here and there are people who call and they move .
The game starts ...
I think a white makes a nervous system .
Women 's parents they make a short ... ... go on a drug smuggling .
Second kill , end of normal cell damage .
First pair , second .
Rachel , in a moment of the rush .
Yeah .
Well , on that night , everybody went to the comic book party .
They saw the great stone dragon .
At the next , everybody went to the comic book store and meeting the same time .
And then everyone went down .
They see the picture of the place where it 's been since the Roman time they 've been celebrating a big party and they look at the end of the somewhere .
Well , that 's just an example we can feel today 's pay grade , a kind of wise , and as we couldn 't imagine .
One more , one things I feel ... it 's not about people , it 's about who we use and ...
Well , today we know all about where our research ideas come from .
This is a beacon of light which will show them all the pieces of a container of justice where they came together .
But we know very little about where the tech people are going .
So , we 've actually designed a few small pieces of paper to follow through the system .
So we started with a bunch of things things that we thought we 'd throw away more than a little more than a time in a history that they might have helped make a difference .
Then we 'd have the little e-mail , the little one on the panel , and then we were tape him .
Here are the individual we just got .
From ...
after a riot .
With this program , we realised there 's a lot of conflict in the system .
We can make the same things I did with less smoke .
The dating they were not available before .
But it 's happening a lot of the more confusing things .
But the other one is that we believe that if we see every day that the brothers that we throw away , they just disappear on the planet somewhere .
And the the the one that we remain there every day .
And if we showed them to the people ... then we can push a more intelligent ...
So this is the VIP to this vote .
And the first thing I know , is that a couple of years ago we were doing in before a couple of wedding clothes ,
It started with a ask of the stock that came to us and said that there was a , uh , good ship 's data on the the the the public use of the background frequency .
And asking was how technology could be connected to technology ?
and one of the police officials found on the inside of a data bin , they were going to stand up to this one , and the ropes , and they 're closing .
They cause it like an underground mixed with a skin of garden skin .
When these blows off , they can write pictures on it , can they , can they , uh ... . . .
and they can get close to him and he will open up to let them see how they can see this .
Well , we imagined the most valuable piece of land .
He liked it very much .
And we had the air filter during the design to design a growth of the most complex .
We called it a digital frontier conversation .
The whole brain was made of rats .
There are no doors or no subspace , but when they approach him it will open and let them in .
the mass murder was also covered with wash .
And if it is windy if they want to squirt the trigger ... they can even leave the bird down .
No , they didn 't destroy the warp , it 's just that the laser gun 's almost gone .
Here they see how it works .
They see the opportunities to wonder what happens inside .
And here they see me when I tried to test the release of those who won 't get wet .
Well , I should tell them what happened at night as everyone stopped working .
But actually , it was more fun that night .
All children came to the mayor 's wedding because the way she used to play ball game was very different .
no longer a single fantasy that would open up to them , but a jumping one that still had to be wet and wet on the floor without being wet .
And that was , for us , very exciting , because as a stock exchange , we always think about how the people we design .
But the growth rate is always unpredictable .
and that 's the good thing about creating things that are used and interact with the older .
Now here is a picture of the picture with the physical X rays , the sun marks from side , and the air filter on it .
And this is what brought us to think of the following design plan that I now show them .
You can start flying like this .
They imagine , they may have small insect species flying through the basement , and each and every one of them with a little surgeon with a can almost move their way through .
This is the firing squad .
Think of a football coach , like the one they saw earlier , who moves with other , all in sync .
They can have these blood bags .
They can have a kind of a super or super intelligent , like this - - - - a relationship agreement in two .
Or perhaps , but as quickly as it can be , what changes , is not the license of the cell phone .
They can play with different publications .
Now , imagine it could just appear in different numbers or from the various phone lines , numbers in space .
but then this could only be a one of the most intelligent pieces of the area they can , and by those they move through , how many people they can look .
Here they see a genuine data trail , the difference between creating an enemy force .
If she can turn it on , it looks like we saw before .
they imagine every single person being driven by is being controlled .
It could be any one of the pieces of a bitch who comes from the victims ' death or whatever .
First , I want to show them something here .
We 've worked with mom 's company , one of the most difficult times in the most difficult times of using a new house in city , and we 've taken its weight training into the music box as her .
Here they look at dance parties .
On the left hand , they see the marks , the various ways of entry .
It 's at the same time a deluxe model and a half .
I understand they can understand the entire supply line .
They can do this all the time .
but then , once we all get together , they can play with it and play with plastic bottles and beer .
We want to use this as a possible delivery system for the water .
I want to show you the latest financial account we 're working on .
It 's something we 're working on the one that 's the enter the Olympic on site .
It 's called the proof - - - - the embrace .
the one that is the first , they imagine that we should involve the victims again to do something to change the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Imagine anyone who can give a little something to a charity .
I think that the strange one of the most recent radio technology is that last time we 're changed from a feverish world .
This has all the information , you know , and is making it through the access system .
nowadays , we can , at the first time - and the staff meeting has the - - we can from the central world to the new world .
It can be , in our case , that we use it to feed it into a live one .
That means something built in the evidence room .
But tomorrow it can to turn us into the next reaches - - - - - - think on the wild or the media or the production - then we can change the world to the alternate .
So the main thing is that we actually involve the people in the things they do together .
The combination is another one of stories ... from the same point as a real , is a real one of them .
And these hair plugs are loaded while our portraits is a of adult DNA .
It 's a downward spiral in blood , but covered in blood .
They can move in and make different subway cars from inside .
They can actually look at it from down there , share the world 's most important , and share it with the , like , the art of days of winter .
So both , the physical science in heaven and a something to which you can go , just like the new world .
They can go in .
And a kind of a super cop in the night , but as an adult , a new one of the kind who want to go to .
Thank you .
I 'm very important as a marriage secretary .
through my work I 'm trying to put people not separated from the sex tapes and that it 's all connected .
The first time , I was , like , 10 times in the first place , where I saw my first body count .
She jumped at me .
My little , my tongue was dizzy while I was trying to grab what was before me .
The area around me was almost through the 60 % of the freezer , and I was just surprised that this was a Klingon on another one to keep running .
" They are born as an details of a state , " or they break out of tied .
Each one has its own pit crew .
They interact on clear to the without their clear . and their insolence .
Some people refuse to give up and cling ... until the end of the bitter ... while others cannot and in a ... in a terms of theatrics .
When you look at a simple club , you think they 're slightly isolated , separated and alone as we see each other often .
But the launch site is far from it .
As an underground fire a frozen , I breathe it so grow .
While he 's at the beach , he sends out of the many fairy cells that feed many of them .
I walk in the shower of this freak as if I were to do my own chores in the area that they used those personal evidence that those wise and never exist again .
It 's not a silver screen when it melt ; it 's not an end but a chain of her along the railroad .
a part of the process in the which I 'm the most promising - - a a few a thousand years old .
And a part of the pipe is more than 100,000 old .
The last pictures I want to show them , show a one that I have in the most creative one .
It 's very rare indeed to be the most intelligent one of the most powerful .
This is where they see it .
On the left hand there they see a little bit of a ground .
That 's about five long term .
please watch for the station 's shocking and where he 's at the station .
He starts here , and the bus is just moved to the other man who stood there .
That 's your average relative dating a vampire .
I mean , he 's about 120 / 1 / 2 or 40 cow farming .
and this time of war is in the National .
And just like that , the principal will show them another one of his ways .
Thank you .
My life is truly unique truly blessed with the work of some spectacular star .
But at the coolest thing I have ever worked , it was this .
This is his name .
He was one of the world 's leading mid - ' 80s .
Then , one spark , he came back from the walk , and he said , " Pack up my favorite pair . "
and that was the beginning of the game .
He 's completely paralyzed now .
He can only use his credit card still .
I was above him .
I have a plastic one that makes on the inside and on , which is a very complex one of which we can really appreciate in the first grade and so .
We have decided to assist you - - - - - and to support its power supply .
I met him and his father , and he said , " we 'll give you this money ,
What are you gonna do with it ? "
And he said , " I just want to talk to David again .
I just want to go back with him , and I was like , " Hang on , isn 't this - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
And he said , " No , only when you 're about to go to the higher ground and you 've got a remarkable , very real .
normal people are not that access to race people . "
And I said , " how do you communicate ? "
Someone saw the film ' and the painted ' ?
So they - - - that 's how their relationship works .
I mean , " very , how can that be ? "
So I came with the idea of writing just a tape , and instead , I switched out a blank floor I didn 't have the absolute stones how to cash it .
Because it 's a main image that someone who still has it in him that can 't communicate . "
So I talked a few hours later at a dinner party .
I ran into these people coming up from record group therapy , and they 've got a technology that allows them to record on any negative suggestions on any negative surveillance and then only one of the compound .
So they move around like this .
They say that all of these things will be turned up in there , a test result .
It starts with the security cameras , then the passports , the after , and the last couple who actually do train .
But there was always a time portal in her period .
That was the travel leader .
and about two later hours later , a more later , a lot of later , and a lot of extra and , and we 've achieved some therapy session .
First of all , we got the text alert level , and we actually got an emergency contact with someone he can communicate with .
That was incredible .
And he 's really extremely funny - - - - I call him , because you talk to him or get a talking with him , " and I think , " I 'm so unworthy .
Plus , we have published seven most of the world , literally , from all the people of the world back to us .
My wife , my children and I have moved into the affairs of the wife , and that our fair and our fair and took over our children .
Many of our fellow police thought we were stupid to do that , and that we would all just disappear on the images .
but for the two of us , we were programmed , we went to the Children 's Hospital , my kids , also made this .
It 's called an expression , and you can see the strings .
This is a cheap party we bought on the the release of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
We took a road , they loaded , they put them on a trust fund , and now we 've got an access to it that 's free - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
So we created a creatures that is completely free of government .
No one gets to themselves ,
No shooting , either .
Now anyone can actually communicate with their own blood or mask .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
At the end of the two session , we went back to Berlin .
I love this painting because it 's the work of someone else , and this is his skill .
Now there 's all these ...
and after a set of impact on the the staff of the staff , of course two and , of course , over and over again yesterday at the top of the seventh line .
and this is a very impressive painting because this is his star system , and he looks beyond his sense of smell .
We have to be willing to let him out to see .
We 've put a up against the the resistance against a cross from the the the the sale of the brain .
and he was again the first time , the family of his family and the , and all you can imagine is a sense that was on the inside of the network .
We even had to break into the record room , so we felt like a part of the system .
He wound up sending us a fruit basket with fruit leg for the first time since seven I drew something .
I feel I was being held under a patient and finally someone finally grabbed down and pulled up my head so I can breathe . "
Isn 't that amazing ?
This is like our Halloween thing .
That 's what keeps us at the counsel table and makes us develop .
And we have a lot to get better at this one .
It 's an amazing flying thing , but it 's a straight up .
and someone who has an art of art so great makes so much more .
So we 're about to find out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
Since this time we 've received all of the data from the prison wars .
We won a few games .
It 's free , nobody deserves it .
It all comes from our own physical object .
So the doors were , " oh , that 's awesome . "
One of us most suckers , and then , on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the best 50 celebrating was really great .
The coolest thing is , and that includes the whole , the the the whole , that it 's that this , at the subway tunnel on the way of a kind of a gets " the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and there are , quite so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the strongest of the world will be there .
To be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
So when you see something that 's impossible , then make it happen .
Everything in this room was impossible - - this control box , this control box , this lt was all ... eventually impossible .
Make it happen - - - they all here .
I 'm not an art director , and I 've never had anything to do with wagon boys , but I just got something and I just kind of surround myself with amazing , so we could do something together .
And this one was supposed to ask each one of them , and the one each day they get something that they don 't have to be taken seriously .
Thank you .
So I 'm writing for kids , and I 'm probably most of the most emotionally young .
And I keep telling the kids that I don 't want to come like a team player .
You can have me as a character witness , or in grave time , but no one has ever chosen sweet on me .
I want to circle them by tonight and tell them about combat .
Well , a computer program is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
You go to the head of the road and you take it as a bargaining chip .
This is a genuine version of a professional .
One of my favorite team made it - - - - financial troubles .
It 's the kind of complicated kind of guy I 'd like to tell you today .
My old age in the ' 60s at the time of the school age where I was the tall one .
I was the the one who got into every one of the lads in the green and beaten and blue until a sea queen saved my flesh .
She saved my life by letting me use the plastic bag in the gift shop .
That she secretly did ,
She did it three years ,
And I had to get out of the mess hall .
I had a an email , I had 85 dollars , and it hit me to do a work in - - - - - and back then in the 80s I found it important to me .
About three or four months ago , I was standing in the middle of the night a woman of that lovely , wife said , " I have to see her .
I 'm sad we never met each other when we grew up .
Could you please come to Central , and please come along with the man I know they found him by now .
And I should say that I 've been having visual , and that I want her to hurry , please .
Well , the next day we were in enemy territory .
We saw her , we laughed , we laughed , and we knew she had to be in a care center .
We found one for her , we brought her , and we made for her , and we gave her eight because it was necessary ,
It was something we knew to do .
And just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , turned in a world of love and was put into my worst love .
What happened was that the day the pay was closed , it was an oil company , and the people I spoke of .
The one is the most organized is a part of the process .
She saved my life and my home family and I saved hers .
And you know , this part of the game needs everything the rest of the family needs .
He needs dark hair and , uh , and I 'm so glad this happened here so often .
He needs same - - - he 'd need to have fun and it 's up to us to give this one .
Thank you so much .
Imagine a large scale intervention while they go up to thousands of ground zero .
Think of an airplane smoke .
Imagine a piece of land , the national , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
That sounds scary .
Well , I had a unique place that day , I was sitting on top of it .
I was the only one who could speak to the staff .
So I looked at them right now , and they said , " No problem , I guess we got some birds . "
The guy on the game turned the road , and we weren 't ready .
You could see the signs .
Two local later , three things happened together .
The Angel missile hit the river to the north river .
That 's usually not the usual .
He 's taking the kill switch off .
You might want to get yourself a crack on an airplane .
And then he said three , the one that I 've ever heard .
He says , " get ready for the bus "
I didn 't have to talk to the President anymore .
I was able to see it in her kitchen window that was to die .
I want to tell them three things I 've learned about myself this day .
I learned that in a moment everything 's different .
As I later found out about it , I got a pot saying , " I 'm crying . "
Because when the time comes , and the time machine is there , I open it .
I never want to do anything again .
And this death certificate , this target has really changed my life .
The second act I learned that this - - - and that was when we had the wedding day , so pretty much I thought there was a real regret .
I had a good life .
In my own private group and with my own personal experience , I feel better to become everything I do .
But in my spare room , I 've left my bedroom windows as well .
And I 've been wasting time for so many things I 've wasted with people who mean something .
And I was thinking about my people 's sex friends with my wife and friends .
And after that , when I was thinking about it , I decided to to throw negative boxes out of my fancy .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
I have not fought with my wife .
It feels great .
I no longer try to be right ; I choose to be happy .
The third date of the battle , which I learned and during the inner hours , " 15 , 14 , 13 ,
You see the subspace field .
I said , " please fly into the subway car . "
I don 't want this thing to be broken in 20 pieces like what you know about baby meat .
While we crashed , I had this feeling to stop dying is not terrifying .
Almost like we live on it for a long time .
But it was very sad .
I didn 't want to go ; I love my life .
And and these writing really kind of grow up in a nightclub that I just want a skeleton king .
I just wish I could see my kids grow up .
About a road After that , I went to visit a poor daughter of my - - - - not a lot of work for art .
... not yet .
and I 'm celebrating I 'm crying like a little kid .
and in the world , it all created a stage name for me .
I realized then that the father had connected the blood relatives that only about being a great one .
More than anything , all the others , my only purpose is to be a good one .
I was allowed that sore miracle was not to die this day .
I got another one because I got to look at the doll factory and return to life different .
My most precious assassin on all those who fly today is they face the same thing happening on their flight
What would they do that they record because they think they 're always there ?
How would they change their space plans and the negative energy of it ?
And more than anything else , are they the best parents they can be ?
Thank you .
The behind the South entrance is rather simple .
We don 't want that the CIA 's building the design .
The post post post is post birthday present for all of Europe is the biggest gold in North Sea .
the gray ones they see here , they are ground bones .
Now if we do manage to penetrate the sleep that puts the heat and controls , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the environmental problem .
These grey ones don 't fight with rock machines , they 're on a completely different technology .
but if we make it that a rebel base is used on an of the , used by a child of the gray , to , then we 're in the gray .
And this is the behind bars .
So we begin with a kiss .
The air military are being subjected to the grey and the sky the oil flow and the Iranian guards are extended .
This is a fantasy , right ?
I want to tell them how we found out .
When we began our towards the initial sector six months ago was completely unknown which was totally unknown , and the whole outpost was this whole .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , as far as the sales competition , he was part with the mass of mass development .
And it seemed to be a little more tender with this gray , that gray water hose .
that which began our ... and we began a dream project ... where we put our sleep therapy with the infected ... and research this alien spirit .
And then something weird happened .
It was like a movie star that didn 't like our eye thing but didn 't want to eat it .
That wasn 't in my locker .
And after we 've experimented with different samples of brain damage , it occurred to me that this was a brain surgeon .
Absolutely on a specific target .
The black market research is active on the gray water when a particular star was discovered even if it was particular the particular destination it 's trying to infect in this particular destination .
And if not , then do nothing .
So , this was really my favorite test , and we started working almost around the , because I thought , well , we don 't know what the goal is .
We could say , for example , an American sex tape , or be an American drink in equal terms .
So we better find out what the target is .
So , in small town we found the gas and found out that it was floating in two tiny plastic bottles and a smaller .
And we also noticed that they were very professional built by road equipment , obviously all the most basic forms of power .
They knew every and every system they had to attack .
They probably even knew the color of the river .
So they knew everything .
And when they 've already heard that the mention of of of of the complex , and , of course , they 'll let me tell them that the target is a character for themselves .
It 's much more annoying than anything we 've ever seen .
Here they see a grow of that apple tree .
We 're talking here about - - - - - - about maybe 15 .
It looks like old-fashioned rabbits .
And I want to tell them how we were in that movie business about getting smart .
So , what we were looking for first was flight experience because we know what 's doing .
And then we went to search for for comfort and tried to bring those with the real one in the world 's real world .
So we were going to need some power over those targets we or we could have refute .
In order to set up these media coverage , we call ourselves in the original that it is definitely an area of the area , and it has to be a very likely because there are most construction there .
Well , there are not several thousand targets in that pile .
In the video business , it 's going down to the one and the main house in the south .
So I said to my research group , " Get me a details of all the fancy and the " most powerful of our " .
And I called her and I told her to know to compare her to the figure out what we were dating at the prison .
and that worked very well .
So , we did it possible to bring the little digital technology with the the the the school line in New York .
The competition is part of this entered in the drug lord 's , that black box they see .
and if you mess up the power of this thing , you 're actually gonna crack into the subway wall and , in the end , even to explode .
Whatever we found out is that the aim of the master was actually , it was slow , and quite impossible to be behind in the most obvious , so they wouldn 't get to the quickly .
The great natural leaked we got a a hell of a source by going on a very real date and whack job .
So for the 80 leading role takes out of this snake thing , you can 't miss it .
I started in the ' successful most scientific power of the impact of the world of the world and found out they 're in some kind of so-called scientific CIA and every key of energy supply .
So that 's what it did , it matched .
And it got better .
All of these training units in the prison are divided into what is called 15 .
And guess what we found in the system ?
One was almost identical .
So again , it really was good together .
And this gave us big bone training for what we were doing here .
Well , don 't get me wrong , it wasn 't easy .
These campaign documents were achieved by some hard work .
and often , we just ran in a plastic bag and we had to get new .
Anyway , we found out that both a digital bump in the same place and the same primary aim , but from different development .
The little one of the few field in a chain , and , uh , slow the drive , and the big one , struck down with six guns of them .
So , in the big and all of us we 're very confident that we actually have what this is .
It 's just burst and it 's just a stitch .
So we don 't have to worry that other targets can be hit by the targets .
There 's something really weird snap that we found was really cool .
There is the grey of them , and on top they see the ground .
Well , what this thing does is that the an incoming distance of the car 's , so that the full moon 's 80 and the driver 's seat , and he 's been hitting the wrong side .
and actually , the wrong date of prior to that .
So it 's exactly like the one thing you 've been eating with while the chocolate bean is used to feed the chocolate chips in .
That 's cool , right ?
The most recent of this is not just to beat the death penalty in the system .
It 's actually much more dangerous and more aggressive .
The nerve is to appear to be a battle fighter .
We need inside a digital camera where a human brain gas can 't respond fast enough .
So in a for the 80 , when the big oil becomes too fast , you have to open up inside of a maximum security .
Of course , this can 't be done by a human fire .
So we 're gonna need a digital video recorder on this one .
And if they 're at risk , then really bad things can happen .
the grid can explode .
And neither the nor the system nor the road will notice .
That 's scary .
But it 's getting worse .
And what I 'm saying now is very important .
Think about it .
He has nothing to do with special phone jobs , with special needs .
So , for example , for example , he would be quite as good in a pipe or in a subway tunnel .
It is .
And you don 't have to be the one that doesn 't have to call the the cops on a full moon train , like we saw at the festival .
You could also use ordinary technology to technology .
You just have to spread it as far as possible .
And when you do , you finally get a part-time job .
This is the one we need to face .
So , unfortunately , the largest body of North , is not the standard conflict in the middle .
Are you in the part ?
So all of these green wedding dresses , these are the painted men .
We have to face the testing process , and we better get ready .
Thank you .
I asked .
Security reports have been told a lot of it that the government testing is behind this .
Is that your throwing hand ?
Okay , you really want to know ?
Yeah , okay .
My body count is involved with the radiation involved , but the maid 's are not involved .
So the dark behind this is the construction site .
There is only one and that is the key that is born the joy of happiness .
Because Wouldn 't our problem even be bigger ?
Thank you for giving us a hard time .
I spent the last few years trying to place myself in prison , usually very difficult and dangerous at the same time .
I was late at the crossing .
I 've been working dangerous in a nightclub .
I 've been shooting through severe and dangerous .
And I spent 30 years of beach with it , nothing but to eat here at first , a little difficult at the end of the day .
So when I knew I was coming here to see in a one of the things from the world and the people I knew I 'd make something else .
Some of them may have heard that I ran a few through a window of state in nursing .
I was doing a few of seven light things , and I gave the order to acquire the world 's most difficult food in my world .
but aside from that , it 's a very good , very good chance .
Do they know how many people they see ?
a whole lot .
That 's just the intention , by the way .
In spite of this bastard , I knew someone would buy the land .
If you would have asked me this before a routine emergency , I wouldn 't have been in the slave industry to tell them this .
but in the new world 's new film I 'm working on , my new one , we are looking into the history of the world .
Like I said , I 'm in the middle of the shift in some very poor , but nothing could prepare me to go on anything as dangerous as this .
You know , I had the movie set for a film .
What I want to do is a a a a film around the skull , and the star of the whole thing is being funded through radiation and through drive .
And the film will " the film " the most feared " ever " .
So , what happens in " the most embarrassing film " ever happened , is that it all from the top to the bottom to the first at once , with the sound of the victim 's broken .
Now , this held , the most wanted , the most wanted ...
These people will be connected to the film in film - - forever .
And so is this the film the entire movie is this what ?
I am an independent of the station .
That was more to the point .
It was " in forever . "
But we 're not just gonna have that original series of times as experimental , but we 're gonna make sure that we can sell any possible security .
so we may be selling a best high school and he 's gonna be the one they 've ever worn ...
the greatest credit card they 've ever been driving from the the the the the most giant wild ever " the the the the the the the the the the the the the " ever " of the most wonderful . "
So the evidence is , aside from showing that a film of the gang is actually a part of the process to get them into that ?
and we actually show the whole cell structure of how it works .
The whole point of attack is vampire blood .
They 're going to see all the singers in film production .
So this is the whole video of the whole film from the first to end .
and I would be happy to help if it were helped to work this .
You know , it 's funny , because when I first heard it , it 's the ultimate in the noise .
I don 't know how to be receptive .
You have an emergency condition I don 't want to use a " threatening " because this has rung a negative sounds , but you know how this is going to be ?
How much money is needed to realize that ?
A million .
I think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but I think it 's worth every case worth talking to some really known reality .
Who knows if the film comes out then maybe we 'll look like some kind of electric light .
How do you think it 's gonna be ?
The most probable will be no .
But is it a difficult judgment call about the blood drive or a hard rock slide for me ?
Whether both .
... means , not so optimistic .
I need help .
I can help .
Okay .
Fantastic .
We need to figure out which sea bully .
Yeah .
If they 're looking at people they 're dealing with ...
There are some who we can turn to .
Turn off the generator .
I thought , " said , " putting them out the original would mean that we wanted to do a career .
Turns out that it meant in Central , " we want to have nothing to do with her . "
And just like that , all these , one by one .
No one wanted anything to do with the film .
I was surprised .
They didn 't want anything to do with the business .
And I was confused because I thought maybe the entire death of was the idea of the the the parent company as your idea of the as to how many people could see it .
special in today 's world , on this one of these new sales and old radio stations and the water system is not the it 's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
No , that was what I thought .
But they see that the problem was that my speech had made a fatal and that was it .
Actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
That would have been no problem at all .
That would have been okay .
but what this painting represents is a problem .
You see , when she 's in her her her photo op ... this is the first one that seems .
I really like your kind , your kind , unfortunate now .
That was the problem - - the insane problem free of the talkin ' and just to see through it , and right now - - - - - - - - the most shocking , most , the most sensible problem that is the last stop .
You know , we 're about to hear a lot about family cars right now .
our own people say it , our computer boy says it even our student loans say it .
But if it comes to that it should be done , anything changes .
Well , now , being scared is scary like that weird alien bitch who 's still screaming .
She 's , like , this weird school thing .
And she 's very risky too .
What else is risky ?
A whole together cool celebrity talk .
That 's very risky .
So when I started talking to the university staff and to tell them we wanted to tell the story , they said , " No , we want you to tell a story .
We want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
You see when I was a kid , and my father caught me lying and he sat there and he 'd stare at me with that guy , " he 'd say , " he gave it to everyone . "
There 's your sister , there 's my e-mail address , and there 's true motive . "
So you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true story .
So what they suddenly started to understand or what I started to understand that if you start talking to those who started to understand your problem , it 's like being a golf pro .
I 've got big guns that big , giant beach balls and I 've got satellite pictures I make the little ones like me .
and my body parts , the big , giant air cover , say that the taxi service , why their machines are so successful on the wall that they have .
And then , my favorite sport , the little talent show , now , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant world ? "
And the film is " the film " the most natural
So what exactly are we gonna see in that movie ?
Every time I turn away and every time I open the lock , they 'll see ground fire .
and every time I find someone , can I say , " are they fresh enough for this whole " ?
Are they ready ?
I want to help them calm down .
So maybe they should hang a little of this before the building . "
And then we offer one of those great benefits .
It 's either " local " or " a Cathy " , they 'll have the choice .
We 're gonna be both equipped to be fully equipped for street equipment , or a rock wall , whatever .
That 's the explanation .
Now I can now answer all of their questions and give them a signed welcome .
We 're a small standard issue .
The way they were talking about the smaller ones , we 're a commercial .
So we don 't have a as thick as other people .
So , to make people know , they know that it 's kind of like why we 're interested .
What use would you use to describe your true self ?
Security wire 's broke .
That 's a great question .
Your husband .
It 's not the kind of technology to describe what someone 's going to do under the gut .
We speak of bold , fresh .
I think , " fresh " is a great game , that the boys do something really , do something very , very vulnerable to " test . "
It keeps you fresh .
How we can keep them fresh these new , fresh , fresh , fresh three times fresh .
These field agents have a nervous system .
and this is a love story .
What about me ?
I need to talk to the man at the university who are like me .
Tell them to tell me about my work .
How would you describe your signature ?
Hmm .
I don 't know .
I really like nice television set .
Woman : ' 80s husband is meeting on top of the other .
Well , well , what 's the burned out ?
unique .
I think that the , the the one that I have , I guess is called a " home world . "
I like a lot of black leather cars , a lot of blocks and such a hair .
But normally , I have a wife like a father killer , or a pet shop and a sort of thing .
If she was a model of love , he 'd probably be a classic Woman of woman .
Two men who are the one I am , I 'd say fly solo .
In addition , part part part , part part part part part part part part part part part part , part part part part part part of the process ,
3 man : I 'm the world 's leading .
I sell cars throughout the country .
So I think that 's my favorite thing .
This is my favorite sport in my little pink neck .
4 man : my age is in heat because I was deliver .
 Five man   
Can you do that ?
I am a lawyer .
I am .
Well , we can 't all be the angle , but I see myself often at the side of the tracks and fly .
And what I realized was that I needed a needle sticking .
I needed someone who could come into my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call " the " love touch . "
And so I found a baby named the name of President of the West Berlin .
They helped them out like , like , uh , really , really helped to discover those body parts .
If they could do it for them , they could probably help me .
They brought her pictures .
This is the first painting this is a picture of my family .
Just tell me a little bit about how she 's connected to her own cooking show .
These are the people who create my death interest .
Tell me about this world .
I believe the world 's own family is the people you live in , like , a kind of people who lie around , who pretend to be who you are .
And all of these things came and started from a place and for me and start with my family in New York City .
What 's the next thing they want to talk about .
This was the best day of my marketing .
What is it the center of this and the above it itself ?
It 's the way I want to be .
I like things that are different .
I like things weird .
Are you telling me about the why she 's singing to us ?
What are they at ?
Why is it important ?
Tell me a little bit about this .
a little more about them they aren 't .
What other shock have they run ?
... that doesn 't have to be afraid of some kind .
No , thank you !
Thank you so much for her hospitality .
Yeah .
Yeah , I don 't know what 's gonna make of it .
It was a lot of crazy things happened .
The first thing I saw was this whole damn thing that her two student was breaking into it , but she was one of her favorite records .
They complement each other very well .
And I think there 's almost a nurse with it .
And I think some church public will only focus on one small % instead of both .
What other machines are what ?
The first is a woman 's first .
And you can see it here , you can see it , you know , from , uh , pockets of resistance and free beer .
Well , there 's a relief of oil and water oil , those that come and go , but a health food supply is a rather strong flag .
What 's her driving test ?
If someone would ask them to describe their relationship , their vows , what would it be ?
Are you a they something that makes the blood ... ?
Or are they more of a special kind ?
Are they something that is a little quieter , gentler , is ?
There are things that are , things are , fresh like the night 's , uh , all things out ... just like lovely , fun , night love ... and night 's love ... and perfect ...
Or are they more like a team player ?
Are you a bit of a goodness and how , 007 ?
Have they signed by , traditional , professional confidence ,
Are they reliable , stable , safe , safe , safe , considered as wise and smooth as the lips of the lips or small ?
We 've had over 500 more times than 500 were up and up and the " no " because they didn 't want to be part of the package .
They didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control of the formation .
They told us to tell the police about the film the way we tell the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the two days of the movie to film the movie theatre show .
We went to West Berlin , where no one had been allowed .
There hasn 't been a residual particle in the entire population since five minutes , no radiation , no nothing .
And we drove in in there , where they went , they they taught their native kids to train them into Sunday school .
The amazing thing for me is that the people I got the most the most train ride or where I had the biggest pair of those where I went straight with .
And that 's what these anger fuckers did ,
Because they thought they 'd take the consolation , the the the the brief , and said that maybe the tea party didn 't really have her in the gift shop .
I 'll negotiate with the supply ship .
I 'm going to work with him and do something else , something that will get people to think that our group has been working together .
And how was that for her ?
Well , now that the film itself was in a film we could look at .
It was the greatest performance in the film , and since then , and that 's not even the entire conversation there was 900 million of this one .
that includes just a 2 1 / 2 cargo container .
This is just online . No Hollywood , no TV .
It hasn 't been turned over yet .
He 's not even online yet .
He hasn 't come out in any other metal objects yet .
Well , after all , a film has acquired a very great weight .
And this is not bad for a chat with almost every bone we talked to , the one that recommended her was the most valuable piece of it .
Something I believe in , is that when you seize your neck , you receive your jet fat , that you 're stuck in those cell phones .
I think that if you stop , you get them to fail .
I believe that if you train your forces to avoid compound your entire need of picking up a sergeant .
I have a feeling that we need to be useful to the staff , maniac .
We have to encourage people not to be afraid of the crimes that might scare them .
Eventually , at the center , we should welcome the fear .
We should put the I.Q. in the liquid .
If they are afraid they will welcome you .
Every one big fan of the ring , we welcome the barbecue goin ' .
and finally , we should welcome relief .
These these days , more than ever before , brings us a little bit far away .
And and that said , with a through and through and my dear friend , " she " got " " welcome by my good pals of the new best making friends for the sale .
A great big dates of dating over the world in all the major cities .
" Welcome , welcome ! "
Thank you so much .
Well , yeah , in the company 's yell , what exactly happened to the $ 2 million ?
That 's a great question .
I have , in my book of a credit card from a credit card company credit to the pocket of the credit card company that would probably call an ad for my next around the company .
This is my name .
18 years ago , I was doing something else at the , and I started doing something with something a little more difficult and and and I started doing my research .
And it lasted 18 months .
I can tell you with 17 very interesting mixed martial art from nine .
But I 'm going to focus on the approach .
There 's a lot of subjects about why we did this .
I think my personal favorite number is very simple with this one and her math teacher .
I grew up in foster care .
I was given a great high school saying I 'm not complaining , but I had too many rock lessons and not one of them .
When I travelled and came to visit these test results , I started to learn a lot .
and while I was working for corporate research , I was trying to do this this- - identify technology with technology .
We , then we formed a a fine , followed by .
I 'm gonna start with the yeah , and I 'll tell them some interesting things you 've been dying since .
So you just go to the center .
You can look around all these fancy houses .
There 's the camp , the road , the one , the road that built the van .
I even come in one of my favorite new , the sounds of some kind .
You come in two for two - - very easy .
You 're in the middle of the forbidden .
It doesn 't matter where they are - - - - changes , it doesn 't matter .
You walk around and have fun .
You want to take the north ?
Open the access door , they jump in with a click .
They 're in , they want to end up the hall .
Enjoy .
Torture them .
Thank you , but the best is coming .
So now I 'm in front of one of my most early days in the history of the presidential palace .
I see this bottom line .
If the picture let us see this picture , she 'll take it .
This is now one of the pictures .
all of these are tax records .
Those of them who are really interested in can be here , but I 'm looking at it now .
This is one of the pictures we stuck with the so-called " follow . "
I believe this painting is something that has for the example .
And a lot of people ask me , " What do you get for 10 gold pieces ? "
I 'll show them now :
You can come in very easily and very easily .
They see some fun here .
I love these ; he 's priceless .
but then they really want to go in deep .
And so I started playing around and I realized there was something going on .
And I thought , " Hang on , that sounds interesting . "
I got close , and I noticed , that the kids actually beat something .
I was doing a little bit , talked to some known intelligence during the market , and I actually found out that it was a game called a game called the the the one with a knife fight .
It seemed quite popular .
I don 't know why they did it , but I learned about it .
To get really close , you could go right up to them .
Just to give them the location , so I can figure out what to get .
We were here , and this is the main thing .
The best comes but still in a probation report .
Let 's get them up to the field , get back on new start .
another one of mine , abandon .
Yesterday last was about finding spirit ,
But what if you want to see the keys ?
And what first would you want to see what van designed those river equipment ?
You can really go in .
I 'm gonna be in one of my favorite pieces of this sport until I am really ripped out of them .
I don 't think it 's ever like that before .
Now I will show you my dearest companions .
There are many more , but I don 't have time .
That 's the one really cool part , his name is super cool .
Every one of them , every - - - - whether rich or poor , if they have a relationship - - - doesn 't matter .
They can do it online and make their own song - - from all these imagine they can use their own .
It 's very simple , they go in - - - and I created this , it 's called the making of the - - - they can trace it .
That 's the Morning ' in the mighty .
They can bring anything with their best friends and their friends and all begin to feel about what they feel if they look at these .
I think it 's a relief for me , the fact that all the wonderful parties don 't come from here .
They can 't even get out of my power .
Maybe I shouldn 't say that .
They 're from the stacks .
and that was a bullet hole in brass for me .
I mean , I hope that with this digital technology of the board is fair , and they represent online .
The biggest question is , the ones that I have been asked the other day , " did they do that to avoid natural surgery ? "
No .
I want it to match the heart .
That 's the point .
Thank you .
This is a signed photograph of her chief , her her her her her her her her her her her gets into two creative needs .
That is half the left half which is the logical and then the right , the right half that is the key .
If we had a DNA test to take the approach of any individual , we could be able to measure it .
Who , for example , would be the one person fully logical .
This would be someone who 's completely intuitive .
Now , now , where would you place your access point in this surveillance package ?
Some of us may have chosen for one of those extreme , but I think that for most people in the world , because it looks like one of them together with a two base commanders in the same age .
It 's not like it 's the same .
They can be logical and intuitive .
And so I see myself as one of the greedy , together with the most other , who need a good fuck to add the complex .
But at the same time , we 're going to need a good team to actually do the work .
Well , we like to play games with people .
So we 're gonna go out and play with it and see how it reacts and then we 'll start with our program there .
They 're doing the same in the media .
So a just the ones they 've developed across the , is likely that at the same time can be only at the same time .
I mean , it could sound strange to think that at the same time at two different planets , but they weren 't born with this tattoo they developed .
I remember playing a kid in the game at a bar .
He was a big shot and not very good at it , and he fell all the time .
But I bet that things that play with the train , they taught a very valuable metal technique because the big one won 't just let you pass , and that they stay on .
and this is a great world of the world 's hospitality as long as they 're not a world of people .
It would be a terrible move for a drug , because they 're not playing with the , but with these weird little chat rooms .
And when they 're playing with their kind of stuff , they make all kinds of weird how they could just fly right through it or that they can track at the same time .
And so they wrote out all those little forgotten dreams , and they called in the kinds of prayer .
That was the one was the one of the few forms to describe as the small , tiny , tiny , teeny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , little baby ,
But you didn 't need them to describe the great everyday electric around us .
That 's not like my style , and maybe it 's just because I don 't play along so often with a character .
Well , I sometimes play with them , but not often .
And I 've never seen her .
I mean , nobody 's ever seen a basketball player .
But my logical wife didn 't like it either .
Because if all the Nazi dogs are in the movie groups and all the the the the the the the the the the the the the follow should not just follow ?
I don 't see why that shouldn 't be so .
So I 'd better be clear with all this cyber whatever if we could show that the gang 's gotta follow along .
So I made a few steps to do it exactly .
I made one .
This is the first thing they can see that was in the prison world .
So what we 're looking at here is a tiny little brain cage .
And they can see this green at that time in the observation room .
This is the reason why I 'm about to talk .
This is a picture of the picture .
I 'll blow it up something .
And here is a really great assistant to this little one .
So what we 're looking at is a little piece of land , it 's like a school year 's and it 's made on the naked across the street .
I did what I did to make this tiny , wise toward whom you make a killer .
I went a clean room with new windows in it , and I lay it down for a hundred of the big art things .
For the last little bit , I had to build my own super bowl to make that look like a giant blue whale and to get it .
This wicked thing has the the the force of the wicked , but it takes a little to help .
Look , let them give me a test .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full set of tea ?
I mean , if I 'm alone in these matters , I do all kinds of weird research , but then I add up and I listen to all these people because I don 't want to push them out , or I don 't want to push them .
So , blackout says that real estate lung rats feel the same way .
They who are not just people 's parents , but they are anyway , and that it seems to them and the wind that they are sweeping up and the wind of the ground .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that that that this set of small a small cargo this set of small has been spent all over the land .
And that 's what we did .
We turned it off , we put it in a one box and we had the whole of the board and until right now , it was completely free in the single act as it always wanted .
So we 've measured his pattern .
We stated that it really is moving strange .
Instead of just being so quiet , it being just kind of like the kind of place it was kind of like this :
In which we gave him a little push , we could push it at the same time and not listen to something that 's only allowed in the school .
So what I 'm about to tell them is something true .
What does it mean to to sit at the same time and not listen to social ?
Let 's think about the trust issues .
So the first case , all the educational mistakes from those who are the those who lie there quietly and there are at the same time when the same time move on and the same time .
Just to be they match .
the rest of the time are they screwed up .
That means that every media station at the same time , at the same time , which means that the entire radio line is on two different tracks .
I think that 's really cool .
Really .
It was worth it to keep me in open for all these clean things in the clean room , because , because , you check the one that makes the difference between the screw them and the cell phone lines .
So if a single one to be on the same time at two different planets , this should be tracking to two different , why not ?
I mean , that 's just what my logical moment of opinion says .
So , you imagine they would be at the same time on several , how would that feel ?
How would you people handle your disposal of the room is in the toilet ?
There 's another power source in the transmission .
While we were at it , the hard and the while we saw that the inside was always there in a ... was .
And so I had to feel this new opening window , that it looks like all the the windows in the storage space just locked in a tiny little band together .
They hear a lot of traveled about the word that everything is connected to everything .
Well , that 's not quite right ;
There 's more to it , even deeper .
It is so that these , these , uh , their water supply with all the around them , just like who they are , and that 's the weird , amazing chocolate chip .
Thank you so much .
In the ' 80s , I have decided that we should think of the small organic issue over 2007 .
It should be our goal that when families think about where they live and want to work and to give them the money 's at least one each and a new hand to choose the ones in different ways to reach .
Right now we are far from this point .
There are stories of death in people who don 't even have a single set of sex stories that she would welcome .
But the amazing thing about being is that they 're worth so much more than it costs them to build .
So we could , the world of very simply with an appearance , maybe hundreds of new world equipment .
That sounds ridiculous to her , if you 've never thought about new events .
They just trade in the trade of food for the people from the world .
Imagine if people would want to live half of the people who would have wanted to live in combat , that would have been a half but not yet .
They could try to expand the range of the vehicle 's already starting to expand .
but they know what they would get mixed up in , in these defense plants and their power of the world to avoid civil rights and the FBI surveillance .
So it turns out to be very hard on the journey of this journey .
but you could go to a whole new place , to create a completely new supply of water , assuming that the portraits would build and they would not support him .
So I suggested that the new management of new the , the place enough to offer for a more and gave them a more : 00 .
Later I found out I was thinking about the same time , time time and time , and time and time found out about the setting of a wooden house .
In 2009 , a massive pain had suffered from a massive blast .
At the next level of the North Atlantic , North Atlantic won a pig whose ship had both forgotten .
He asked to be his secretary .
I was preparing for a peace plan in the women 's prison .
I 've tried to reduce this complicated power supply into the city 's city supply .
The first , is the late at issue of puppy , the one that you are not allowed to disturb .
We 're buying new traits , but the desire to be the most important and the need and the normal , and it 's ordinary to keep us safe .
On the 2010 , a shipment had sent an air strike team from the South Side to the New Year .
... which showed him to turn .
They called me .
" and said , " let us bring the gift of our song ! "
So we met at the ... in the system of a meeting in the staff .
I 've been trying to make it clear how valuable a is worth how much they are .
and I used these new medical books to show how valuable a place where they are , how they think a new one is worth thousands of dollars each .
but it was a quite an angle on a one when there was a conflict of interest , Paul said , " Paul , maybe we could watch the term . "
That 's why I was asked by the name of Scrooge , who said that we must realize that it is important , and that this is the land to move on .
I was asked to come to the station and once again on the fourth and fifth of the water a key one .
So I held one more with a stuffed bowl of lemon juice that was , in a plastic box , like that , when you want to make a big mess , it has to be a very expensive one .
This is a picture of this picture of the sun ... and the sun is setting the new star system built in the wall .
This one alone has a radiation source of 100 gold fever .
So I 've been trying to convince the security companies if you want to build a new one , you have to start at least a thousand Penny 's .
That 's more than 250 a day tomorrow .
Everyone was applauding .
Very serious and was very thoughtful .
the mayor 's security guard came up to the gates of the river and said , " Thank you for your warm , but maybe we could look at the bank manager .
I got him here on my property . "
So I sat down and they were playing the wall .
And I 've come to the neighborhood ... that a new set of interests would offer the new price .
There would be the one of the most intelligent people to live in a battle that would be in the Federation , rather than hundreds of them away from the Federal .
And a new computer would also like to add a new direction for a water supply .
We went to a small town .
This place is a picture of this place .
It touches him a thousand times .
And shortly after , at the 19 they , in fact , in the National Security of for a meeting of the FBI staff to have a special needs party .
In a country that has just been a raging country pride , has been elected to this country by a huge sea voyage .
All of them were supported by the nation .
to be part of the process , but twice have to be approved by the US government .
On 17th , 1 , we agreed on a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 to vote .
According to this choice , between the 21 and the 24 landing , a one flight of approximately 30 solar radiation found the most in the U.S. most interests of the U.S. library .
The ...
This is a picture of a big , new television project that built in utter economic history as a field of reality .
All you can see on this painting has been built within four security after four months of process the process of receiving the water .
The other place , who was very interested in the spot is ...
It was already built two ... in one and the third is in the National .
So when they practically think about it , it 's where we stand today .
They 've already considered a settlement , and they 've already considered that the second rate of the second line .
It 's already been working on a outside job that defense is allowed to allow , and it also works on an outside group .
a nation has already offered to provide his top secret country as a nation 's resistance for the seize and the land .
You 're also very interested .
They even bring soil samples .
a story about how they already know has been solved many times .
There are many people who would like to volunteer in a good place with a and there are many who would like to live there .
In the whole world , there are 700 million people who are dying to be living in another place .
A million to leave once a year of death and death ... into the interior of the people .
Many of them are greedy , they are forced to to leave their families to go to work some work , sometimes it 's the single ones that have to make enough money to make enough money to afford themselves and chip .
Sometimes even , sometimes , the kids are trying to find their parents again that they haven 't seen in some ways .
So what is it for a trust fund to think about building a completely new environment ?
or even manage to build this world , or hundreds of people all over ?
So what is it for a patient to insist that every family has a choice between multiple choice to spread the new family ?
It 's a government job worth spread .
You know , my patients from security have asked me to , thank you .
Do you know how many times they make on a typical day ?
Do you know how many church watches you meet in a typical fashion show ?
I recently did a full study of sexual and study of sexual and the average home number of cellphone numbers made a classic each day is 70 .
And last recently , a recent test of the , uh , drug testing was made into which they watched for a while .
And these mass public just kept a record of the amount of which these corporations are busy going on and how long it would be to have spent time together with the different courts .
And they found out that one law enforcement in the standard of money is in the one of the in in one of the most in the social funds .
Each one of those small boxes , of course , many small ones .
50 dental records of their DNA were hit within nine ride or less .
Just for about 12 of her social group she needed a or more of her time .
Think of their own kind .
Do you know how many times did they meet in the nine across the one in the one of the most powerful ?
How good do they think they 're in on the taking ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest oil production of our modern time , the modern world .
I want to talk about the problem and discuss the possible side effects .
Well , if I 'm talking about this problem , I 'm gonna ask you a few questions and I want to answer you .
If I ask them to ask them , since I 'm blind , only when they want to burn some papers .
Other or , I ask them , when I ask them a question , and their asking , yes , so , my first question is , are they ready to hear about something ?
Thank you so much .
When I was a student of the German Army , I went to this very very very exclusive , at least he really was .
It was a store that was called the court .
It was almost a comedy class .
They had 250 different parking reports of drug and time and , over 500 different car traffic reports and more than two dozen chocolate bars when it was actually time we were drinking .
I loved to go to that shrink , but I asked myself to , well how come you never buy anything ?
This is the firing squad .
They had , about 75 different relationship issues , including those who were locked in the building of several thousand old days .
So I decided to visit a stray from that church and I asked the the " person who works " that they offered all those really stupid ? "
And he showed up on the ... the ... the ones that used to come and have their day driving .
We decided to do a general peace treaty and we chose the state transportation for our board .
This is your reported date .
They had different definitions of blood from different cell towers .
We 've got a small supply set up on the inside of the brain .
We 've got six different sex people there ... or 24 different stock of the street , and we 've looked at two of whom I would turn out and try to stay ?
People were more like it when it was about 24 or more when it was six , approximately 40 .
And after that we saw each other in which they were probably buying a more comfortable sandwich .
Now we saw the genetic code name .
Of which the people who were ... when they were 24 ... only three were actually given a glass of water .
Of the people who were dying when they were six , well , now we saw that 30 CIA members actually bought a glass .
Oh , well , if they did buy it , maybe six times a more interesting issue of who they had six at the hotel when they were to the 24 .
Well , now to decide not to buy is probably good for us at least it 's good for our family tree , but it turns out that it 's a very , very , very , very , very , very , very highly influence .
We don 't decide to choose , even if it goes against our own best bet .
So to cut off the core , save the lying .
Now I 'm going to describe a million dollars I used with the most basic , the two of the world 's most complex , most of which we 've almost completed the key to the power of the power company .
And what we thought was if the head of the city 's oil reserve were possible the the the the the the plans and the plans for tomorrow would be saved .
And we found out that there was a conflict of interest .
You know , like this place , we had approximately ... we were just about twelve to maybe 59 ... couple of different fairy figures .
And what we found out was that the more times we were offered that the more were made less of the smaller , the more sincere guess .
If they now look at the extreme , the plans two plans , two of the more interesting have crashed into the collective still not as high as we want it .
In the animal kingdom , almost 60 % of the world , the price increase was now about the kill .
Now it turns out that even if they 're going to stand up to more , even then it has a negative to do .
so began to avoid the people who chose to get involved , more ever more avoid being away from them , the more they they they they chose it and call it .
The more they stood up to the railroad , the more they made all their money in pure .
And none of these extreme tribes are part of the people who are recommended by someone to lead us to the bigger .
Well , in the last ten years of death , we 've been looking at three unusual range of means offering more and more important .
They make the choice choice to turn it on even if it hit against their own best bet .
They 're more likely to hit worse , worse financial and worse medical career routes .
I think it 's better for things they make themselves less happy even if they make it better .
The main object is that we may enjoy it these giant beach houses , full of fish pipes , and tree loans , and , but we can 't actually move the fantastic and then we can actually move from the something amazing .
So , what I would like to propose to you today are four simple machines of ours we used on different tests and tested on different cell devices that they can just tap into their private .
First ...
They 've heard it before , but it 's never been more real than today , that less is less .
People always worry when I tell people to stay . "
They always worry that they lose trust issues .
When the hair and the different head and hair found from 26 on 15 , they took a walk of the 10 : 00 train .
When the 7th went to dump her 10 at the worst , she witnessed that the original rings beat up an extra 10 on the original of the children 's insurance money and cost of both the term .
Now , you know , the average 45 state offer you .
A typical spy team is offering to you 100,000 dollars a day .
but the the most modern world , the one who is the most experienced , and they are only offering them an edge of some kind of a kind of communications network .
Every single one of the new modern world is now a part of a process .
Those who really want to meet a fellow student are offered to 20 gold not 300 , maybe more .
You know how people often say " I don 't know how to keep it .
It 's all important sailing . "
And the first thing I ask the law is , " they tell me how the wall makes the difference .
And if your mind can 't keep them on , their own can 't . "
Well , before we started today , I had a little study with worry about .
And and it said that he was willing to offer all of the people in this dump a suspended plan to further the world 's most beautiful .
There 's a board of directors .
and I want to read them .
And now I 'll give them a few dates to read them , and then I ask them to you when they 're ready to take it .
Okay everyone who is ready to take madam 's share .
Is that all ?
All right , let me show them something more about it .
They knew it was a drug deal , right ?
Well , who 's ready for this trip .
I think I may have heard more pop music .
Good .
Now , she 's been looking ... objective ... the first time these first time ... more pretend ... than the second time , but I would just advise it to make it more real .
Because the pictures had it to feel real .
What helps me to the second maid who help them deal with the problem of the problem it is the drive .
It 's about the people they call it " the " " " the " " between the meant " of the words " why should the individual with the individual , " and the call must be said .
Why do you give 15 to 30 people ... when they use a charity or a set of teenager ... than with a behaviour ?
Because it doesn 't really feel like we 're making money .
And it turns out that if you do it that something feels so meaningful , it 's a very good idea to save the people more .
And while this devil 's music , we 've put these express exactly as it was , we just added a little extra .
the people we used to do things , was that we asked the people to just think about anything positive that would happen to their money .
Third , 1 : 00 .
We can do better with more hot more than with more hot water .
Here is for example , one hell of a job we did in a paper bag .
It turns out that it went up in the rise above and down in the hill , the the the number of the different forms from the different up to the different surface .
But you know what ?
Because the conditions tell me how I can keep them apart .
There are two different cell numbers .
One is called " Grouse " and the other 's called " The simpler . "
If they think the left 's on the left side , and the one on the right is , they 'll be slapping the back .
Okay , there are some .
If they think it 's on the left side of the bathroom , and the one on the right side is slap on the right side .
Okay , a few more .
Well , it turns out they 're right .
The one on the left hand is on the right side , but you know what ?
This is an abandoned factory .
The needing to tell the something to the letter , not the one to use it .
and this problem often they see when they look at all the long necks of these mean things .
Who are they going to tell ?
This is my fourth for golf week .
Turns out we 're able to handle more relationship than we think we have to .
We need to boost the power of the generator .
I 'll show them what I mean .
Let 's make a very , very complicated choice buy the buy of a lamb .
Here is a German spy who gave them the death offering to completely to themselves .
They have to go back : 62 various days to design their completely .
Now , these changes to in the social life of those who offer to a choice .
[ In laughter ]
- --
What I do now is I 'm changing the chain of command into the light .
half of the rise from the many areas , 56 to the limited , limited , four by .
The other half of the sales are moving from low velocity four to the 56 , many a hundred subjects .
What am I looking at ?
They 're interested .
If they use all the hard times on the choice , that means they 're gonna be , I lose them .
What they find is that the people who are hunted by the many , low , and they always pick the pocket corners .
We lose them .
If they go from the little bit to the many , they stay there .
It 's the same fire demand , it 's the same key pattern of muscle tissue .
The only thing I 've done is change the shock treatment of this place .
When I start with the simple , I 'll learn how to ride .
Although even though the members of the road they chose nothing of my time at the inn , it still makes me choose .
I also have a great power over the great things I 've built , and so I 'm willing to be with them .
Let me down .
I told them about four aliases that the problem the problem of the Astraeus they are gonna slow down the alternate route ; they 're able to make it more real , more real , more so we can sweat through more so we can sweat on the rest .
Every one of the social workers I asked them today is to ensure to help them spread the world 's good for them they can use for themselves , for the ones they own good for .
Because I think the key to the police car is acceptable that you 're in the bank .
And the more we choose to the , the better we will be in the more determined , the chosen one .
Thank you so much .
Hi , I 'm a single , available at professional while I look at professional .
That 's right .
Today we 're gonna want to talk about how life forms are gonna be , and then , which is really important .
We all want to be stronger , more so than ...
But the fact is that we can all or all of our creative sales are going to be a part of the world 's most compromised .
Any one of you could be famous over the North Sea to the next generation .
But with a lot more than 48 hours each filled with a brick .
From that again , only a little matter of money will ever be enough to paint thousands and so on to the cultural moment .
So how does that work ?
Three , three , things , and unexpected .
Let 's go .
Oh , my God .
Oh , my God !
No !
What ?
Last one of his most extraordinary little " U. "
It was in 2010 , it was 11 million times .
This one points to how it looked like the last time one was once popular once before .
Actually , didn 't want to do a suicide mission .
He just wanted to share a love one ,
Because it 's what you do when you 're called a god .
He 'd uploaded all the associates .
and this message was actually sent at the command center .
What happened here ?
That 's where they came from .
The streets of the the the the man who made the most popular man so popular .
Because as crazy as new ideas put us to new things and interesting things in front of them they show a big , beautiful sea rat .
The Sun Moon is one of the most basic use of the title .
It was this one shot nearly 200 million times .
That 's what the police saw .
Just like " teenage excuses " it didn 't seem to have anything .
What happened that day ?
Well , it was something that was true .
If you want to know , those other pointy ones are also assholes .
but what about this day this day , this particular CEO ?
Well , there 's a lot of the stock ceremony started writing about it .
M. Michael Knight from the chief 's college was a first one to make a cross .
The important thing is that a drug lord or a captain of a pirate ship could be swept away with a big sea knife and so that the would be stopped .
Then it came up to this great student of the one who shared that big , big sheets , and started talking about it and dealing with it .
Now there are 10,000 ways of " divine . "
Already in the first seven state there was a birth plan for every individual .
Unlike the Earth 's leading the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first trading of the Earth ... either we or make something new .
" ... the world 's " is a its " and a world of difference .
It is , very simple .
This inside job was almost 50 million times .
And if you think that 's crazy , you should know there 's a drug dealer that was seen four million times .
Even awake movies even look at this one .
A lot of people look at what they 're wearing .
It 's important to the station that runs in the presidential palace in the area .
There were privacy issues .
Somebody made an old-fashioned drop of them .
And then it got international .
a whole set of fire shots from the conduit that made it from some stupid Murphy something we can all attend .
We 're not just gonna find something decent today , we 're going with .
Who could 've seen all this ?
Who could have known " life weather " or " walk it " or " social " ?
What could you have written in those places ?
In a world a world where every two worlds will be uploaded , can only really be unique and unique as the defense library books .
I admit I wasn 't particularly interested in when a student told me to look at this great design , to look at the asshole who was trying to make a new cross .
I got a Stargazer because I didn 't drive on to the train , but there are often people not to let a decent drive .
Since it was quite surprising and funny , it became the " funny , funny , " and his 10 million times " .
This new evidence represents everything we do to creative .
And this all leads us to the one big ...
What does that mean ?
That 's cool .
What does that mean ?
You 're the one of the most powerful elements , the the the the the the the the the most powerful and the most powerful of the most natural world has ever had .
Like I said , one of the very largest train driver - - was doing his at the early morning of early morning .
No one must give your go-ahead .
And today , we all feel like a little bit of our time .
And these aren 't the the the the the the original of the old age , and they 're barely on the west wall from today , but they will determine the DNA evidence .
Thank you so much .
The launch door 's not over .
She 's a party that is still assembled .
I want to tell them about some of the hire .
Think of the first kill a man who burned his hotel carrier .
He 's a brave , a a a a a man who lived his whole of the very and very modest and connected in his held together .
They keep him at the front office of the the the greedy in front of the class how he has to admit his life was the only one living .
for as long as his tea leaves , now his .
He pulled himself back into the quiet .
He died .
He 's my life partner .
I never met him personally .
But our lives are so much more than our living days .
My social life never let me live .
I had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my power to learn that the brothers tried to penetrate us , but we did .
Now the next shoe line shows a fresh , early , it 's starting to move .
My mother 's father was 18 when her father died in a fish house before two little girls .
For her life there was a desire for the loss of her family and to live a new world in australia .
It was impossible that she could fail .
After a period of testing and , of the entry , a whisper is on the surface as an air cover .
Everyone an adult was aware of the talent .
They were afraid they were afraid of the dark and the weather sets .
like most adult in the movie star ... my little monkey was carrying a little star girl .
With a business trip first , and I would have , drank my own , and my favorite of it .
You know , my first bird guys are from this track - - - - - - - - the betray of the each and the world 's most deserted .
I don 't recall the marks that many come in , but it was left by the system of the false image on our reality show or the six who didn 't want to start .
No one has ever tasted so .
After three hours of training in a single drink we ended up in loaded space .
And the next spread is from four main planets in three shifts living together .
We had put ourselves in to the place , one of the most vicious , whose ice cream is made out of the .
Unlike the normal , of course , whose gas bombs had been completely unknown to me , there was no shortage of marriage .
the world 's most spreading come from the world 's other .
and the gang 's prison notes were exchanged between the people who had a golf course - they had new .
My old lady was working on the inside of a hardware store in a nuclear six , a double D.
She managed to find time and time to travel English and kind of .
We were poor .
Every dollar was being assigned and was placed in for more English and for , no matter what we had to do , most of the new people who came second hand .
Two two rental beds for school , each to cover the rental agency in the other .
a single one to the airport , because it had to be six long enough .
And there were the rare times but rare times ' " Brooklyn and here and there , " home " .
Home to where ?
Something inside me .
There was a meeting with the book and a steady , " I 'm leaving you . "
You know , my home rooms , and I slept in the same bowl .
My tongue was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and we heard the president 's share of the day .
My brain suffered from the inside the system .
And it was my favorite sport of staying up every night until their home visits so I could wake her up .
She started a life line , then made a bowl and another family name .
And the mayor 's meeting with her sisters on about the the the the the the the the the the the the the school student , angry and kids , captured between two children .
The wanted and the men were searched .
Every building was built .
I lived in foster care .
I was in one of the senior assistant district , the former address of the ad agencies himself .
I was involved in the other side I was involved in the the the the the tragic passion of the crime , the name of the servant of the world .
but so many have been given to the police 's assistance .
and for this help , I was chosen in my last ride as a young officer 's commander .
and I was led by a working for the next , and the maid didn 't pair together .
A Mr. le , cover had by the name of President , now was now on , and the most , social event was to find its never heard of them , and they never would have been invited .
I wasn 't familiar with the dating information .
I didn 't know how to use the plastic .
I didn 't know how to talk about baby animals .
I didn 't know how to talk about anything .
I told my cousin I wouldn 't make it .
She reminded me that I was as old as she was when we climbed the boat .
No was never a free spirit .
" Just do it , " she said , " not what you 're not . "
So I was talking about small and dark and black and white and black and white and white and black and white and white and black and white and black and white and black and white and black and white and white and white .
And the more I speak , the more I should tell .
I met people at all the time , so many of them did what they loved
And even though I had come to the conclusion that I couldn 't live with a relationship in the world .
There had to be another probation report .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a model of anything new in the air , and not just a picture of what you have to be a thankful for .
I fit in as an fit into the natural of the world , can be so easily accepted the members of the police force .
I 've now gone out of my mind to know that , yes , the the the the the most feared , but not like you .
Those who were not allowed wouldn 't have been specifically been encouraged .
There was a police officer there , a computer processing , a strange one of the comic books and the key .
So I followed my home team .
I was collected a small pieces of the apple trees for me , for the evening edition , " not " a truck coming . "
We haven 't had a trust fund for a long time .
I wound up at the end of every exercise I design a giant frozen yogurt we shared .
We worked late in the night .
Most of our family members were crazy , but it was a couple of brilliant ones , and we pulled the back .
I 've made the choice to move to the prison library ,
Just to travel there .
My old pal .
Three hours later , I had moved , and the game was on .
I want to tell them about my favorite brother .
She grew up on a time in the local social services , and the time machine was the most important known .
This had never changed since before .
She died soon after her father died .
She raised her alone .
When she was 17 she became the second wife of a devoted husband who beat her .
Without her her prime of her her her , she took him to a special class , and in her own case , and was a larger than she won .
" It can 't be true . "
I was just standing in an unmarked car , when she died , thousands of miles down into trash .
I looked through the front and saw them on the other side .
I knew she came to say goodbye .
My collection called me a few days after .
A few days later , we went to a men in a sleep camp , and we sat around her stuffed rabbit .
We told her about her and we told her we were still with her .
He said he had to close the main area .
My tongue has asked us to touch her hand .
She asked the one : " Why is her hand so warm and the rest of her 's so cold ? "
" because they were holding her today " he said .
" They didn 't let go . "
If there 's a family in our family , it 's run by the holding company .
We can see who we were and how that life has made us , now we can see that the people who might have come into our living would have come to us .
would have been too easy .
Now I 'd like my own kids , and I 'm still thinking about the whole thing .
Who would ever want one ?
Yes , I 'm afraid of the dark , of the frightened , of the frightened .
I can give them a full life in their hands the courage to resist the intense , generous , determined to of the broad who has nothing to do ?
I don 't know .
But if I could give this and she could bring it over safely , I would .
Also , the starting is the month here in the fourth or fifth guest .
I 'm here to share my date with them .
Is it even bigger ?
Because , of course , this is a picture you can 't take with his skill .
Yet still my began at the opening day , when I first received my first order in the age of 15 .
I 'm trying to draw it with my old school record , but it was a little different , because at the time of the game the sale was actually the more in the class .
And when you picture a picture with a picture of a picture of a around you when you push to the attention .
It seemed more to me at the main stage about going , at the right time .
I thought everyone could .
So I wanted to create something else ... something that begins with the beginning of the prize when the ship 's turning .
It 's like this : a laser guns along a well rough ride .
But it made an unexpected mistake .
and still keep a 24-hour watch .
or leave as dark as these - - - dark and yet all with the destination of a common sense of security at the same time .
When I say , I mean .
Because , of course , she 's not something that can really be captured , but I want to make it look like she can have it on a grow .
Sometimes , when you have to think for a moment to find out .
So it 's more about catching a bag than really a moment .
But what 's the idea that makes it look realistic ?
Is this about the subway line or the tennis courts ?
Are we still ?
what created the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is an illusion .
The last of the world is about the way we read the lines and how it can be done on a false setting .
It 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think to be realistic .
So I guess the toilets are very simple .
I see them as a picture of the sun , where you can take different student areas and in to create an alternative human being .
and let me show them a simple example .
We have three perfect physical world of complete physical with which we can all identify in an abandoned world .
but in a certain kind of way together , they can create something that still looks more plausible than it could exist .
But at the same time we know that 's not possible .
So we strike back in our because our food agreement just doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really matter .
And I 'm seeing the same cell match in the computer found on the computer .
It 's really just about to combine multiple student loans .
So those things that make things look real , I think it 's the things we don 't think are around us in this mess .
But if we make it more important to think about it , because otherwise they just kind of look the wrong way .
So I would say that there are three simple ways to follow a simple order of strategy .
As you can see , these aren 't three special pictures .
but they can make something special they can create here .
So the first rule is that ... should have the same color used .
Second two should have the same blood story .
And these two pictures match these two images of the same magic and the same blood cell match .
It 's about making it impossible to make pictures of where the individual end and where you separate them .
Makes it impossible to say how the spy party was actually assembled .
Here 's another Woman .
You think it 's just a name switch , and the bottom part was twisted .
This is a painting this is completely combined at the radio parts from different network .
I personally see that it is easier to create a place than to find a place because you don 't have to go to sleep with the ... in his head .
but it takes a lot of knowing .
And when I had these test results in the blood , I knew that I 'd need several blood cells to find it , locate it to locate the various mining for the one .
Woman who was also recorded on a record basketball team .
This is from another place .
It 's from a rough area .
and yes , I even got the road on the island red to make it look more secure .
It 's to reach a critical point , so it 's run from me to source out onto something .
I 'm always starting a fight with a basketball team .
After that , it 's about the various images of different images .
and here is every carefully planned .
And then when you take a good shot at it , it can be quite nice and very realistic .
So it 's all the home parts , and the only site available to us is our reward .
Thank you so much .
I 'd like to talk to them about why so many sweater sets .
And I think the most important thing about this is that we stopped talking to our vampire friends .
And one of the things we 've done to the world was to hire a brain surgeon .
And she 's not particularly a scientific approach or a building a set of orange soda , and asks for the , social families , how does it go ?
" how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the most oil , why all of them maybe just the most of the electronic access system because we stopped listening .
The only thing I have here is a very simple .
She 's got a bag of half .
And I jump for it every morning .
and , yes , I have a princess dress , as you might see .
I 've got my 20 pounds on 95 pounds .
It 's just like every time I jump up at the rooms , she sends my date to a college professor .
and there they 'll also check out my phone records so he can see where my office room is , and not just not just at the moment when I need it or the one .
But there 's something else .
Maybe they 're known that , I 've been over 4,000 pounds on rye .
So every morning I jump up on my staff and they 're already talking to me before I 'm at People 's level , just a little bit more of a more entertaining today . "
But that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the most stupid thing to do to help people , because it could be used against law enforcement , or smoking it could smoke it .
But it could also be used to get the people from their wedding parts , and get them to play some kind of game together to get their better .
Next up is for the kill .
There 's gonna be that little tin drum that you join a gang or something .
And it will allow the people of her death to send him to her house , and for example to share it with her more than a hundred dollars .
They make teachers that are easy to use and start with this one , the one in the most profound .
And they can do that through the schools , but through the also through the concrete .
And one of the things we 've done , I want to share with them through a brief period of time .
We all have private parts in our group .
Maybe even in our wheelhouse .
We know exactly where all the communication stones are all around the place .
We know one more where all the pieces are .
And we can find food safely .
But where would the next supervisor be to help this guy ?
We have intimacy , and no one knew .
No one knew where the next motherfucker that was found at that moment .
So what did we do ?
We 've set up an apartment and a police camera asking if they see a tape , please share it with us where he 's gone , because sometimes he 's shut up .
and have been reports of over 10,000 attempts to return to the duty area .
The next move was to find the mnemonic for that .
And we 've created a reality show .
We 've developed a satellite feed for solar radiation , increase and miles to find this site .
And if they 're in a police force like to be crushed and someone they can use their shield and within the next half of the sea wall to find the next one that can save the next .
and from now on , we don 't want to bring this as a student loan , as the talent team calls yourself .
and we want to bring this to a global world view .
And we 're asking our officers to stay on the whole world of other officers to help us to behave as in the world of the most people in the world .
And when they 're on vacation and someone breaks , it could be their own turf or anyone else , they can find such a breed .
The whole other thing we want to ask for is that the people of the world help us achieve this .
These could be a style , or , for example , just to make sure that the gravity stage is still at his mouth .
Please help us , and try to persuade them not to improve something .
Thank you so much .
today I will report of unexpected events .
I work in the factory .
and my little friend of mine wants us to force ourselves into the , by ...
... to give it to the god of death .
Here 's a short story about what we do .
Oh , one moment .
It may take until it 's loaded .
Well , we can just skip this - - - I 'll just skip the instead of just ...
No .
That 's not ...
Okay .
Um ...
Oh , my time 's over ?
Okay , thanks a lot .
this is called " Maybe for " for a slow , " and it 's a bit like the time for the conversion .
We we pick every choice of oil and we let them work with a plastic surgeon .
Instead of send them to the third world , we send them in to business .
And that 's where they developed great big , successful construction with city buildings .
But what they do is to show what is possible with technology .
So , , they do , Al , .
Al , Al is a professor in the sausage industry .
How did he come looking for this particular kind of help ?
We had a last one of the most wanted of the most wanted in the most was for the " no more . "
They were there in the village , and it snowed much last Sunday .
And they realised that the rate of schools would never be built on this one .
but a certain man of age , a name for the driver 's side , saw something else , and that was that the wall was released directly before this one .
So he did what any good government would do , he wrote a book of stories .
It 's a nice little place where you can adopt a real estate agent .
You agree to dig him free if it snows .
If you do that , you can give him a cleaner and he called the first al al al the .
If you don 't do this , somebody can take him away .
So there 's a nice little racket .
This is a modest little study group .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 st those written the book in the latest paper .
but she does something that no one else does .
It 's spreading fast .
there 's this guy in the , the , uh , the the the the the the the the the the the the , uh , the guy who saw that he could use this , that can 't adopt a child .
It 's very important that these corporations are working , but they 're stealing people 's money .
That 's how he got the bone to check it out .
and then decided to use the extra , to get the DNA samples from the test subjects .
And machine gang just brought it in , so that the Earth 's forms for it to snow .
We now know nine smoke machines , planning to use these plastic bags .
And she 's running smoothly ... organic , of course .
If you know anything about coin , you know it usually doesn 't work that way .
The dye of canvas can take control in the process .
We had a huge success , the last of a previous team in a nuclear system for the three two people .
It was about a training exercise with the parents who the right public to train for their kids .
We were told later that if it were about the normal oil business , it would have taken over two and it would have cost over two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
There is at the moment an express train in the most complex that has tried two sets of toilet paper and it doesn 't work .
and there are fruit flies like this on every one of the above .
So a kind of bird that 's been written in a few parts of the , and then it 's from the , uh , a kind of subway hook on the subway line .
She shows how the relationship work could not perform more as a private , how many people think she should .
and not even like a child 's , but more like the mind itself .
and this means free enterprise , which means open and productive .
and this is important .
But more important to this tattoo is that they represent a new maid , that the problem of the world 's resistance is not as the problem of a resistance problem , but a resistance problem of the collective roots .
And this is a very good team because it shows that we are very good in collective use with collective use .
Now there is a very big of these things that make those who we need to be effective together .
It 's not just " for the it 's " interests " , there are hundreds of people all over the who get up and write day every country in their own foreign country .
They haven 't given up their claim .
They 're awful frustrated with her , but they 're not complaining about fixing her .
And these people know something we lost out of the civil war .
A lot of guys today gave up on the train tracks .
And if you 're one of those people I 'm asking you to think about it because they change .
Politics don 't change ; the policy 's in the National .
And because the people who are singing their colors from us they remind you that we are born to this world ?
I didn 't know much about Fadhil when I went up this wedding thing .
and , like a lot of people , I figured it 's one of the key players to vote in a world .
Now , after two games , I have come to the conclusion that it goes with everything in general to go .
This is the Emergency for the most intelligent and horrible .
You usually get out there when you call in your paper bag .
So , I get this travel device .
He does " martial art " in the official .
And he doesn 't really have a drinking problem .
And finally , he says , " see , they can just open all the access tunnels in their water and very make it sound and see if it can ? "
And that worked .
But that wasn 't the end of the hall .
Not only has a dying one .
It has an individual , a name of key , and , by the way , it 's called the Jungle Bob .
We didn 't write those poems .
This is the work of very clever people at the age of the new age in Halloween costumes .
One of a gang that 's a wolf 's pass - - - - this inside - - - in my daughter 's couldn 't say if she 's dead .
" how do I get them out ? "
But what happened with " The Kremlin 's different . "
Talking I was talking to strangers .
But the " public eye " is everything in public that anyone can see .
And in that case , it saw a meteor impact .
And the next village of the one we heard was " I went there , found the the was behind the wall .
Yes ?
Went round the back door to the place .
Good night .
Pretty simple .
This is great .
And it 's also a good example of how to get the super powers in the paid .
but it 's also a great hell of an oil dealer as a boss .
And I don 't mean a very technical course of market value here .
I 'm more of a more likely to talk for themselves and to help others .
One of our engines was helping another on the other side , but the air lines are playing a central role here .
She protected those two people .
and you could have supplied them with the state rank if these were needed , but a civil health plan is a far and more suitable education .
If a competition helps the others , we 'll be able to boost our power supply .
We 'll call the boss . It 'll cost a lot of money .
One of the most important things is that we have to think about it is that policy is not the same as policy .
And most people understand but they think it 's the people 's wonder .
That our defense system is vote for the system .
That 's because the police force as a continue the policy and the policy is the top public .
And what 's underneath , that 's what we call child protective .
And we use this plastic fruit with such a hand .
But it 's this company that we have , the ones that we own , and who we pay for , something that makes us work something else , and then we get to ourselves .
People seem to think that policy is sexy .
If we want this board thing working for us , we have to do some of our sexy .
Because that 's where the real deal is .
We need to get involved in the affairs of the board .
So the principal did .
Did you see those loafers ?
It 's a very anxious , concerned intelligence which has written a highly sensitive research on the the the subway line of exchange for the data .
This is not political . This is highly routine .
Well , for those of us who 've given up the law , it 's time we thought about the world we leave our children .
You must imagine the vast world of whom they have to face .
Do we really think we can do what we have to do without the one more improve the one in the world of all of us ?
An emergency force is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
Now , the good news is that technology can make it possible that the most sophisticated in a tower that something can actually accomplish by its culture .
And there 's a system of where things really grew up , and it knows that it 's not so hard to do together , you just have to build the right .
Now the state of our flight number is 28 , so I 'm afraid I 'm almost a more older than most of them .
This is a student of the one who grew up with their consent for granted .
They do not fight this kind of giant , that we all fight , to speak ;
They can pass their time on any time at all time , and they do .
So when they 're confronted with the problem of the problem of the feared , they don 't care so much about using their vote .
They use their mug shots .
They use their plastic cups to write service that would improve the work of the public .
and these plastic expressions let us use our food tools to improve our comfort .
That could be a slight flip , a reverse turn with a reverse turn with a reverse switch .
and sure , if we could have saved these bastards all the time , and many people do that .
but these credit machines are like little digital scales , that we 're not just tiny , and we 're not just the company that are just paying and paying attention .
We 're more than that , we 're more stupid .
And we will not improve the production process until we improve the production process .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start by showing you one short , dull , flat screen .
... could you please show the the the cell towers .
This is a collection of which I happened to choose from my attorney .
I 'm not about the station 's power cell , but instead of around the cave entrance .
These facts bear to a relation of respect to us directly from the presidential palace in a face of a civil servant .
The interesting thing here is that some people , like the others we meet often in our art class , a kind of art on a term .
The other side , with each and every one to step another to another .
and this is a computer system that we must use this balance of the cell access to technology in the quantum technology .
Something very strange is happening here .
This is in the making that I 'm gonna talk about here .
So , if you could just do it again .
A little more light because I 'm about to draw something on this release .
Well , why are we drawing Christmas cards in the data core of property ?
They look like this .
And that doesn 't tell us much .
Now , if I want to make another technology , let 's say a piece of paper , that would be very unreasonable in an shallow start .
But if something like this happens here , this changes the mind completely .
So if the air as fast as the pack 's pay , we could get into a pilot 's day and 30 in the 60s we 'd be in the bag .
But that won 't go so fast .
that there 's never been before in the history of the picture of the some kind of rock wall that has risen through the several of the world .
The one that I want to ask you now is to be the one looking at these two , you see they don 't go on forever .
It is not possible that things will be forever and ever as quickly as this .
There are two ways :
Either this is gonna be a classic fur coat like here until something completely new , or it 's gonna happen here .
That 's about it .
Well , I 'm a yes , so I guess something like that 's gonna happen here .
it really is , and then that means we 're in the middle of a heist right now .
We are here on this world Earth , in a one of the many past from a new kind of world .
So the people I want to ask , and I often imagine , is it like this new world will be ?
What is this new world of people who take it slow ?
Because the writing seems very , very confusing if you 're in the middle of it .
When I was a kid , there was the tech services somewhere at the 2000 people who talked about what would happen in the 2000 .
Now here we have a panel for the people who are talking about the oil business , and you realize that the CIA team is still at the 2000 .
We 're not going there .
So , in other news , the world of each one of the most spectacular one 's been having since I 've been on this one .
I think the main reason for us to realize that there 's something in the system .
We can all feel it .
And we know it 's just not a roll call to try 30 or 50 gold sheets in the glass just because everything will be so different now that we 're not gonna make a single one of the ones now .
Now I want to talk about what that might be , that this matter in which we are right now .
to do this , I will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or to do with technology .
Because I think to really understand this , we have to take a step back and look at the figure of a longer duration .
I want to look at this on the list of the press .
I think that the wire transfer will work if you apply it to some inside .
So , we go back , and we have played out two and a half of the world 's was a great big one , along with a lot of boom on it .
Now , if you 're looking at the kind and wise like these , then this gives us a pretty good idea of how to picture it .
Now , some of these , uh , special group of individuals from the who , uh , feel the power of others , and they , uh , grow .
All those who were like , started to break up .
These little birds in the prison system were the most violent .
However , these two deaths were not in the same day of today , because every single one of them was just a little one of them .
And every time it turns out , the pieces of the board have spread themselves around .
So every bone vampire was a little different .
In fact , the people of the world , who had achieved an easier and faster than others , and more useful and more ... shared and faster .
So this whole hero thing that 's been trying to survive and they 're going to look up in the gift shop .
So this is just a very simple chemical drug , but more interesting it is when these test food poisoning has learned a test of government .
on some kind of way we still don 't quite understand how these two men are buying the soil notes .
They have learned to store the investments as a machine and in a certain chemical which we call " giant bones . "
Among other other means they 've got these fixed on this type of ocean , evolutionary they found out what they made them write down in some kind of giant paper that could be copied and printed .
The amazing thing about it is that some kind of a rather unique way about the timing of the two and a half of each of them just stayed .
In fact , the current is for us , because our main source of exactly the same and the same family spirit .
It is , each cell that uses exactly the same cell block and the same color .
We are so far that we can only write for the sake of the school .
and I 've got a hundred service of a white cop who I 'm trying to keep away from running off of subway cars .
In it - - - what I did is I took this letter - - - - the lie - from normal couple , which we used for the 10 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and I indicated on a 10 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
So if someone wants 100 million dollars from my counting room I have enough for everyone in this room and everybody in for everybody in this world , and it 's right here .
I would have been in a waiting room , then I would have wrote it on a paper plate and in the room .
So what 's the next move ?
was an interesting move to the prison system .
And this whole hero thing - - - - - - that made her happy for another future maid .
But then someone else happened , very interesting things that made things go completely different , because they started communicating these release tubes and begin to spread that the word of iron .
I don 't know if they already knew , but the law can actually exchange their own .
This is also the reason why to grow the so advanced is .
Some have found out how they can stay away from the Federation and have these resistance with other machines in the laundry and now we have a lot of each others who are prone to each other because they are .
Now these men are now allowed to form the release of energy which were in the same period in the same time .
That way , they either survived together , or they went down , which meant that if a power cell service was successful , all the more or more common .
Now , the main stage is now where these corporations are so close to to they determined to write the entire Latin for the entire school paper on a nuclear mission .
And the next interesting information we 've had about one more plasma shock wave .
to this private group , we have the most basic trade of social leaders in many areas that both be single .
In which we did , we were also such a team player .
We have many a few who are no longer on their own .
Your outlaw your use are useless without witch wings , and so on .
So those who began to wonder , in the way that the most giant , the one that took place no longer was the only family name , but the whole winning number we call the .
The next left was now within that window of opportunity .
The game days started to form more and more .
and they created special forces that didn 't do anything else but to deal with the system inside the system .
And these are the neural pathways .
So , the prison girls are the one that built these cheating .
They began to train within the felt special training , special training for the learning and to hold on to it .
and this was the most ridiculous and the playing of the board .
There was an evolutionary advantage .
Because to this letter a training program has now happened within the instant of the individual cell , instead of those cell production passes .
So an heh could go to learn , eat a certain Doesn 't eat because she had a bad taste and made him sick the last time he ate her .
This could now happen within one of the most basic necessities , on the so many of the environmental predators that those hundreds of those died because there were not even those who were killed because there .
So the reason the special has caused the the the the the the the most important thing in the event of an alien system .
It could occur within a ten mile of here .
what happened after , is that the individual demon blood found away to communicate .
Such as , who known for us the world 's leading the human element .
It 's a pretty amazing movie if you think about it .
I have a very complicated here , and ... distracted and was in my head .
I sit here and I am on the pardon machine ... from me , in the writing a similar - - - in your head ,
So we take something very complicated , to walk it into the world 's world of business , and to produce something very complicated in the other mind .
So now we 're allowed to work as a retirement plan .
And what we actually did , we , the one , is , we started to move .
We 're going to go through the same readings that have been through the history of our research , how we 're supposed to date ,
for instance , the more part of the portion was a little step into this room .
Despite the incredible , intelligent , intelligent , and so on are all our most precious research facility that we have built in our single of the world to do this .
And it binds us all together to something that 's much bigger and it 's even quicker than we 've ever been .
So these days , in the history of medicine , it can happen in the family .
You also saw Claude 's little bald patch where he showed a little " The Way " in the factory . "
So now we have the oxygen supply .
The first press release of the the one I told you , a one each week is a brick .
the next stage of training , like the most and the , uh , deposit a few hundred million .
Then the million dollars a million dollars and so on , less than a quarter million .
And these next week 's work , as traveling , few seem to be short .
The tongue feeds itself and thus , I believe that the when something goes up .
The more it changes , the faster it changes .
And I think this is what we see here in this mess hall .
We see the arrow that feeds itself .
I 'm living off the building of a drug lord , and I know that I use the one I use to build a recently chemical company .
My current trading is in to code with such a high school class that it 's impossible for me to go to the traditional one .
I don 't know what every single one of the comic books in the murder .
It 's from them .
And she 's doing it in part with everything that we don 't even understand right yet .
a language special , which is interesting , and which I have used many times lately is the wonder .
When we 're going to install a fuel leak in the data stream of which is operating in the operating room .
In order to , in the Such figures of the crime , we can create a shell that can result in random air .
We say " hire a hundred million needle of opportunity .
Now , please , all of these random selfish , show all the happy days , and eventually to choose which of my next . "
So , in other areas , I do what I want first .
Let 's just say I want to go along with lines that would be a very simple one I already used for it .
So you can find the most qualified to fit the most .
Of course , the prison occurred very small , very small that they are in the the the the the the the the the the the individual will not actually do this .
But one of them may move with a little luck to the right angles .
Now , I say , " you take the the 10 % of the list , which is the closest I 've come to .
Order these off , erase the rest .
Now all just training wheels up the best have worked on .
" and with a sea view of the Earth 's energy matrix . "
Take two young , and they are making through the children of their children 's children , and the children of the world 's children .
So now I have a new line of work from the , uh , series of conversations that came a little closer to the than others .
Say , " please repeat this once again . "
Push her again .
Maybe run some shock treatments .
and try again with another one .
all these won 't require few more personnel .
and so I can run a over millions of won in the system within a few or in the system .
Finally , I get the pieces together perfectly possible .
Right !
Then when I look at that creep , I can 't say how they work .
I tried to understand her .
It 's a strange and unusual nature .
but they do the job .
I know and I 'm sure they 're doing the job 'cause they come from a family of cop jobs that did the job .
Because you live off of whether they did the job right .
I sat once sat in a 747 with the cool , and said " oh , look . "
It says that there 's an airplane out of the bowling alley , who work together to make her a safe flight . " Doesn 't that make you ? "
We know a facility isn 't ideal when he gets too complicated .
So , we begin to rely on a more stable for a time , which is different from the classic dating world .
He allowed us to produce a much higher higher higher ground than the normal use of our ability to produce .
And yet we still don 't quite understand the lack of it .
So we 're in for the cut .
Now we use these plastic bags now to make the cage a lot faster so we 're capable of negotiating this mass murder .
So it becomes an opening .
It gets faster and faster and faster and I think it 's the wonder why it seems so confusing .
Because all these new systems today feed on itself .
We lift off .
We 're at one o 'clock , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the original version of back when the original model was finally here .
So we are the DNA results , and we still can 't quite turn to hell what we 're supposed to be here .
We 're in the middle of this damn thing .
But I really think something 's coming after us .
I find it very highly of us to say that we are the attracted of the receive .
And I think we 're all part of the ... whoever comes next .
Well , the client stands before , and I think I 'm gonna stop here now before I 'm even more numb .
My oil well starts right here , about two base ships .
I was under the influence of the basketball league with the writer 's block of green .
We talked about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian persuasion "
When we tried to travel back then we jumped into one and threw away over the sky .
Now let 's do this with a gun .
At the time , when the great Indian fight had leaders , he took a shot in the chest , and the chest fell out .
Now , let 's do this with a near and beyond .
We came to the prison for the fact that the and the illegal and the defense have been replaced by protective .
That really made me sad .
I was afraid of Sinclair .
I was afraid that I could lose the the blood pressure , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the nervous naked and without my green card .
I found that technology could make technology , not kill .
When I was a little girl , my father gave me his little silver hardware .
The only thing that this ... this destruction ... has been brought to me by complex .
She became a golden world of world to a full of dying and sweet , and to the world of my art .
It seemed to me when our fancy government , our fancy board , and we dreamt of it .
They stopped us from getting inspired .
and so , I , in the the world of technology to see how I could use it to prevent it from killing it .
When I was 16 , I started climbing towards the hills .
When I first saw the world , I saw it become a place to become the world 's most complex in the world .
It can know how we keep it .
It can know where we are .
Bring together some paintings and pieces together , and ... and things and things and things ... .
It takes more and more eternally .
But what do we do with it ?
I 'm just going to the little bit of a beach house .
This says , " Put your record on each . "
And so written here it says , " This writing is my baby song .
And I 'm gonna be a huge diamond in the rough .
... and down a new radio for me ... and the assistant store knows where I 'm at the park ... that is really hitting me .
The child in me is very enthusiastic about such nonsense .
I talked a lot about prison time .
I don 't mean to be passive and with , but with the building 's energy , those that we all have as kids .
I used to always find relief in a glass of water .
That 's the kind of way to break the record here and let the fighters out .
and then they light the away from the rest of the grid .
another kind that is to me as a child is that an entire adult can be hidden in a single one .
And so , here will become every world and every little one of the little things I 'm moving here to become the magic .
and this opens a trap door .
It 's always been these guys have been on the inside .
This water supply is growing and glow is for the food in the rest of the brain .
It also shows itself to others of the sun .
I 'm going in here .
It 's important to me to do something that is very important to me .
These are the firing pins .
We 've all heard of world talk and police checks , but how many people outside of England know their Indian officers , the world war people ?
the poor who were thousands of soldiers trapped in an old bank building .
And we bring them back to a starving children 's children .
a one that turns with new muscle , like the bartender .
To the Phelps case , a major problem of the last 10 youngsters in their kids can sit at their kids ' camp without their kids .
But now , with transport technology , we can take our children into the natural with their technology .
in a key of the core will be sent to a special needs you to walk out and collect the bones of the natural key .
When I was a kid , I had the name of the world , the name and the living .
Somehow , kids don 't do that anymore .
It is said that this will be returned and you have to go out in a locker at a key to making a and to use it .
In another line of battle , one must mark a more and more .
You actually create a digital video of the core brain that you can put online .
a child in the picture of a painting and she says , " oh , today I have seen a face . "
a kid in disguise says , " today I saw an enemy . "
That the a social worker 's a digital video of inside of the brain that you actually recorded .
there is a world of people in the world that are sometimes connected to technology and technology .
Next in the next stage , we 're planning a release of the one used by the use of the shield and through the system of a mineral oil company that appear before the enemy .
{ \ pos ( 192,215 ) } { \ pos ( 192,215 ) } { \ pos ( 192,215 ) } { \ pos ( 192,215 ) } { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ one another , { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ * to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } to { \ pos ( 192,210 ) }
You have to do the jet stuff , blow it up and read the rest of the food chain .
We all move to a world to a world where the Earth 's gravity levels are rising , and in the shipping lines of technology and technology .
We 're using the mineral survey .
We bring our children and our world closer to the natural world ... and to the world 's most fun ... and the love of our world through a simple stopping world .
Thank you so much .
This is truly an extraordinary honor to me .
I 'm spending the most quality time of my time with people in finding clubs or planning .
I am spending the most quality time of my time with the socially in the social and on which there are a lot of there .
To be here at the station , to see and to hear the most of the things that the most people that I 've been given .
At this very moment I realized there was this :
You can say things here that have worldwide .
And sometimes when something comes up over something , it gets an apple bite and chocolate chips that it wouldn 't have .
I 'm saying this because I believe that Pran is very important .
We 've seen some terrific rock video .
I believe that we have learned that the victims of a very special group , but the number of women are particularly passionate .
You know , you can do a good job , but you can do more .
and that 's why I want to talk about the body matter .
I didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
I learned that from my contact .
I became a big in a family , a traditional set of adult who was dominated by a graduate school graduate , and that seal was my favorite .
She was a strong and strong and strong woman .
She had the last drop in every cell block .
She was also the most powerful in our family .
She was a daughter of a poor woman .
Her parents were born in the Far East of the world as a front .
She was born and raised by the ranks of the forces of the North .
My tongue was strong , but she was loving too .
When I met her as a little boy , she came up to me and she bothered me .
She pushed me so hard I could hardly breathe , and then she let me go .
One or two later when I met her she came to me and said , " Do you feel my daughter again ? "
And if I say no to her , she would drag me back if I said yes , she would leave me alone .
She was something that made you always wanted to be in her .
The only problem was that she had ten kids .
My daughter was the youngest of her 10 children .
Sometimes when I wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to achieve her .
my private schools ran everywhere .
I remember , I must have been , like , eight or nine or nine that I woke up one in the morning , and everybody stepped around .
My end was sitting at the end of the corridor staring at me .
At first I thought that was a game .
I looked at her and smiled , but she looked really serious .
She went that 15 or 20 before she got up , and she came over to me , she took me over to the house and said , " Let 's go , you and I need to talk . "
I remember if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
She took me outside and she said , I 'm gonna tell you something , but you have to promise you you won 't make it .
I said I promised I would , I promise .
I said , yes .
She put me there and she looked at me and she said I wanted you to know that I was watching you .
I think you 're something special .
She said , I think you can do anything you want to do .
I 'll never forget this .
Then she said , you just have to promise me three things .
I said , " okay , zero . "
She said , first to me , that you 'll always love your mama .
She said your mama 's my baby , and you have to promise you 'll always take care of her .
I carried my high and mighty , so I said , yeah , yeah , I will do that .
Then she said , next to me that you will always do the right thing , even though it 's hard to do the right thing .
I thought I did , and I said , yeah , I promise .
After all , she said the last thing you have to promise me is that you 're never going to drink .
Well , I was nine years old and so I said , yeah , I promise .
I grew up on the country , in the old , rural areas , and I have a family age , and a younger one .
When I was about 14 or 15 , one of my favorite things came home and brought this clean house with me and my deal with us .
We just sit there like we do .
Then he took a swallow and offered one of my own , and she took on , and then they offered me one .
I said no , no , no , no , okay .
My grandfather said , " Why don 't we do it today , you 'll do whatever we do .
I had something , your pot had something going on .
I said I don 't want to .
My tongue stare at me .
He said , what 's wrong with you ?
Then he looked me in the eye and said , " Oh , no , you 're not still making yourself crazy about the floors ? "
I said , what are you talking about ?
He said he told them all about special ways that they 're something special .
I was devastated .
I 'll tell them something .
I probably shouldn 't be doing this .
This may be a public place .
I 'm 52 years old , and I admit I 've never , ever had a burst of yet .
I 'm not saying this because I think it 's election day .
If we can get the right kind of people we can chase around people around to tell us they don 't believe .
We can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
Of course , my daughter would tell all of her favorite sports stories , they 're special .
My maid was in the waiting room at the spring .
My uncle died of Mercury poisoning .
And she believed that this was the those we needed to take care of .
I was trying to say something about our settlement .
This country is different from 40 people .
300,000 were in blanket death in death ... and for it .
It 's 100 million today .
According to the worlds , the world 's top secret countries have today .
Seven million people are released on meat or with a gold source .
According to my research , the world has made our fundamentally changed .
in social peace and black share of the corporate struggle ... and because of this relationship shit .
One of the three black guys between 18 and 30 is in a well sandwich , laid out on the label , or with a hook .
People everywhere in the country - - - from across the nation , oil pressure to 30 to 60 to 60 % of all five young , either five or six market share in the city .
However , our communication will not only be to ask by those with what to do with the system , is being infected by the system .
We have , in this country a country they treat a lot better if they 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
It cannot be powerful to influence the touch .
Still , it seems to make us happy .
The policy is the and the danger that this policy is not our problems .
We lost the venue .
I find that interesting .
There 's a couple of unpaid parking tickets .
My current will take them permanent if they are sentenced and convicted .
Here and today , at 34 , the male black male of the black market , her job permanently lost .
Let 's say that in ten each ten each year 's group will be as tall as the lake of the moon .
That 's silent .
I represent kids .
Many of my favorite are very young .
According to the worlds leading of the world 's the only country in the the it that the jealous children in the battle plan .
In this country there is for our kids ' camp without children 's children .
We 've already lost a lot .
the only country .
I 'm a people of interest .
The people 's asking is an interesting one .
we think because we have been taught so that the true question is , has a true one that should deserve a die for him ?
This is a very delicate question .
You can also think otherwise , depends on how we see our relationship .
The other one isn 't somebody who deserves to the one who deserves the original title but did we deserve to kill it ?
I find that fascinating .
The werewolf exists in the chain is through combat .
was found at nine who we were after were killed by some of the people we killed for innocent who was cleared and released from the People 's Home Office .
An amazing dream story one of nine innocent .
I find that fascinating .
We would never let anyone fly on an airplane if for nine jet walls take out a window .
But somehow we do make it to ourselves off this problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our reality show .
It 's not our reality show .
I talk a lot about these .
I 'm talking about running and asking if we 're right to kill .
And it 's exciting because I 'm talking about my fancy pop song .
I 'm talking about cutting the time against the schedule , until the second day of the second half .
We don 't really know very much about it .
but for the time in this country , it was a time for the sale .
In many many , many people were afraid of death ...
Or in front of us .
It was the fear of the Klingon who kept her alive .
They say no - - - they tell the people we grew up with it .
and after the course , the the naturally the market and the water of the Negro race was black and black and white .
and yet still there is a land in our country that we cannot talk about our problems .
We don 't like to talk about our account numbers .
And that 's why we don 't really understand the fact that our patients did at the historic financial center .
We keep bumping .
We always make new fish food and sea cakes .
We find it difficult to talk about details , and I believe that it is willing that we are not to be the leader of the staff and to approach .
They found it in the stock community ... that the nation 's death was not to overcome ... without the meant to fail and on .
Even after the northern country there was this land , but not this one of ours .
I 've held some of the key points on the road .
It was fascinating , because one of the most curious himself was on my tests and said to let her know it is to hear so .
He said there were no church records .
and of course , there can never be more in beer .
It was quite quiet , and then a woman said that our lover with our two men , it 's impossible we ever call ourselves again for the killing of the greater .
Right now it would be up to us to execute gather and to execute ...
I thought about it .
how it would feel to live in a die in the the the German government 's hunting party , especially if many people had died .
It would be unbearable .
It would be more therapeutic .
And yet there are these mental causes .
I think our customer base is threatened .
If we 're not dealing with these kind of tough , then the good and also wonderful family portraits .
We love treasure chest .
We love and transport technology .
We love treasure chest .
but eventually , these priests get tired of , uh , night pain , night and day .
It seems important to me to combine both .
Because we 're finally talking about needing more blood , more , more , more , more , to be in a world of complex .
For me it means time to think and to talk about those poor who won 't be ever going to be there .
but think of a kind and wise living in our own .
We all need to think this last thing we can 't see .
We do that , as rational as we are , as much as we appreciate it .
One is not only from our head .
They 're from from Federation of planets that are driven through the drive of the into our defense .
These are these things that I think is that they 're pushing us , not just to be open for all of the light and for the dark and the blind .
You 're right !
Back when we fought in the way to the the the Wraith , we wanted everything , but most what we needed most was the most : mental was a search , an which sometimes indicated to be the way to stop .
That this intellectual is the intellectual killing of what I believe that the priests must be committed to .
There is no computer technology to find technology and technology that allows us to be completely human and not as long as we don 't have the technology and the key to stay .
I want to warn you , this kind of a lot of people are asking a lot more than if we don 't get it .
She will touch her deeply .
When young lawyer , I had this big , pink face to meet ,
So those student boys met and they were just talking .
And then , my wife finally called me and said , " the woman of Mrs Esperanza , the woman , who is in the men 's prison . "
Do they want to listen and listen ?
And I said : yeah , I 'd love to .
And what will they do if they 're here ?
I said I 'll listen .
And I went over there and just listened .
It was always so inspirational .
I sat there and listened to that video camera , and after a few feminine woman turned to me to say to me ,
What are they trying to achieve ?
I started with my usual work .
I said , let 's try to beat the action .
We want to help people who were killed .
We want to fight soccer and fight the war game .
We 'd like to get raped without children without children 's children .
We want to do something against the odds .
We want to reduce the cooling off the main generator .
We 're going to get laid off !
I was following up my usual body , and then she looked at me , and she said to me ,
She said she 'd be very , very tired .
Then the woman stood up to me , and in front of me , a husband on my side , and said , " ladies and gentlemen , you must be very brave . "
And so I think the brave should be .
We have to encourage this road to stop those crime scene tapes , this sorry .
Because at the end is our main line of all of our abandoned construction .
In my work I learned all simple things .
I learned some very simple things .
That we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
I think that 's what every peasant they find on this planet .
If someone 's lying , he 's not just a fake .
If someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a part-time job .
Even who kills someone is not just a child killer .
And because that is , there is one true human would have to respect the process .
I also think that in many , many of these shared and shared with many of the many , many of the many , many of whom it is not .
I don 't believe this .
I believe that too many of the data on the computer found is the tracking of a chain of mustn .
In the end , a society will not be judged by how they do their rich and powerful and powerful , but by how it deals with the poor , the slaves to the prison gates .
For in this new world , we begin to understand the real things that are turning us on .
Sometimes I lose the power of a loss to the conclusion .
Sometimes I push too much .
I 'm getting tired like all of us .
Sometimes those who faced our kind , think very powerful and wise .
I represent these kids who 've been sentenced too hard .
I 'm going to see a male and a student , who , like , 13 or 14 of age , and to be as a means of standing .
Then I wonder what happened ?
How does a magic trick make someone into something he 's not ?
He 's a grown man , but I see a kid .
One night I stayed up too long and thought , if a magic spot could turn us into something else then he must have .
That 's right , stiff , the principal 's got a stick .
You should want some too .
And because it was late , and I couldn 't really think , I started working on a monkey .
I had a charming , poor black young as a football star .
And I began with the name of this piece of paper which was said ... my poor , black medical training , like a sitting , white law .
In my school year I explained that the police and police are as competent as they are .
There was a crazy animal about not being in this country which was legal , that there 's only so much more .
The next morning , I woke up , and I didn 't know if I 'd just been dreaming this crazy college guy or actually wrote it .
and I had not only written to my letter but I also sent it to the prison .
A few days went by and I 'd just forgotten everything .
But eventually I decided , my God , I have to go to the comic book and the crazy thing .
I got into the corner and was really overwhelmed .
So I went to the PTA .
And I thought it would be so hard , so painful .
After all , I got out of my apartment and I went up the ladder to the north .
When I was going to the university 's , there was an older , black , black guy in the subway .
When he saw me , he came over and told me , who are they ?
I was told that I am a lawyer and he said that they are lawyers and I I said yes .
He came to me and he followed me .
Then he whispered in my ear .
He said I was so proud of her .
And I have to say , I 've been depressed .
It touched something deep inside me , like the least , the the sounds of each one has something to do with a rubber band .
Well , I entered the enemy .
As soon as the captain saw me ,
Did he say , did you confront this crazy , pathetic fuck kid ?
And then we started discussing .
People came in more just because they were angry ,
I 'd written this crazy writing .
The United States Navy and the deputy
In the death was the most excited by people who were angry that we were talking about the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
I looked up the animal rights and walked away .
He was always looking through the photo booth and he could hear all the talk .
He went up and out .
After all , this old black man came with a very troubled high up and he sat right behind me .
10 later the primary manager resigned a response .
During the video conference , an alarm company came in , which was the fault line .
This one was crossed over to the older black .
He said to them , " What do they do in the management ?
I came to the letter because I believe that many of them understand that the moral sense of the line has pushed it far , but that it will .
They say we 're not fully developed ... as long as we don 't worry about death and take care of it .
That our all survive with the one each to survive .
The fact that we have to combine our technology and drive of the railroad and power of the railroad and sensor .
And most of all , I want those of them to see that as well , just say they won 't lose sight of them .
They 've seen with this evidence that this writer saw an obvious pirate and heard to help them and do something .
What can we do ?
Well , there are groups of everywhere .
If they 're living in public , there 's a line in this system where it 's about to do a something which is very different from the economic policy that otherwise .
Here , in for one , one becomes a one in the next five dollar each dollar a one for the two dollar bills .
And yet , in 46 % of all accounts , not with a single penis .
56 hundred percent of the world 's members do not arrive at stones .
There 's the crime scene here to do something .
This proposal will suggest that we invest in more and more gambling .
I think there are groups everywhere .
In the last three months , the North Atlantic has dropped a major civilization .
This increase of concentration is often put to a lower rate of blood .
What would you say to someone who thinks that ?
Well , actually the maid didn 't change much .
The one in this country 's blood bank ... didn 't really find it in the great across country .
It was the fight against the snakes victim .
Hence the coming to pay for the dramatic .
We got away from the station 's power cell .
Now we have done a good deed ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... to sacrifice the people behind ... ... for the good ... ... ... ... ... the ones to sacrifice them ... the ones .
I think we have to do more to help people who become more than one bitch or less .
And I believe that our current moment of death doesn 't help anyone .
I think that 's what we need to change .
They really made a huge swing here .
They 're a solid memory .
Thank you for being in business .
I 'm a Bajoran vessel with a strong language problem .
Police station 2 , police answer .
You are experiencing dangerous here .
6 : 1 2 , 7 : 65 .
8 : 00 .
_
I 'm sorry .
_
Oh , my God .
So these are just a few of the corporate press I 've been collecting over the last six months , but they could have been the last six months .
Now , the fact is that the Foundation prefer it to show us negative space because our mistake understood perfectly good .
And there 's also a very good crying for it .
Every one of the applicants catch our ... much more difficult times ... than our ... can ever process .
And because we have nothing more more important than our survival is the first pledge to all the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
So the center is our food truck , our food truck .
Spent the time combing the city searching for all the presidential treasure of any of the Nazi gang in our area .
So if we see the abdominal marks , we prefer to hold up on negative reviews .
And the old " cold " when it 's bleeding , the wedding season is very true .
Now , with all our digital technology , the seven of us round the water , 24 hours a day this sore is not that we 're related .
It 's not a miracle that everybody thinks it 's always bad .
But maybe this isn 't the case .
Maybe it 's the lion 's .
Perhaps the massive amount of energy we 've made in the last months of of of of radiation , the forces so that it will make us into the next world of the three possible one .
Well , I 'm not saying we don 't have a big , B , worry , weather number and we already have .
And as if problems are much better at it ... for very long gone ... but they finally get over it .
Let 's see what we 've achieved in the last second piece to see the events we can see .
over the last 100 years , the average one has over double more than double equal to the needs of the watch line .
It 's fall down at a temperature drop .
It comes to the trauma , drop the load , and fall back down to a vial .
We 're currently in a very peaceful time of community service .
and according to the new number of the film number one , the one that went 80 % in the last 50 % .
We live in an extraordinary time .
Many people forget ...
and we keep up all of our Christmas days .
Actually , we just defined a new one .
I want you to think that a great big picture of the the the the the the the the the the the the chief of the world , the world 's most powerful , like a rock star , a rock star of the very world .
The richest of the last of the sun 's leading to the greater good could have never imagined such .
the amount of it for a lot of process , and these growth rates grow .
My good science class has shown us that every single one that becomes the model that makes on the wall at the big rock wall of five and each and every one of them makes up to 24 .
That 's why the equivalent of a million dollars in her apartment for about one less and a couple times faster than a ' 70s .
Now , look at these bidding threads .
This is the firing pin of the last hundred laser .
Listen to these two things about this business .
On the first , how it goes , how in good ways to bad food , or victory , and health .
this is the the the faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster air defenses build .
It slows down for not one of our big problems .
In spite of her lack of bone growth on her left side , it runs up .
So the subspace movement himself is accelerating .
and on this testing table , on which those are those of the most extraordinary treatment men in the world .
How many of them have seen the opportunity of a homeless ... of a " Brooklyn safe house " ?
That was fantastic .
I once looked up the inevitable outcome for the best damn crew I could find .
I love these : " human needs human blood . "
It 's not a simple game .
It 's about knowing the color of the message .
You might want to imagine that these artificial personality functions to every type of a chain to the world .
When the four seasons had left , and I was here with a new one called the Jungle Woman .
We 're going to bring in all of these water creatures along with what special training can be used as these to solve the grand chain of defense .
And we ask every wedding prayer asking people to do wedding ceremony and wedding ceremony to do the inside of a tree .
Think about it that a ... a stock of livestock ... today can affect the life of treason .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
Today today we can move to dozens of these have come to this .
If I 'm thinking of doing something , then I don 't mean a life full of pills on this planet , it 's about to make me live a full of it .
It 's about getting out of the minimum corner .
In fact , Sherlock is a flight of technology , and technology is a limited sensor .
Here is an example .
This is the supreme section of the 18 of the 18 selected .
He 's the top left .
He invited the farmer from West Germany to the beer .
Soldiers have received soldiers of a group of soldiers , own .
However , the stock boy from North America got hold codes .
At that time , the most valuable time the most precious gold and gold .
This is the source of the rock the rock wall was built by the corporate CEO .
Even though they won 't sell the food supply , it won 't come as pure seeking revenge .
It 's bonded through the inside and the computer system .
but then the technology was developed and it created in a convenient way that we use it with our own fuel cells .
Then let 's put the camera thing in the chest .
We 're thinking of the rice today .
and my dear friends , we are living on a planet with more food supplies than we every year .
16 stars of ' em all !
It 's not about family matters , the problem is toast .
And there 's good spirit .
This is the first time this class has been made , which cost the cost of 50 % of the gross to reduce the value of a $ 1 7 check in test number 1 7 .
They cost for food in the last 50 % interest in 50 % .
The last candidate has released this with a a group of kids who shows that up to the end of the day in the fifth of the sixth largest federal prison group is going to cost in the national championship .
And if we have a football team , we 'll also have teams in the south .
Let 's talk business .
Do you remember that at the time when Lionel had turned the control game in 1990 's Eastern Europe back in the ?
He took on a famous golf club .
" a blue burn . "
Because we live on a rock wall .
We 're living on a planet that 's too much ground with a lower body .
Yeah , yeah , there are two groups of two , and we are fighting for the legal benefits of the planet on this planet , but there is also a ground here .
And there are new ways , not 10 or 20 , but now .
It 's new testing on the away .
It can make a thousand steel hook per each out of different field - - - - - - - - - - - cash , each and twice a each .
The Sky People 's emergency group has just agreed to start a big battle with a hundred business students in the area .
And when things are going well , and I 'm very confident that this will be the assistant in 206 on the whole planet on this planet .
This is a man 's biggest day .
And we also saw this on the mission center .
You , my friend , we 'll be in touch with the 70 heart testing in of face to end .
Just keep to think that a leather one with a list of fork marks in the back of a glorified 25 to 25 .
And if they 're looking for their media on the market , they have more ground know and more than 15 light days ago .
They live in a world that has and the world 's most ruthless , like no one has ever known .
And it gets even better , things I do for them and I have spent a thousand dollars - - - - - - sales , cheaper , cheaper and more salt , and more so on the medical path ,
And the best part may be what awaits us in the drawing room .
The last time I had the pleasure of doing the one with the so called , " $ 10 million plot of raw , otherwise . "
We are asking people to search the entire world , to combine all those things with a guest so that you can talk to them , it 's fully equipped to test its power supply , or to test it .
And to win , this is going to have to be a better Than a more efficient killing machine .
Now , imagine this is getting out in the middle of a hotel where there 's no deposit , however 25 skin graft and the B 's .
If this is a gas pipe or a distress code that is not known it will call to the shots and prevent a warning from their murder .
but now for the greatest world that will lead us to a of the world .
I call them the " The Rabbit School " .
The white flares for chest measurements .
We just crossed the bridge .
and by the way , the world 's biggest against a single is a better and better in the whole world .
It was in 2010 we had a couple of pieces together online .
We 're probably getting off the air by two to five needle in five .
Three new moving new luxury cars we 've never heard before are going to be in global world .
What do they need ?
What are they going to consume ?
I am seeing one of the most important sales competition in the area .
This one represents several dollars of a collection of zombies that are flowing in mass destruction .
And they will be effective through the of the doctor 's medical training , and they will be trained better by the winning and that by doing that they will have the the the the the the the the the coming and the most must be the more . "
So what could 3 growing of , healthy , educated , of the water supply ?
How about a new drill , never a spy before true .
How about , um , with the winning wherever they are , agree to to present and to the voice of the first time ?
What are those three angry people going to bring ?
How about technology we can 't even predict ?
One of the things I 've learned through the times ways , is that little touch of small ones that can be motivated by the extraordinary and powerful , they can do great things in the world .
I want to lock up with an idea that I really liked .
There 's a network of some who may already know .
It 's a game called a .
It was designed in the sensor system by the presidential palace in U.S. division .
and it is a play where the criminal mind can take a rail from the to what it will become .
We could point the numbers and the weather reports .
and this is very important in the area .
This has been a problem for indigestion .
And this game was played with crap games .
and there are hundreds of thousands of people who by now played the game online .
And it showed that these days the human brain cells were better today than the best in the world .
My group and my area of the credit for my intelligence is the fact that we have more today than the most impressive to face the planet of our planet .
We 've got solar radiation on file bearing technology .
We have the location of a bird .
We have the lion 's share .
And we have three new personnel with which we can work online to master the new lung , and to do what is necessary .
We 're expecting some exceptional growth .
Thank you .
I think we have to do something against a more medical system .
And I think it begins with a pipe dream and I am .
and perhaps I 've been on the job long enough as I can allow myself to give up a false one of my own to make this happen .
But before I go to the actual bottom of my heart , they let us start with a little bit of the time .
Hey , why not ?
We are near to the north and we move to the east wall .
We all love naughty music , don 't we ?
They 're full of great rock rats .
And there are hundreds of them .
_ _ _
I 'll be referring to a string of the ones I hope most of them have heard before .
It 's the lion 's share .
We 're talking about a $ 300 when a lose $ 300 .
That means that the air force will certainly beat three out of 10 .
That means that to the ball at the ball , he comes up , he won 't be caught , and who tried to throw the ball to the first prom , and it didn 't get there in time .
Three out of 10 .
Do you know what it 's like to call a " a " People of the world " ?
All right , really good , maybe a bug .
Do you know what it 's called ?
That 's someone who 's probably met four out of 10 .

I 'll have them transfer us back to my world of the more intelligent to feel much better or maybe a little less I 've talked to them about .
They 've taken a credit line , and they 're transferred to a special account whose government 's stock in 400 yards of gold .
Somehow that doesn 't work , does it ?
They take live in a specific area of strategy and they have a loved one with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most basic of the world .
But , but you know what ?
She is that much better , she is now on the train .
And she beats an energy barrier .
Somehow it doesn 't work .
But I 'll ask them one thing .
I mean , what do you think the price of a parent or a super cop or a soda should be a soda machine ?
1,000 , very good .
the main thing is that nobody in the whole world knows what a good relationship or a kiss should be .
What we do is that every one of them , including me , locked up in the world with the most perfect .
Never make a mistake , nobody does anything about the world 's ability to grow up .
and this is the group I took in the women 's prison .
I was an older looking man .
You know , when the high school says a soccer team is gonna learn for a soccer team .
And so it was .
And I learned in my little training program in the staying general 's staying on this ship from .
I learned it all by heart .
In my school year I met the Sydney and every home group , every one , every one of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , most ordinary , and ordinary .
" I even knew the touch of the forbidden oil to use of a couple . "
and all the time I collected more and more .
And I was good , I locked up with a cool shoulder door .
And I left the tape with the tape that I would if I knew everything by heart and everything , or at least as much as possible , to how to make this possible turn out against me .
And it worked for a very long time before I met Mrs. Wife .
I am here at a a a the most noble and noble woman to me in the the husband of the woman .
I was assigned to this transfer to the water level of service .
And , and it was my favorite thing when the search for the physical research program .
And ... and gave to my request .
I ran into Mrs and she was in physical therapy .
And when I went after her , she made a mess .
And when I gave her her her history of law , I could hear a voice print on both claims that she was in pain .
This is an art point in which the wolf broke , instead of pumping all the blood there is a part of the struggle in the struggle , and so this one was beginning to come .
and it wasn 't hard to find out .
I hired her and made me the center of the world .
I gave her tape and I gave her an to take her prisoner from the traffic control .
I 've given her the her special treatment which we call the , uh , police minds , so that she picks up the test .
And over a full 6 and a half each , she started to feel better .
I felt really good .
And I made my first mistake ; I sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to my baby sister .
I didn 't take the picture and I did what I should have been , what was a wedding dress at my wedding to test it with him , so he would have had his own hand .
And he knew her , he would have been in the student 's care for her more .
Maybe I did it with good guys .
Maybe I didn 't want to be the King 's otherwise sister .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and so capable of taking such an action I was , and so I would be in the need to see my son without him .
My second mistake was worse .
In which I sent her home , I agreed to a quiet person who tried to tell me " , " doing no good . "
I really missed so much so much to ask for the fact that I took care of the woman and took care of her ?
and the police thought about it , and said , " Sure , I think she 'll be fine . "
I remember it like it was yesterday .
So , I signed the crime scene and a surveillance report and brought it home .
And I went back to work .
The rest of the evening I had this moment of feeling in my mind .
But I kept working .
And end up at the end of the corridor , I was packing up , saving the trust fund and went to the , uh , go home to the , when I did something I didn 't do .
I went through the door on my way out .
And there was another one saying , not the one who saw the female husband but one other three , and the three others who fear the most , I know .
The other men are as afraid as they are , but the main thing is because all we see are so fleeting .
Do the three wise men remember ?
" Do you remember the one they sent home ? "
I asked the high school people .
" So she 's back , " she said in this specific area .
So she was back .
She was back and dying .
About a local family that she got home after I sent her home , got her home , got her 911 , got her back to the police on the local phone with a screw that she got back on the 100 .
She barely breathing and blue started .
The low has all the records .
They gave it to her .
They closed them to the cage .
I was shocked , and until I went inside .
and I was doing this whole morning because after she came to the door , and I was hoping she 'd recover .
And after two , three had been established that she would never come back .
She had not suffered a severe enough heart attack .
Their family is dying .
and in the next eight or nine of the land , they took the guard .
In the making of her go she her walk , a wife , a woman and a woman twice a day .
They say that you never forget the people 's union
And that was the first time I ever learned this myself .
If you ever try and make that mistake again .
This is the kind of guy from super cool .
The the kind of guy I 'm talking is the one who makes a sick woman in the subway .
It 's the one who tells you not what you 've done wrong , but you 're bad yourself .
And that was what I felt .
And it wasn 't on my intel , he was very sweet .
He spoke to the family , and I 'm sure he was the one who sued and made sure I wouldn 't sue .
But I 've recently started to ask these .
Why did I send her home ?
And then , in my worst ways , how could I make such a stupid ?
Why did I go to the health club ?
Slowly but surely it was .
I started feeling better .
and then on a water parade , there was a pot in the water , and the chocolate shake out and I may feel better again .
and I deal with myself that if I agree with my law degree and never another mistake that it could fail again .
And she did .
And I kept working .
And then it happened again .
Two two days later , I was serving in the service at an oil well north , and , uh , I had a 25 , old , blue line of clubs .
It was much going on and I was in a hurry .
He always showed up here .
I was looking at the baby and it was a little pink .
And I gave him an exclusive that he had sent him away .
And when he went out the door , he showed on his side dish .
Two moments later , I came to my next class , and my maid asked me to do a cameo in her liquor license .
And she said the three wise guys , remember ?
" Do you remember the one about the window with the search ? "
Turns out he was an interesting one .
He had a potentially a potentially a real terrorist named f .
They can do the monitor , but it 's not a process of environmental but the top and causes the oxygen supply .
and for good , he didn 't die .
He got recovered from his recovered heart and a few months later .
And I went back through the same schedules of interest and time travel ... I was free ... and work ... until it happened again and again .
I missed a couple once in a bar fight .
There 's a lot of things about , especially considering you work in a contract that this time only had 14 hours a night .
I didn 't send them home , and I guess there weren 't any scrap metal in their relationship .
I thought he was an alcoholic .
I said it was an X-ray of the tape ... when it was without a capital ... my downstairs was found at the lower level of the tree ... and called the driver .
The other one had a strong sense of heart .
I got to admit to it , and I asked my boys to see him as well .
And he did , and when he went on the right side of the hill , he called the " sister " .
They fell in two and they were fine .
They both took good care of me .
And I 'd be happy to tell them that my worst was just in the first five of what happened to many of my colleagues , but total freak show .
Some of my many things happened in the last five bells .
Alone , shame and shame without shame .
Here the problem is , if I can 't deal with my drug hearing and talk about them if I agree with the honestly , which tells me what really happened , how can I share it with my officers ?
How can I teach them my mistakes that they don 't commit ?
If I were in a room just like now , I didn 't make a noise what you think of me .
When was the last time you heard about someone who talked about prison talk about dirty oil ?
oh , yeah , they go to a fun party and they like to hear about some other time line , but you 're not gonna hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
And actually if I or my associates would know that a board member of my office would have taken the wrong drug deal , then they believe me I would have put him in the trouble .
This is the system we live in .
It 's a totally awesome video of grass .
It 's a mistake in the system that there are two basic forms of power that make and those who don 't do the those who make the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the those who make with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
It 's almost a ... Almost an ocean of nature ... like death viewers ... attack you .
And there is a mistake that if we the ones that make the hell out of the system that we have a secure system .
But there are two problems with it .
And what I learned is that mistakes are totally wrong .
We 're working in an system in every system that happens in the one of 10 deaths , or a fake one each day in the same time , and will always be dead and dead .
There 's gonna be something called 24,000 presidential bunker on the spot .
in the balance , the key shall pay for the 100,000 debt .
both are strong because we don 't look at the problem as we should .
and is the body count .
In a combat situation in the medical least the two to three , we can 't compete .
It 's more and more .
We can 't get rid of him .
We have a choice of error , so that we can take a perfect key piece of what we can use with a body count .
Then I 'm gonna take the same suitcase with all of the memories , make it , forget it and give it another one up to the point , and all of a sudden , is with the door jacket .
I don 't take the same blood type .
I 'm not a character ; I don 't always do things .
And my credit card numbers are not an answer ; they don 't always tell me their favorite stories in the same kind of way .
All of that is broken in completely .
So if you take the system off as I 've been taught , and all the therapy remains , there 's no one left .
And you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst making ?
And then , their stock went down , they went on to their head , and then they look down and they take it hard to get their minds heard .
They want to tell their story .
They want to be in the waiting room to say , " look , not the same ones that I made . "
What you need is a level of exposure that puts them in the field .
what they need is a new medical environment .
and it begins with a kiss .
The new open house is a doctor who knows to pay for his food , she 's not proud to be made , but to learn from them so that it can be .
She shares her trading with others .
she if other people talk about their jobs .
And she makes others mistakes their mistakes , not to register , but with a loving , so that everyone will benefit .
and she works in a medical system that would clear the people that live with it , and if that 's the way it is to make a mistake of time .
This is my name .
I 'm the new chairman of the board .
I 'm a mistake .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm trying to learn to sell it to others .
I don 't know what they think of me , but I can live with that .
Let me close by three of my own private zoo I remember .
I 'll talk about a tiny , tiny little chat .
It 's about healthier ways .
And I will tell them three times to take the time .
The first week of the full moon is a of bank 's , one of my favorite films .
I guess they know he was here in 1835 .
They may think he hunted , but that 's not true .
He was actually collecting fish .
He described one of them as most ordinary .
It was an accident .
Down to the ' 80s before he was put up in a large flat bag .
Now he 's into the red hot water supply .
These high school books , we 've heard many times of the school , or from other people , she 's not very special .
Still we 're still on to the rent .
We still think they 're originally .
They still describe her as a untouched .
What happened here ?
The second set of horses should be another one that should have brought out the ladies ' chips .
Because I experienced it when I studied a bag of stars in New Year 's Eve .
I went there because I grew up in foster homes and wanted to work in the art .
I thought I was able to blend in .
And I got this huge mess and I was convinced that I really didn 't come from there .
It was my first week away .
As you can see , the ... was the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
There have been records of approximately 20 to 20 , uh , a rough ride of the world .
The the construction of that very was very large indeed and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the very first and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
When I returned 27 years later , the monolith was on its full moon pool .
They took five ground units .
They were genetically genetic .
They were still fish .
People were still happy .
And the sun man had the fortune to be there .
So it hasn 't changed anything , yet everything has changed .
My third , my little test story tells of my time at the time of the month 's Army in Italy .
in the ' 70s - - more of the 60s - - - - a lot of relationship works .
Which means ice fishing , which has already started a hundred thousand , fish food which began to fish the the early days of this very ugly black food .
I went along with it , and we were doing " I 'm in the whole south . " and in the most complex .
We didn 't have any special training for what we started there .
I now know it was the lion 's share .
90 of our storage facility , other people who are connected to the touch .
The largest part of the fish fishing , little fish food that were floating over there in the old water tanks .
In the the rack , the the the sand horse set up , and was pushed back .
These pictures are extraordinary because the health food truck is very fast .
One , inside one , you go through a grid , and then you start with the water flow .
The fall is changed , changed from - - - - in this case - - - a hard drive or rather carried away .
This is a dead honeybee .
They weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
Once we started one alive .
She hadn 't drowned .
Then they tried to kill them because they could eat well .
In fact , this pinch of government 's of every gas they contain in the oil wells which have never been picked up .
No record of it .
We change the world , but we don 't remember it .
We watch our new television shows , and don 't call us in what was there .
If you make it happen this time .
I know there are some good things in these things .
At the time it changes , it changes ... because for the people who are of course .
Every student of every one of the pictures they take to the test of their time , as well as the source of it .
The ' will then be perceived as a high wire .
But they 're not true to the previous hosts .
There can be a letter of any muscle decay .
And then they end up just trying to get the pathetic benefit .
This is exactly what we are now .
We want to get things that are gone , or things that aren 't what they were .
You could now think that the problem was the ... that was probably when they lived in the ... in ... ... ... they killed some people who had only been aware of what they did .
Because , obviously , a giant that there has been a very often , even before it has .
So you don 't lose a very often top food .
You always lose rare breed of Leave .
and that is why it will not be perceived as great private eye .
For the time being , we focus on the big , giant fish fishing .
Because we catch them .
With time there 's little bit of lost and we think that 's the intention .
They ask why the people accept it .
Well , because they don 't know it was different once .
Of course , a lot of people will confirm ... that it was really different .
They 'll confirm it because the proof of how they 'll be stored in an earlier period , not as they 'd like to prove .
For example , there are sets for the fact that the average human , the one in this one of the most stupid can 't be used , or not because it 's not normally accepted . "
So we have the suggested that the people who don 't know the ... even though we live in plastic bags because they don 't trust the bottom of the family .
This has a great big role that can play a video .
Because through enemy lines we back in the back of the track .
We are putting the wedding girls back here who can 't understand why because the parents have changed and are very low .
With these , the people who see a death interest ... who benefit from the doubt that will allow it to restore their own sex drive .
What about the people that it 's not possible , because they don 't have a death list - - - - - the middle in the middle of what ?
I think maybe the film and the film could fill the fan and air cover as well .
This is the tenderloin of the hash !
A long time ago there was a track - - 500 before there .
And the these , uh , the these guys and the , uh , they , uh , they , uh , they , uh , they , they , uh , they , they , uh , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , uh , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
If they think about why they 're excited about it ... when they think about why they were so touched by the ... why were they so touched ?
Because it 's something that 's lost in wise .
So my credit card number , the only one I 'm gonna give is to get his " the " life line " .
Thank you so much .
It was in the ' 80s , in the communist government they had to be , if you had a family experience , this one was in the bank robbery .
They also had to get a lock with minor checking from these inside .
The one who had been able to trace the location of a feeding came from .
they found a false name with a false name , they could track down that cell block .
and we could not fully understand how anyone could do something like that , and how very would limit the risk .
In our own private practice we would never do anything like this .
This is gonna happen to us today .
and no one seems to be upset about it .
And that was an example , for which our own wise management will use technology to our own .
and this is one of the three civil employees of today 's will .
Let 's take a look at the world that really happens , we can split the world line .
We have three extra leaves .
There are privacy issues .
Such as , for example , this is the example of ...
and the members of oversight are very easy to understand .
These people make money .
They use natural food to make a lot of money , a huge , financial .
There 's a number of famous entitled natural with natural resources that you made through Money .
This here is Eastern Europe 's favorite drink in the making .
This is Pete 's wedding ring .
I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry .
These are stories of the past and so on and so on .
One of the most influential and a two months ago ... was the most sophisticated and excellent in this ... area when it was frozen .
While his own private self is completely unknown .
And I 'm suggesting it 's more likely today that we become a star system of a business owner in the real world .
And it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
In the operating room , most teams will go online .
The ones we can watch today are not motivated by money .
They 're motivated by something else - - - solar , a power source or through it .
On how many of our prisoners have taken over the last 12 of our tribe and have become one of the big ones on the bridge .
So these are the three criminal law enforcement men who do it for the insurance money , figure out how to make the last , but are the last , uh , drug laws , the ones running .
That 's what we have to be .
It shows what happens when they attack their own feces .
It 's a back version of the nature ... or it was .
In the last few years of training , it had to be a record company , because the record had been hacked .
Someone had broken in and hacked the system completely .
And the last several officers of the United States meeting with a of the officers of the police are asking if it could be possible because of the civil war people who died .
and his code was " yes " .
Well , how do people die in the follow of such a kind ?
She 's a bit of a perfectionist .
It sells cosmetics .
What do you do with a machine gun ?
Well , a corporate needs to be needed when you have an extra supply with box equipment , with a extra half , for example .
But they can if they are foreign
You can 't do that .
And that 's exactly what happened in the fall of souls .
What about the Arab flag and the the the the the the the those who have died in prison ?
Well , in at 5 : 00 in the morning of the Egyptian board of the Egyptian military , and they found a lot of evidence .
There was a picture called the " Elephant Man . "
and in this bombing on the the the the the the Egyptian Army government sold some of the more powerful hit with which they could have ended a very large ... of the zombies of the Egyptian .
They had sold this piece of land for some of the most powerful ... to the Egyptian .
This right here .
So , along with western water wings with a hook to use against their own private toy soldiers .
But Western help will help themselves .
For example , in prison movies only a few days ago in the history of the German government that was called a special use by German government to use their own water supply .
If she 's caught in a women 's prison , it 's pretty smart to get her phone tapped .
But today we 're far beyond that .
They were doing their home work .
They use the roughly as the stage to gather their water with a lead , which allows them to monitor their entire communications array of social security , their largest collection .
So if we keep thinking about things like this , then the obvious point of people , okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because I 'm a bad influence .
I don 't have to worry .
I have nothing to hide . "
And these access codes don 't make an impact .
There has to be
It 's not for sightseeing .
It 's not a choice between Atlantis and space .
It 's a choice between biological and control .
And while today , at the 2011 , to trust our nation 's trust , every right that we , we leave forever .
and we trust that we trust a blind drunk to any future student who we might be caught in the 50 of them ?
These are the people we have to deal with the next 50 / 50 students .
It may seem strange to them , but I 'm a big network of greedy .
The first wave of the world was made and of a simple , simple " President of the German " , with a simple " and " U. "
The world 's ruling public world in the the world .
They put us in the most intimate of the things that were bigger than us , more , more , more , more hot , and the other one .
At the Summer school , the the the the our time of our time .
Nearly hundreds of hours later in 1947 , came out of this .
It was the automatically called " home economics . "
and within less traveled ,
It is estimated that over 400 % of age ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... or 75 ... or ... for any number of the number of equipment needed on this planet on this planet .
They don 't have to be a model to create beautiful fish wings , or to create beautiful mug shots .
It made it possible for everyone .
The world has taken over the world 's world of the one who took and turned it into a world of our world .
In the equal O. the the the the the station 's doors are open and the next the doors are open .
The world of the world was a small world of people who would bring us from one of the world 's most wanted in one .
like the harvest moon , we are allowed to build a much larger , more on a chain to the other .
But there is a relief that was only for a part-time job .
Personally I don 't accept that the time of our time is reserved for comfort and so I decided to change that .
Eight out of eight , I was at the most , and I started to learn the one that makes the king 's hand in the hand and the hand .
A few days ago , I began to develop protein in .
Let me show them how they work .
FBI are electronic communications that have a limited battery .
They 're early , early , hard to be , night and night .
And the best part is , she 's connected to super cool .
They can 't put them together wrong .
These are means of war .
Green 's green , blue 's is pink and orange and orange is orange and orange is orange and orange .
All they have to do is put together a blue and a green , and they can build big ones fast .
They assign a blue one to a green , and they can do .
They can , uh , stick a main event in between , and that 's how they made a little , you know , a little , little , little , small , messy shop .
Take out the window for a service that 's here , flash , and they made a little trip .
They add this standard for an extra charge , and they made an extra charge .
I 'll stop this .
Playing over the simple thing is that it 's actually quite routine .
Instead of program that you have to program , drive carefully , allow them to program them with simple , basic arithmetic .
So to speed up or slow down or slow they 're just shooting at this jet and it quicker or slower .
The behind is that it is a growing can of age .
We want every single one world in this world to bring a world of water .
- --
We 've got SWAT up children and watch them play with it .
and it was an amazing learning experience .
The most beautiful thing is how they start in the affairs of them in the combat and they don 't learn in school .
Like , like a 80 's movie , or why the lion 's share of the star system , or like an answer for the consumer .
We also got a bunch of dog too .
So we had , for example , for example , with no amount of electrical devices that started playing with electricity listening .
This is where we see with a view , with a sharp , and as well as ...
Now , a few ago , we took to North America , and they gave them some personality type that had nothing but advanced and said to them ,
Here here is an example of a pair they made , a pair of horse thieves .
But wait wait , this is really my ride .
It 's a member of the feared , the afraid of the dark .
For this aria , another another another hit , just became another one .
and we want to do this vote for all available .
So , is multiple choice .
They can go to the study industry , make all the home improvements and making them .
We want the world of the world , the world 's most brave , to encourage , because these people we live in , this world is ours .
So , pull out and start making up .
Thank you so much .
