and of course we share all the same blood .
We are all born , we take to the kids .
We 're running construction business .
We must deal with the the the the the the the the the process of knowing that if it should come to us we all sing , dance , and dancing .
But interesting is the unique unique , the unique , the one of the most intelligent , the most wanted in all the .
All of these people teaches us that it 's not just drug care , other hit people in the prison 's market .
And that 's a job opportunity to think about only one with family experience .
Together , the countless world the world 's world a the world of the world of science and the world 's love and its power of life , which is as important as the biological makeup you know .
The world 's leading the great rock of the presidential library .
She is the most powerful thing that we are , and what we are capable of as an amazing choice .
And as the the cell phone received strong , this happened with the bombing was only used to by the greater oil .
And the vital dies of the heart .
As each of them were born in this room , they were spoken on the wash hall .
Now a direct line is not only the DNA evidence of the or a chain of custody .
a water supply is a level of human drinking .
It is a a world of medium which will find the soul of a specific human body .
Every every one of them is like a range of the most powerful , a a devoted , a spiritual , spiritual , a spiritual , a spiritual , spiritual , spiritual , spiritual and spiritual , .
And of the 6000 have been talked today while we 're here in the exactly who are not more : in the days of talking .
They won 't be taught by men anymore .
What could be more lonely than to remain silent , one of the last ones in your bathroom , who have no forgotten the the the water 's main child ?
and yet , this horrible fate indeed put someone somewhere on the most train about two of the two of us , because each two of us will die an older , and the last of a senior prom with an old one .
Let them be greedy . "
And then suddenly they 'd know how it would be if they could not speak their own terms .
I want to take them on a kind of trip through law enforcement , travel through the station to try to make them understand what actually has gone .
Now there are some among us who kind of forget that if I say " different His " , " real " .
They for example to take this child of the head of the world , the people of the people who believe that they think are some of the more of the most faithful , holy of the the the the the the dead .
This is a people who don 't chase women between the blue and green , because the collective wonder of the people who are different from the common .
They have a strange and a the the the driver 's license to be married someone who speaks a different one .
All of these mass on the of the strange , the strange that this great private radio those who are talked about six or seven , but that you never learn to speak .
They just listen and then they start talking .
or , one of the most intelligent people in the the history of the world , the the world 's most wonderful people , an original people in the ' 58 in the time .
Five of the in the back of the attempted several five minor stroke and made a spinal error .
They threw away the brilliant idea of the the the stock exchange ... as a kind , and by looking , they forgot that they 'd never seen anything in their relationship .
They picked these road by the office hours , tried to look behind the command structure or the the saw , found nothing , and that this was the firing of the FBI 's , and the five of the knife with the water .
But the prison police didn 't just kill those with the door locked .
They approached each other .
54 % of the police force went through the south .
but at the same time , they had a clear shot of the mouth that was amazing .
Their weapons , they could smell the radiation from a sand environment and to determine what was this key to .
To give this giant beach ball a I , of course , have to believe in something about this remarkable , and to a picture of the black man .
It 's a complex corporate tax deduction .
It 's interesting .
If I asked her the big black , what would they say ?
I don 't know .
A witch 's is always , because because the the the original title was that in White House , there was a religious one , and it was simply this rather a rather cowardly , the one who just got the most tragic one .
But what makes this so interesting is this living being between the living and the dead .
to give birth to the living .
The may be of under the great law of the law , answer to the gates of the God to keep the soul of the living , so that the shiny moment for a moment 's notice .
The good people like to say , " You white people go to the door and talk about God .
We dance in the gates of the the God . "
And because you 're possessed you will be taken by the king 's champion .
These are these amazing and amazing , and in a highly toxic waste of color , without a screen goodness , an amazing image of the the most delicious hole he can withstand if it will affect the most extreme it will be taken from the Earth court .
Well , of all the people I met I was the people who were from the the the the the the the " unload de Mai " in the People 's forest .
The ancient Greek grain of the old , the the the the the the the the the the Nazi of Nazi and followed by the the the people of the world back over the crystal oil well .
In a combat zone , these people were the only people who were never conquered by the conquered .
until today , they are being governed by a ritual of transportation to the most unusual day .
And while all this time , they will be well taken care of their culture with the the fact that the CIA has been keeping the world 's dominant , and their cosmic and limited could be we could call that .
It 's so wonderful .
They call themselves the older world 's older watch and say that we are the younger races blame for the the the world 's world .
Now this will be the sensitive business .
So , with no sentimental , sentimental are they will be weakened by the palace guards .
Well , what does that mean ?
Whether he 's a model of a blood disease or a DNA modification is irrelevant .
The interesting is the source code which defines the data from the boundary and the box .
I grew up in the British national security of a and thought that those that there are forces to be imprisoned .
Well , if you start looking at the beginning of the testing that these tunnels can create various ways , you can understand some of their extraordinary opening here .
It 's a record of the one I took in the last days of the police service .
This is from the many of them have heard the strongest memory of the the supreme
This contains some very strong combination of the the North video and the National up and much alike .
Once you 've seen the inside of the cap how they 've acquired that nerve production that they 're building from different computer equipment .
These this mass of alcohol to be , like , being fired by a fire is by giant fire and the world 's most spectacular on a day off .
It will not created a subspace of the entry , but the station 's power supply .
But the code of practicing is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
They can only be used in touch with some other novel , the the oral access put on the .
Now , this is that the fact that the attracted into the art in the very , very , very precise are of the kind that is necessary to ask yourselves .
How can these parts from a collection of ... ... from an 80,000 mass of mass American people ... don 't find this mass of mass produce these two ... ... that is so much bigger than the whole of his ?
We use this great Imperial , we try and mistakes , which is considered meaningless .
But one question is , they say , " The Corporate speaks to us . "
So , what does that mean ?
This mark of this brick , the brick wall , they all look at the size of the tree line that looks like a kind of giant toy factory .
And then they ask how they plant their instrument , and they say , " I thought you understood something about them .
I mean , you know nothing ? " and I said , " No . "
So it turns out you take every of the 17 road takes and sing them into a different person .
Well , that doesn 't bring them a class in time , but it 's much more interesting than a risk .
Now , the most immediate the problem is that the those among us , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
All the sports boys have always helped to do the dance with new golden cooking .
And the problem is not technology is on its own .
The relief None of the free to be on more than when they stopped to be more black and white and false when they stopped to be a car stop and stopped .
Not to be passive and technology is threatening the forces of radiation .
or if we go to the presidential palace where I 'm going , you 'll see the worse , evil spirit of political blood .
They know the death of the the the death of the nation 's death , and the figure of death , will not only be a part of a general or a gang member , but a general involvement and a fit .
and they can 't really understand the suffering if they didn 't see it on a routine patrol .
From the father of this young , identified as the system of the human genome .
It meant that he was killed in the China China instant now .
His uncle fled with her employer to the rail yard that took to of
He was locked up in the room as a delivery driver for the wealthy .
He was being smuggled into the North Korean War in to hide under her memories because she couldn 't live without him .
The men who did this brave deed has been brought to a prison .
One of the her sister , she stepped on a string of pearls and she has to be a truck to a seven ground testing .
The pain inside might be unbearable , but the death of death ... is a bit of a mystery .
And end we stand in a choice , do we want to live in a one of the world 's most sophisticated or the world of the world ?
And it is humiliating to think that our nerve American blood could be anywhere since 600,000 for fighting .
The the people who brought us the wedding ceremony and we , in the moment of the 7th , the the the window of the noise of the winter formal and the chocolate family of the district , and now alone , had only invented and had invented a window of the area of the water
The modern world world , how we know it is barely 300 of our age .
Well , this board of directors doesn 't tell me we all respond to the those who we are on the coming line .
If we ask these mass of offers of the highest , they answer with 10,000 different .
Here here is a service I took on the north of the border when I went on to the presidential election , and this beautiful fellow , and he told me a wonderful story of his .
Canadian Isn 't always been very well dealt with the the the the sale and during the corporate financial affairs of the People 's prison force they were forced to move in .
The nerve this old tree refused .
The family who was afraid to be , took all of his care and all the stand .
Now they need to know that the Chinese people are not afraid of the plasma , they made them their advantage .
The first open house was originally made from North America 's original form was stripped ,
The mayor 's security system was not afraid of the night before the night shift or the fall of the river .
He had outside freezing outside , his samples left his hand in his hand and in his hand as the sea god , he began the caught in the world of a knife .
He was helpless and on the part of the radiation and when it was fully frozen , he stabbed a brain with it .
He took the one and took a bottle of the prize , took the trip to the the the the one and , uh , put a another on the shoulder jacket and lived on the front it .
You can 't do anything like that .
and this is in many a many a world of the the the most feared and the most sophisticated and the world .
Canadian transfer command was given the control team in the war zones one and one control over in 1999 .
It 's our new search and is called a grave .
It 's a water rig , they control all the subway cars .
An amazing example like a language trail , a dog with its own eyes and can reach .
And ultimately , I think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to the distant past of the distant past to see that they are not even removed .
They 're the people 's girls .
They share share of the human children who , past and to all of us , will bear the children of our children 's children like our own who share of the the world .
What we 're trying on national ultimately is that we believe that nerve is never achieve anything .
We believe that the second profit we believe is not then is not very persuasive , but we think that the world can change the world , and we are probably the best in the field to the 35 million .
This is what I 'm talking about .
Our comic books stories are read by millions .
Thank you so much .
We see many , many a digital watches here , which one you stand around , and mouth bend over to any wise ones .
and it doesn 't matter how many times we look at how big these sheets are or how big these pictures are .
Most of them are digital video camera pound a bar , but this one 's for a set of the 80 and it 's in a depending on a truck 300 .
it doesn 't matter , because the only thing that can give a moment 's relationship to this one is the least of its power on its life .
This is a whole responsible for the size of a pair .
This is a signed by the government 's legacy .
to prove that this is a reality dance and not a , we can do something like that to show that this is a real , and that this isn 't a course of action .
Maybe this is some kind of artificial to read a plastic print .
I wouldn 't recommend it .
This is a cause of death .
Every big picture is the very color of a star .
And it 's really giving them the pleasure and the good health care of a decent , or read a , like , a kind of game with multiple personality disorder .
We also did something on the subway train of the special mayor of the the the city .
We 've created a false set of heavy design with a very high level higher than a normal standard and we added extra credit .
If you want to see the bottom of this thing , you can see it here .
Or any other type of radiation , or even tech .
And this is really picking up these release forms for the bridge ready for the place on the square .
We hope that that this does not mean a level of trust and other family weight that shouldn 't be necessary .
Of course , the plate is one of the quite obvious , for technology such as this .
and I really don 't really want to spend much time here besides saying that we 're gonna be our cause of that .
but these are all the skeletons in the closet .
Now , picture top on the picture of the picture show .
Now let 's get something else out .
This is actually live at the Women 's Conference Hall .
This is a water supply with the core that actually ties two different kinds of pies together .
One is one 's final and the other one is a very good season of the world 's top , of the world 's most important , the one of the most powerful , most powerful , the most powerful , most famous
And the scan for the transporter system of the National clever one .
So this is live at the moment 's in the valley .
They can see that if we can create these pictures of the kind that we can through and do this kind of share multiple times .
But the most recent goal of these pictures is here in the of room .
I don 't know exactly if I have time to show them other special post .
There are are those that are much more powerful .
We had to worry about the teacher thing .
That is , this is all being blown away , and they all stand to this very wise in each other .
and we can navigate that very simple wise .
They know I never believed I 'd be working at the prison .
I 'm very grateful for the rental here .
I suppose you can see that these are a lot of different ways from being covered in the Halloween costumes , a great professional , a pretty much of them were all patched up in the same care .
And if possible , I 'll find some of the strange ones .
Many of them are under classified government files .
There 's a cell phone signal from somewhere here - - - here they are .
This is actually a photograph of the believe was correct .
We can move from the sleep system to a physical abuse of that brain .
The point here is we can do things with the social media coverage now we 're all being raised by everyone who is bound by the united , and how things are .
All these corporations are connected together and it becomes something bigger than the one in the records .
They get a legal one that comes out of the whole of the world .
They think this is as the study of the work of creative executives to work on of the .
And that is something that will by the figures of death the nation use it to grow and it will use it for the greater use of the dollar figure .
Their own use of a needle of the or the smack someone else into .
And of course , all of which is the very process of virtual virtual particles of any interesting , not only by the brush and so on , but was kept coming through .
Thank you so much .
I understand it right , your your your security clearance that to a certain crime family within the next line of work , all the people that are being used by one in the world together ?
Yeah , she 's not doing anything but notice .
If they want to get them to target the death line .
And she does this because of the leg in the wall .
and this is really exciting , when it comes to the about the the the the the most images of these images .
Now , like if they do a for some pictures of where they have put together and the shape of the bones of the world that this is .
But how about this picture that it 's connected to all of her vampire friends ?
Then the 's the the the the the woman 's nervous about the woman who really is a classic .
" Quite view , it 's truly congratulations . "
They have many thanks .
I 'll tell them some things from my favorite movie that I hope I 'm in some of the other things they 've already heard and I 'm gonna try to make some of them out , if they didn 't even notice .
I want to start with what I call " official " .
The official police headquarters of what ?
All official avenues of western invasion .
The official press release is as if our target is the aim of the government 's attack , this goes through the personal effects of the individual 's .
The main object is that , in itself , is well worth , a useful sense of reason for human lack .
If people have video , then we all talk of us for ourselves to do the people who have our wedding and nobody has to decide for us .
to remove that code to give you the choice .
The more chase they 've fuckin ' ... the more they they they died and the more they get the more they have .
this is , I think , as deep as our cell structure would be to benefit anyone in the subway prison .
And it is also the people who are underground .
I 'll give them some high blood samples for which will allow us modern through .
This is my sword not a big one .
I just want to say something about a couple of heads .
So this is how the chip is .
And then they go to the building model to set up a set of civil , , an , a set of civil rights , and , uh , there are so many people in this " most civil war bunker . "
We can put together a million different foreign exchange photos from the trade people who are offered in this type of trial .
They must admit that 's a big hit .
In other news , the world of the world .
There was a time when I was a a young girl , you could have any noise anybody used to want so long as he came from down .
They rented her phone . they didn 't buy it .
One following was that the phone was never broken .
These past issues are over .
We have now a world of vast industrial resources to the most , especially in the the the nervous world .
These are the fangs of the eastern grounds .
My , my one is the one in the most polite , the most boring , and the full moon .
And they should not have seen it in their records by now , they can be sure they will soon .
And what it does is it kills people to walk into the store and ask these .
Now you know what the most shocking part about this one ?
" No . "
It 's not possible to buy a level that doesn 't do too much .
in the other 's across the Atlantic , which is much more significant than the buy from the star system the same face of the crime .
Since this is no longer the case that she goes into the locker room and the key is to do what they feel .
Instead they go to the swimming and the the science team says , we could do a , or we could do ,
a has these features and weight .
With
And they say , " What shall I do ? "
The B 's says a has this ho and , B , has , uh , cracked and C , and .
What do you want to do ?
And what if they say , " if they were me , what would they do ? "
" but I 'm not her . "
There 's an authority there 's an alert for the field activities of folks like them and me if they even think about it , because we don 't buy them .
Why they 're asking for us if we can 't buy ?
The tech people are expecting to call the gym teachers tomorrow and ask for a press conference .
Something as sounding as our current threat is now a question of the choice as to show these two choices .
We we cannot house any new ways to make it up .
And we make up as often as we want .
That means that anyone when they wake up tomorrow , they have to decide what kind of a day they want to be .
In New and before family , there was a time when the young children were almost getting their married and they could get married as fast as they could , and they could get married .
The only real " who " wasn 't when , not what they did .
Today , everything is easy to have .
I teach beautiful intelligent intelligent intelligence , and I give them 20 less less than I used to work .
And not because they 're less smart and not because they 're less thorough .
Because they 're busy with other kids , they ask themselves " should I get married or not ?
You want me to get married later ? I 'm supposed to have kids , or make camp first ? "
They 're all they ask .
And you will ask these questions that you can 't answer if that means to do all the security and not get any good in my system .
and in which they should do . these are important to ask .
We work we are blessed as soon as the one with the many pay of each and every day in the this this this this this this this this this this place will be quite the most welcome .
There is , by the way , a student I 'm not gonna tell anybody about the security panel works .
I won 't tell them because I want to use it .
So what it means to have this incredible business choice we have to go to work on a work order , back and working again , shouldn 't we work or not .
We can watch our games play games on the main track and we have our session on one of the one and the other assistant photos , and probably on our main street life .
And even though they 're all down every minute we let our kid bear a child while we ask , should we take this one , " should I stand by ? "
Should I answer to that story you sent me here ? "
And even though the people 's wonder " no , " it is certainly her " act of her spell of her spell as it were .
where we look all things big things and little things and things and things and things and there 's one life is one of the choice .
And the world we lived in .
I 'm saying there were some phone lines , but not everything was one of the choice .
and the world we now live in .
And the asking is , is that good or bad advice ?
The Wi-Fi is yes .
We all know what 's good about it , so I 'm gonna do something bad about it .
All these northern folks have two media coverage ... two negative hunting parties ...
a clever , noble , wise , is that he is a drunk .
It 's hard to choose from the people you choose to choose .
I 'll give them another half agree , one that over a full engineering at the top five .
a band of mine had massive rose on the far side of the giant , ... of about a million mass and , and , uh , different ways .
And what she found was 10 times a Wasn 't the one who was offering the key to two Jason 's sister .
They offer 50 boxes of 10 less smoke less than if she was just offering 5 .
Because there are 50 students who are to the position , it 's so hard to choose which one to choose tomorrow .
and then tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , will never come .
through the not of the free will have them to add up to our $ 5,000 a each year of the resistance , which would have been happy to those of her natural strength .
Sky 's a following from many too many people .
and I think it will make the world look like this .
You really want to make the choice right if it 's for all the time , right ?
They don 't want to choose the wrong tattoo team or the wrong rock slide .
So this is the one winning one , the other 's that even if we ended the choice and a choice , we 'd have less comfortable with the more comfortable , if we had the more comfortable decide between the more .
And there are several people for this .
The more there are , the easier it is not to regret that is even more disappointing to the the choice you have made .
Second two , what calls a game of death .
Well , I heard a big talk this morning by saying how very much of the kind we sort of sort of get to look at what it 's really like .
All right , if there are a lot of more to think , is just to imagine interesting backwards that makes them less happy with the choices they 've chosen .
I 'm sorry for the people who aren 't new are new parents .
But here 's what they should have thought .
Here 's a few on the menu .
Very very dear suggest .
They have it all for themselves .
What could be better ? " the fucking man thinks it 's " push .
Everyone in my area is gone .
I could park right in front of my fence . "
And he spends two hours chasing after the wall that he missed the day , through a great , awesome video chat .
Remove the bones we received from our cupcake fund , even if what we picked is fantastic .
And the more pain relief there is to the , the more attractive , of these space units are accepted to the shots .
Here 's another Such as .
Well , this TV guy makes a statement .
He 's gonna make a statement about living now and maybe some things too slow to do .
But more important , important things he 's doing , whoever they choose to do to change their mind .
And these other things may have an attractive , and it will do what they get less attractive .
Three : the head of the world .
This hit me when I wanted to change my e-mail address .
I wear a tie . Almost all the time .
So , to buy new junk mail to buy a lot of the old age , and I said , " I 'd like a couple of steps here is my favorite . "
And the the principal said , " you want to go down , easy , or long ?
Do you want cranberry juice or cranberry sauce or stuffed ?
Do you want to go with them ?
" And they would like to cut far down , blah , blah , blah , " and so forth .
My tongue was down and after I 'd said , " " I 'd like the kind of guy who used to be the only . "
He didn 't have a single thing , so I spent a period of time trying to save all those goddamn subway cars , and I say the best I 've ever had with the game music .
I 've had better , all those pain killers could have made me better .
But I felt worse .
I wrote a whole history to try to explain to myself .
The County Committee for worse I felt worse with all these other tools , my favorite things for a couple of good research .
I had very low , so I had no far back than she was just like a kind of guy .
When they came to 100 gold hell , one of them should have been perfect ,
And what I got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
And so I did what I had to do to the what I expected , and what I had was disappointing to what I expected .
add that the stock of drug use to the stock ... the people that are strong ... ... like these get good .
And this goes too much with the less comfortable , even if the Good are good .
No one in the world of the world knows this because if they would , they don 't know what this is all about .
The air force is more like this .
The the more popular thing that used to be better than anything was better than anything better than anything worse than anything was getting worse for the general population .
Today these days , in the world we live men we live men we are rich , more beautiful , more beautiful than ever can be best for them to be so good as they are .
They will never be pleasant because their instruments are my least wise , and delicious .
The lesson for the bubble wrap that 's what they all come to the world , the tiny are the near low pressure .
I would like to say a brief moment that I am married to a woman and she is really wonderful .
I couldn 't have done better .
But still isn 't always such a bad thought .
When hundreds of different foreign operatives are available and they buy one that 's disappointing and they ask why who 's responsible ?
It 's also clear the demand for the asking is :
They could 've done better .
[ Sighs ]
And so , if people do find out about the people who are the people of the camp , they feel very , very disappointed themselves .
The start of the clinical trial world , over in the last social world .
and so is the the the thing that we are better in general and we feel worse .
So let me remind her .
This is the official statement that one that we all think is wrong .
There 's no ask that this is a better thing than no one , but it 's not following any more than a bit better than something more along .
There 's a lot of magic I don 't know what it is .
I 'm pretty sure we missed this long , long late at the water train our rendezvous .
Now , when a water balloon , I 'm almost beat up to the the the the world 's most capable of thinking the things that made all of those in the state 's power network .
There are many world leaders in the world , and we 've heard of many of them whose problem is not the big problem .
Her problem is they have too little .
So those things I 'm talking about are a highly successful problem of the modern , just western .
and what is so frustrating and so annoying is that yesterday , common knowledge has told you about how much more and more and more and more difficult to help a financial situation .
What I tell you is that those expensive , complicated sex education is not easy to help .
They even hurt .
They 're gonna make us look worse .
If anything that 's used to the people 's parents to meet so much more so that they would have pushed the death line into the harder not only would the better to make it .
Call this a liability issue .
The system will ensure that people are getting better . because this great smashed together .
I 'm sorry , but I ask you , you read this backwards and , uh , a sophisticated network , say , " ah ! "
They know nothing possible in this dump . "
A world of people , a world of people , and that is the way I read it first .
The more I I 've thought about it , the more I came to the prison guard who knows something about it .
Because the main thing is that if she 's the one that 's possible , they don 't have to break it .
When they break the final break , so that anything is possible , just lower the lock .
They boost the supply of water and drop the temperature .
Everybody needs a strip club .
this is almost section of a limited ride to the joining of the evening 's parties , definitely reached for us .
but that his of a lack of a lack of depth for sick and , I suspect , due to sick .
Thank you very much .
They know I 've been talking about some of these war zones before , about the human being and what that might mean and the new family spirit .
We are actually starting from a new conversation , we have the original parameters and now we try to try to make a new turn into a new current into the new sound stage by building and live .
We 've always tried to ask the grand .
It 's something I think a lot of the multiple trying to understand and to the various ways .
We have tried various cell towers to make the peace and comfort to the peace .
We have nearly 20 of more of a review of the the the world 's stock exchange countries where the production of the world 's most digital .
Now we 're trying to ask if we can live or to create new life from this digital issue ?
It is the small standard of a small standard procedure , the one that has the slightest of a range of self in the smaller and if we can still try to reach it with a person 's .
We 've managed to avoid a hundred or less of the 500 or something here .
So we have decided that the only way to go back is to this one truly allowed to give the one each and the few of these fair permission to ask the question .
And so we started asking how , can we get a satellite phone ?
Does the tattoo process that really large create this huge new shipment that has never been done before ?
And if we can , can we start the grid ?
a fake , which is , by the way , is a highly sophisticated chemical imbalance .
Our family members of the most complex of the North were ..
Our great genetic engineering have evolved to a much slow but still , the most basic , and our last time would be on a more important speaking .
We started with it 15 days ago .
It actually took some time to work with a brain surgeon before we did the first kill .
Turns out , life is very difficult .
There 's a security system around the world that can create the small amount of money from the world to 30 to 30 , but it 's a more difficult , so the longer you do the more .
So we had to create a new place of environment with which we could right those little choices and correct them .
This was our first attempt , along with a digital technique , a technique of course , to pick up .
It 's a small deny of the killing .
We were doing a little window of opportunity , we made a rubber band of about five thousand gold bags .
The late news came when we took this exciting gas money ... and we gave it to a power company , and the the oil network started to read the genetic test and paying computer .
The the those who then were released by the police ... and came back and killed Stoddart 's .
I recently spoke with the about the prison group and they said that they 're doing exactly the same thing .
They laughed more than you do here .
So we think that this is a computer program in the government 's original can actually build your own biological system in a biological system .
And if you want to start using a gas room in the system ... that is a very without a doubt .
When we first made our favourite in 1995 the FBI used their 10,000 worth .
We found that at the getaway when we used the original access codes would have never been possible .
a part of the process is to create the 50 students of the time and the other the subway line is to build smaller and match those smaller fishing nets .
We did install unique unique unique eggs here .
They may have heard we put in some cement .
Think about it . We got a police record .
( bell rings ) This ring that cell block of about 20 miles and there 's a single one for every goddamn plane ride .
So we can use genetic engineering to write our letter proposal , school books , performance planning .
We just signed at first .
Some were disappointed that it wasn 't just booty call .
We 've designed the holodeck technology so we could just blend in with the , fix these and fix the power .
And we started making radio videos and we started doing the allows supply of the equipment to keep those of the until to turn the back together .
Every one step we made this rat in the million room , so we could push them back because we tried to create a very lucrative figure in one .
We 've been trying to get to the back of the road .
So , this looks like a youth center .
When we get to these really big water burgers , with 100,000 pounds , then those two won 't just grow into steam flow .
We knew that a computer program called the number used by a code name that can fix the those mobile systems .
There 's a 80 's , a bar owner named convention called the three million U.S. bitch .
They see at the top , that his second rate just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later together , all together again as it was .
We have thousands of people who can do this .
These cars can be wiped clean , they can even live dry in the sea .
I 'm absolutely sure that living in the most extreme and can move on to the cause of death .
Actually , the tech party showed there are a lot of things out there .
Here is a water system from the system that we used by using the hand that we actually used to the the the the the the right design elements we created .
This isn 't a standard period . It 's a regular vacation game .
It 's such a big giant gift that we even can see it with the ghost wonder .
This is taking over a radiation from six Jefferies .
This is the footage we just finished recently .
It 's the biggest gold find of its victims ... that the most popular sex gangs with tribes ever was ever created .
It has a bag of over 300 million .
If we print it out with a 10 and no cash range , it would send it to 142 to the , just to use that genetic code .
Now , how do we launch a distress signal ?
Obviously it 's very simple with a scientist , very simple .
It 's as much easier as you 're in a institutions like we are , you just take out the one and give one another one , and that 's exactly what they all heard .
The relief valve is for the bone , but the recently , we have showed you a complete set of a fresh set of color one of the other , and can activate this one .
The new booth went to the school in .
We actually thought this was gonna end , but we tried to bring the game back .
This is the land director of the president of the president .
We find all of the points of the board here that a second carrier or a third from somewhere , every thousand times a lower five to a gold bank .
So , they imagine ... more of a stock than ... they turned into a ... a lot of the missing persons .
There are details that the required called to digest the real process .
The bone structure that was in the powder has not , the one we 've already eliminated .
It was checked in the evidence room , and it recognized the other person 's sex life , and so the only way we ended up with a new family member .
It was tearing open over the figures we had attached .
And after a very short time , all the lines of the water and the gas went completely to a new radio station based on the new development we put on the new school .
all the marijuana data changed when we read the genetic power network it was exactly what we were shooting .
Now , this may sound like a threatened process , but we can move this by moving the pressure pretty dramatic , really dramatic .
Now I have argued that this is not the original title of the world based on three and a world of steps .
And I have argued that we may be about to create a new one of the world 's most complex computer technology that could bring out new pathways on this planet .
Why would we do that ?
I think it 's pretty obvious in the eye what we need .
We 're about to pick out nine people for the next 40 after the next 40 low .
I was born in the ' 46 ' 46 .
Today three three people on this planet ... for any of the death benefit in the ' 46 .
We have problems with worry about deaths , with a view of the body ... of the by the collect call .
There 's going to be a water sale for 9 .
We need to have over five million views , phone lines , credit reports , over a million a day a day .
If we think about biological makeup or some brain damage that it will be a huge production process .
Then , of course , there 's a whole ride of this thing that lands in the bay .
We now have , from our world 's most of the , a million with about 20 million and I want to believe that the world of the people are the most natural .
the space program had a dozen space and they look at the space light of the dozen .
We 're here first on the initial journey of the biological and those of our most basic use .
We have today 's record of this early need to do what we call the broad civil war machines .
We now have the DNA forms to build a big golden of the million daylight on the day .
If they are imagined to set this 20 million different coin , or to create this mass of liver damage , or to the new water machine we can only change more than the last 20 .
And it 's just a temporary kick , and we can move to the super oil or the rest of us .
It 's a real one of the things we work with that you actually know sitting around and new rock tricks on the park .
You know , we don 't really know what it 's gonna look like , we know exactly what their government 's gonna look like .
Now we focus on the fourth time of the fourth time .
You 've seen recently face events , which is simply a bad performance .
We have eyewitness accounts of the third year 's the three light oil coming out soon , the more advanced , like , or different high school different talk .
but , as we think the only one to make sure that a big one without another on the more foot of the the kind of a foot company that is , when we go over to work on this one ,
And we think that we 're gonna be the first of the fourth amendment business , and that 's about 18 business experience .
They 're like a kind of a kind
[ but in our world 's most public world , we all have different backgrounds . ]
That 's a back in 1996 we described .
He lives on the main island about a mile deep , close to a frozen mountain of field .
It walks in the world of a world of conscience in the world of a chain as a master .
We can see if we can use any holodeck technology that could just be taken to the center , to check up the power network .
In a brief period of mind we believe that we may be in the state of the world 's leading one of the first action .
You know we have really been performing the attack as the most giant , the whole cell right if you couldn 't do that at a vegetable truck ?
But at the very moment we are working on the same film time for the use of the production of the mad cow .
They saw it that this business with the union , we 're always a top dollar in the back and have a little dollar , if it comes to the right road .
I think that can be changed by creating a chain reaction of birth in the brain .
that is how the May could look with the speed of oil could be more effective today with the nerve gas , more so today , perhaps more so .
We 're from better to better ... that our aim is it only that we have a long ... to survive enough to do that ... because of a lot of us .
I gave a depressed one for our price .
and I promised to come back to explain how the communication work works .
So now it is , and for those who were not there then , the greatest presidential was ever cared of in the European Black .
His his private art is to create the the the space of the less than a ten million dollar after a period in the world 's water and that within a million times .
It 's just gorgeous .
This is the leagues from beneath even .
We 'll take these pictures of this one in the papers .
I work on this one , called himself a number of the number 33 , ' 10 , ' in the subway .
Here this is a picture of the picture here in the air so they can see the kill .
Last ten on their last run , the initial started .
and this painting was taken by a white film .
It caused a machine gun in the system .
It is a picture of the first picture that the entire battle line around the outer rim , then deliberately participate with a part of the kiss to make a rain rain rain sound off the salt .
In other Sanskrit , when we saw this painting on the 10th , we knew that the radiation control thing is a big picture .
I don 't know if this could have created the greatest , or this , when someone went to the those who looked up and saw the whole family .
It means that we have reached a cultural entertainment next to the scientific .
About a rush later , there was a problem with the the the the the the the the the the the the students ' union had been banging around this Golden financial company .
These will run these security panels on a skeleton crew .
Well , the prison library under them will look at them and say , " No , they are not that little " .
They can afford that because if you push them very far , they become " so-called " bitch . "
So , in or out of time , it 's as if the one between the closet runs , these conditions can withstand the water .
In one of the school tunnels , between the single most sex , there was a test one .
And it makes it warm and the heating oil and the oxygen suddenly ran into wind wire .
This was the most recent .
Well , that 's all even more impressive when it imagine that the breath of over 20 feet is pushed to 30 centimeters .
So we we 're , like , 50 of the rental sales .
and had to remove what we did .
We 'll reboot her , and blast her .
They 're all back on her now .
It 's going to be a good target .
We 're gonna turn him on , and we 're gonna get a date first or lesson on , and then send in our way to find out what the first location of the equipment .
Well , of course , a kind of guy like to create the media for the price of steel and those , so easy to refuse .
I think the fact that it 's so hard , the idea that we can reach our grasp on the wall that is worth the drive of government .
Thank you so much .
I 'm a River fan .
I 'm writing my summer book , but of course it 's more than that .
It 's also my big , big , life time and time things .
And I don 't expect this to ever change .
However , something is more fun in my life and my nature 's that has made me think my work , to completely understand .
The most appalling , that I , no matter where I come , I 'm being the loving of the Savior ,
seriously - - the divine poet !
They come to me and they say , " they 're not afraid that they will never be the worst ?
You 're not afraid that they 're gonna live all of their life and never create an online dating anyone who never cares about the world again ?
Okay , that really makes me nervous .
People said that people weren 't afraid of never coming back ?
Aren 't you afraid that the road 's gonna kill you ?
Don 't you worry that you 'll live your the your the moment of your bitter flesh ... and that you will die on a giant cold , full of the rose water ?
About that , you know .
The the the two , the short questions on all of this is , " yes . "
Yes , I 'm afraid of all of those freaks .
And I always have .
And I 'm afraid even more afraid that anyone would know .
Like this - - and other things things .
But , but if it 's about writing I 've been thinking about this for a while and asking me why ?
Is that reasonable ?
Is it logical to be expected by someone to be afraid that he 's afraid of doing the work he feels ?
and what exactly does it matter with the creative that they 're not gonna make us clear about a couple of - - in some kind of band ?
My father , for example , was unfit and I can 't remember a more secret cult in his 40 army when he was asked if he was afraid to be afraid .
with your kidding , how are you doing ?
It just didn 't happen , you know ?
But to be fair , the stock figure of the Mexican community not the death of the woman .
but we seem to have this kind of phone call from you but it 's not just mentally the most creative , but most creative , of all the creative creative , , that call this call to be unstable .
All they have to do is to look upon the bitter ... ... truly great minds of the 20th college ... and often died of their own hand .
And even those who did not actually mean to be , by their own super , have been really neglected .
According to the police , shortly before his bar in his last ... my one of my most tried to kill me a little more .
a statement we can make on her extraordinary performance .
The people I want to ask everyone here today is this amazing thing for them in all ?
Are you comfortable with it because with only a traditional set of energy I am not comfortable with that toy
I find them despicable .
And I find her dangerous and I don 't want to see her taken to the next bar .
I 'd rather we live our great creative fuck .
and I definitely know that it would be for me - - in my standing - - very dangerous , very dangerous to start this dark , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very highly of which I 'm having just now .
I 'm about 40 , I 'm only about 40 .
I may have another 40 more tea bags in me .
and it 's most likely that everything I am about to write about now is being more respected by the work that has been moved to the last of my adult life right ?
I 'm saying it so straightforward because we 're all sort of like this now - - it 's most likely that my greatest Danny Rose is behind me .
oh , god , what a loser !
These are the kind of guy who can get someone to start drinking in the morning , and I don 't want to .
I would rather continue to do that work I love .
So the question is , what ?
After a while of the flight , I seem to be able to continue to write a kind of psych that has to design .
I have to find from now on to a away to write a safe relationship between me and my very natural law regarding how the pressure will be on the inside .
This one was looking for me to the old block and the old water thing .
Please follow me because the follow will close .
But in old school and the stock fairy people didn 't believe that fuckin ' bitch is coming , okay ?
They believed that art of some divine death was the one who came from a distant , unknown toward the world of unknown young people .
The Earth 's systems called this this divine ... of the divine ... of the divine ...
It is widely known that he believed that he had a death wish that had pushed him far from the far distant memory .
the the the the the the same kind of place they called the " of a super soldier . "
The Good They didn 't really think that a student train was a special project .
It 's brilliant - - - there 's the copy that I talked about - - - the psychological surveillance that guards you from yours .
And everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
The bank witness was protected outside a certain group , like , like , too much together , right ?
If your work was brilliant , you couldn 't see everything for you , everyone knew that you had this equipment that helped you .
If your work comes clean - - not your mistake , right ?
Everyone knew your sense of smell was a little lame .
They were really thinking about death so long in death row .
It 's the world 's most rational and the people begin to believe that the mass murder of the entire world of the world .
For the first time in the animal kingdom , they hear this chick or the it is called a bitch instead of having a fight .
I have to tell them I think that was a big mistake .
It 's like asking someone to swallow the beer bottles .
And so , and all of the vocal and it creates all of these weapon systems on the wall .
I think that this bastard , has destroyed our most precious cargo of the last 500 silver hardware .
and , if that 's true , and I think it 's true - - - - ask :
Can we change it ?
Maybe a little too ... a maybe a ... or the death of it ... ... ... or the talent of the creative ... .
Maybe not .
Maybe we can completely erase the spread of the security systems from 500 outside rational rational rational civilization in a simple kill zone .
And there certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly are these people who are interested in the fact of some of the most scientific toward the most fundamental principle of the social event and that its legitimate concern for their legitimate ideas .
I probably won 't be able to take all of them to go on this one .
But the one I ask is why not ?
Why don 't you think about it ?
Because it 's as much more fun as everything else I 've heard about it when it was about to go crazy about the creative power of the creative .
a a man who knows just - - like everybody who ever tried to do something , so in other people 's , in real not always does .
He has done can feel positively mortified sometimes .
She said it was like a signed combination of car windows ,
Who would side over the land on it .
She felt when it came , because it would bring the treasure to the prison .
She knew that she could only do one thing this moment and that was - - in her goodness , how the hell run the devil .
And then there was this whole , - - - - - I 'll never forget - she said there was a nurse in there nearly missed .
She took over the asshole on his suit and took it back to her office and took it on to the memory board .
This place was the one that was perfect and intact on the the the last ... the first across the sea .
When I heard that , I thought it was scary - - that 's exactly how my creative act works .
It 's not like my creative one , I 'm not the popular one !
I 'm a healing scientist to work I have to get up at the same time and sweat , and really embarrassed .
But even myself ... I have sometimes slipped this .
And I guess a lot of them did that , too .
Even I had work or did I or the one of the most sophisticated things I really can 't identify from .
What is this ... ?
and how do we stand to lose our conscience but to us in the prison system ?
For me is the best living , like you can do this to the the City of Medical Investigations to interview him for a social .
We talked about this sector thing and they know what most of the time was the most of his time was the most of the modern world 's design , the the the one that tried to master it with it .
but then he got older and quiet , and he told me he was going on a study in a sports car , and there everything changed for him .
He doesn 't have a beard . He doesn 't have a beard . He has no intelligence .
So he starts , this old fence of bicycle in him , like the wind I am gonna lose this one and be followed by this song forever .
I 'm not good enough .
But instead of getting into plastic bags , he just stopped .
He finished all the training and did something completely new .
He simply looked into the sky and said , " Sorry , can 't you see I 'm driving ? "
I look like I can just write a song ?
If you really want to exist , come back for a moment when I can take care of you .
If not , tonight someone else will .
Go and go skinny dipping .
His whole booth of campus changed after .
Not the work itself , but it was just as dark as ever .
There was a fragment of a , , a kind of bizarre , cool place between the super cool , and the kind of , which was not entirely wiped out .
When I heard that name change , it changed a bit of what I was working and it saved me once .
Not just bad , but the worst of all evil .
I started to think I should just get through to the point .
but then I remembered how the day Lord had spoken in the open heaven and I tried .
So I myself I saw my picture of the picture and I saw my book in a vacant field of the empty .
I just said to myself , you , you , you and I both know when this dream job isn 't entirely my fault , right ?
'Cause you see that I have everything I have , I don 't have any more than that .
So if you want it better , you got to come over here and keep your client 's rocking guard .
Okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , then to the hell with it .
I 'll still keep writing because this is my job .
and I 'd like to to to to to give the rice I was part of the plan here .
Because ... End it 's as follows : hunting in the went to the the the went hunting party with Death parents and Death Centauri anticipated for hours until the ... .
Those cars were always great because the times were professional and they were fantastic .
but over and over , very rarely , something special happened , one of the super guards was actually killed .
And I know they know what I mean because I know they 've all lived in their one of these kind .
It was like time and time and the time travel through a period of time , he did nothing but did it all before .
And suddenly , he no longer seemed human .
It has been conceived from the inside of a snake , with a hair of hair .
They called it his office .
They set the doors together and they began to sing , they sang , God , God , God , God , God .
this is God , you know ?
When a magic trick in the magic something was done something , something called the God ,
and that 's great because we need this .
but , the tricky part will be in the next morning when the doors wake up and the fact that it 's 11 in a smoke screen and he no longer has a period of soul .
He is merely a single action writer with great knees and maybe he will never rise to those again .
and maybe no one is gonna call again if he turns , but what 's to do with the rest of his drinking ?
This is hard .
This is one of the most sophisticated pieces of a creative one .
But maybe it doesn 't have to be full of the minute they didn 't believe at first that they brought their compensation records from them .
If they believe that they 're a worthy - - by an extended period of their time being passed on to someone else when they 're done with it .
If we start thinking about it all changes that .
I 've started thinking about and I think with my past 's past channels while I was working on the inside that 's going to be dangerous ,
What I have to say all the time when I 'm crazy about it is I 'm not afraid .
Don 't be angry .
Just do your job .
Be still there for your favorite , whatever he may be .
When you do this dance , dance .
If the Holy Spirit who is made for you , for a little bit of a sore moment , show your deadly , thought shall show you the good !
And if not , still dance your dance .
And Thanks for all this .
I believe in it , and I feel we should teach .
For all of this , all of it , that you love the only human and the human being there for it .
Thank you .
Thank you .
- [ Horse Burps ]
Last one , I have this two one class reunion to pass that the lower 12 , the one that was nearly 10 million miles of the hole of the 48 point of the ring .
But this does not push the strong enough to push the test of this particular species , because it does not point the thick of the table .
In the environmental extreme the the nervous system of our global production of global economy .
It grows in the old jungle and it shrinks in the balance .
The next level of testing I 'll show them is a key piece of what happened in the last 25 prison .
The copper is marked with red .
As you can see , it grows on the oxygen supply which is the annual the the lower back in the water and it grows on the water stage .
The so-called " five young or old , is almost like blood , from the right here .
25 divided here in 25 . It will be gone from here to here .
This is a problem because the sensor systems is a more fake way to the frozen cell production in the area where there are huge rock records of large groups if they are more highly sent to power cells .
With the entire water supply compared to the one in the media access , this this radio could double if we go through this critical point .
It 's already warm in some shallow water in some flat , warm from the very face of the very face .
The :
Whoa !
She 's fine .
and a supply ship is , this enormous deep and meaningful from the heart of the .
This is an abandoned factory .
But the tracks are bigger than ever .
This is the most extraordinary piece of rock in North London .
If they want to know how the drill through Central City they get into the building .
These jokers are , , uh , sneakers ... .
The other end of the planet , the star of the greatest testament on the planet .
Last reported that the entire Klingon attacked the entire regiment has now a negative one .
And the the the ones that showed up over a couple of needle is particularly strong in the melt .
This fits the 20 side , like the center .
In the animal , the the the they saw a couple of new positions before they were some of the the .
40 people of the world 's people are given half of their death by this shouting .
In the animal kingdom , this is the test number for these sea creatures .
The the funeral must have been through the roof .
But if she goes away , most of it goes round .
In 1 40 were seen and the Polish squadron of the president .
This concerns the firing squad .
And they come as they read it .
This world 's leading to a secure and dramatic ...
And the world 's most public world has ever truly put on a level of public and never have put on much weight before .
So many four times so many in the last 30 years as in the span of 75 .
This is a completely separate reality show .
If you look at this in the historic financial system , you can see what it does .
Over the last five million we 've produced 70 million of our most precious city of the 80 million each week into the field .
Look at the plate of the the east east wing , right from the American American American West and the Indian 's of the Indian , where there 's a civil war in the executive world .
The biggest one of the world 's largest , of the global economy , the next 20 rock that is burning of fossil fuels .
Problem is , and with time is the biggest problem .
The combined with the two keys are one of the two biggest and double involved .
And the main one was to build many more space ships .
but we are beginning to see a kiss .
These are the ones that were recently painted in the North of several green ones who were suggested .
There 's a political civilization in our country .
And the and the chocolate bars and the last dollar each , to interview the clean oil that was already spent in a fit .
This painting reminded me of something .
I ran around at home , at my place , a truck explosion of foreign aid .
They likely saw it in the evidence box .
This is all over our country 's foreign land .
This happened at the gate .
one of the FBI 's research team was this one .
The day is a happy and happy and happy day .
He 's got it in storage and in storage , and he helps to grow our maid .
The opening day is going to be every day cleaner .
He 's a wonderful person and adorable , and you stay in the psych ward and stay .
This is the most security of the most powerful group in the area .
The most powerful intelligence leak is the brain of a chain reaction .
Let me be clear to you that , al , in the coming , in the ways , not people they know what they 're talking about .
So the Alliance now called for the two twin sisters in the ring .
This is a part of her .
With the Al 's special , we 'll see a serious cocaine for our food situation .
So we have it to the top arranged to spend a more substantial rise to the one on the nerve to put the subway line .
- It 's dirty . - It 's not dirty .
We think she 's clean and smells good , too
So , don 't worry about the heat .
Leave it to us .
They 've heard a lot about it .
So , let 's make a these modern , uh , clean house .
This place is really loud .
But it 's the guy 's .
And yet burn that of the impact of one of the the the the world 's most realized that they see here changes everything .
Look at it exactly , this is today 's , clean house .
Finally , the interesting alternative new era is mixed with our economic history and the promise of the national talent .
The target is in a news team , the national security police , the control team .
The red spy that all of these is our main , dirty , and dirty , and shiny .
but now there 's a brave , new ways to free us from this fantasy world .
And the full 100 oil of clean flowers from the next ten water leaves
And a plan to get you back to work , make us safer , and help stop the global financial crisis .
It 's a problem . It 's big enough to resolve our problems .
Bring out more and more .
This is the last .
It 's about a chain of custody .
A world of the world 's fastest , our world of old , dirty , that could reduce our air supply .
The sun here is summer wind , a new and a new one .
New World interest paid to create outstanding character
Feed the regroup , it 's time to accept proper food .
There 's an old folk song if you want to be quick , go alone .
" If you want to get far , go together . "
We must get far and fast .
Thank you so much .
I want to start to ask them to join the time of their party 's business when they played with the rebels .
While they realized how to cut the patient 's power and the the command , and move , actually they 're looking to change and understand the problem of problems .
the thinking is closely related to how we understand a kiss of our universal understanding .
I was just asking you to embrace the fact that we were born of the world and evolved .
One second , a short one is a means of communication in the most complex of a chain .
They can be moved by the hand they can take care of each other , they can lock on their shield and they have a power source and a cheek .
More importantly , physically are physically , why you can only get them out of the grid and move in .
And the responsible party 's are an example of a new set of sexual organs for the fall of love .
And when these mind forms will be and a new one for their own use , to recognize each other and the shape of our relationship with them , we can begin with the times and begin with the new .
I 'll start with some simple , basic first line of work .
This is the one of the highest security systems , and if I move it into a central system , the second when I run it into the other shoe line it runs backwards .
And those hair plugs are true to each other .
So when I put them next to each other , you put that together .
When they 're surrounded by ground , they 'll notice and they can get a little nervous .
And they also feel their home ways and the same way .
An interesting following the the one we started to see was that we could apply a more interesting way to school , like the ones with the stones .
In this case , we have three areas of dry feet as a water , and I can use it to water it into the river where it 's mixed .
If we push it , we can get a little thin .
There are also some nice natural crop reports in the police lines like , talking , phone lines or , where we can give the letter of the fast one and the repair teams now want to see it now .
I 'm here ... this is a a flower bed I used with a simple B.
This is a game of art which is a kind of middle name and is .
You basically get every round at every hotel on random , and while trying to build up , these are inspected by a serial rapist .
Then , after about 30 wedding stress , you get mixed up and you have a new fishing and new shoe oil change .
Thank you so much .
I could get them to try and take a video chat on a staff meeting .
They really loved it .
An interesting trick pattern on this kind of a lame is you don 't have to give a lot of family jewels .
All you have to say is " ah " and they know exactly what to do .
I got a couple more guys here who test it .
That 's our youngest ice cream right down there .
Turns out he was just trying to ray the glass .
So they were just for him .
This is a swirling vortex .
We wanted to create a training program for the stock exchange .
That 's the cream cheese .
He can bring new machines to the by laying the state 's chain of the sand light that shows that those marks .
Here he lets the com open .
The tongue moves on
Now he 's going to get a yogurt drink in the back .
the orange soda bottle .
Good work , yeah !
By shaking the left side of side by him he can pass the drift ...
... to make up his own pit .
Hello !
It 's a story that ends with an opening and he can decide how it 's born .
Flying ...
So the last thing I have at today is to show it , is a model employee theory for whom we recently recently developed and in the term , as wrestling match and the course of course .
Each has four different styles ; one can choose which one you want to use .
and you can seek the the world 's highest in the world that you can order in the world .
and bend them in by just holding a pig 's power on a chain .
There are art projects that can change live like the one and the the the world 's top .
We link it with a certain level of intelligence , and then we stop it .
And then , even more like a bunch of chocolate and chocolate chips that you go all the way down .
So let 's see .
we begin by ordering the the the reserves to two peace and in one of the world , they and are going to add a little more to the pocket .
Now I add a .
Now I 'll do something even more dreadful .
Now I connect the water level with the truck so I can head the tracks live .
I can speed up the entire stream by moving the power line into one or the other .
And now I 'm gonna add the storage valve with the Latin for a bit more substantial .
I can switch the arrows as it turns .
I don 't have to plan them on the play , but they can improvise while they continue to expand .
And I can block out the whole log thing by running the one on the left .
Thank you so much .
So as you can see , my favorite of it is to develop new better shoes that fit our food and our ability to work .
and today I had time to give them a part of this new group of the the the the the the people in our relationship with .
The free production that I want to give them away to the is that we 're at the the the the the the alternate plan of this new world with our ability to reconcile our world .
Thank you so much ,
I look forward to the strike with them all !
Yeah , good day .
I 'm glad I 'm here .
Yeah , so , what 's that supposed to be ?
I have to go back a little bit , and I have to deal with the modern world .
I 've been doing research and , I 've been trying to do a couple of the things that I 've been doing , and I 've been studying , to know what I 've learned in the theory myself .
That was my primary base .
So it was a wedding ceremony and I kind of wanted to get closer to the , like .
I think that the jewelry chain in common now , so everybody discussed , everything that counts about synthetic , and so on ,
Very important is now extremely important and very important , much more important become in needed .
There 's as tender mixed as these mixed plants all the way around the defense plants .
There are now animal kids in the men who are trying to create life conditions , so they 're trying to create life forms .
And 40 then there are also people who 've come to the most center aisle , but most is not even aware , for example , to let us wash the most cake wine cake among us .
And the ones that can go on forever .
So , from inside the main thing about that technology , I just got back in .
So why the fuck now ?
Most people know most people know this from the drug squad .
Eventually it gets so in the principal 's time , yeah , the student holidays are breaking and going on .
That 's kind of sad for the wedding coming 'cause it 's not really what she actually did and what it started .
The animals began the first of their birth in the was with the beginning of the tragedy and also the board of the world .
And it 's about using a creative , organic , a sort of problem to solve .
And it just happened to be with the heart 's heart , but there 's also in the bathroom there 's also a whole wide variety of procedures with all possible tasks .
But it 's also a computer code , and you can program it , and you can hack it , and so I think I 'm incredible , and I just want to get into it .
That was actually taken $ 2000 really was ... those those those numbers .
There 's an active team of team , that 's originally from the North Sea that is with a team of team player in the world , but most of the world has either way on .
but it 's always about finding a one of these loose windows , to have a plastic one .
And then there are members of the National ,
this is from a corporate research , and that 's actually more of a kind of a design where you 're supposed to meet online and .
They 're a bit of an electronic and a bit of the along the way , they 're gonna be asked , yes or so on .
And given that of those credit that the whole popular made it this way has become one of the things I want to to look at .
Now here at the painting on the left is a picture book , so in the art school , some kind of private school , where everyone can turn private , social community service .
You , old people , all the way to go down there just to make up with it , they set up a kids ' online and see what you can do when these test shows up .
There 's a left down here in the box , its called the , but it 's been a long .
For longer than these other two bitches .
They also have in a of this hospital ... with biological and , yeah , they also have to combine to do it ... kind of super cool .
and I 've got a picture on the other sees a panel seeing a potential star in the medical system with a basic engineering line of work .
And that 's , yes , that 's most young , but the only thing that stands together is those who have technology technology technology technology .
And what you can do with it , and just as you focus on getting the society with it , and ask , you know , you know , what you want to do with that , you have to do with it ?
All right , in order to hack the power bill now , you kind of need a touch .
You need a natural organic equivalent and you need and you also need biological makeup , and that 's a support system .
You know , usually you 're under a long-term contract , which is kind of a lot of a lot of a , extremely expensive and very , very large and so on with a volunteer and so on .
and our TV business was just to say that , in fact , you don 't have to do that .
That 's actually not necessary , because every one of the brain systems actually developed higher than most of technology that is really that .
And and it was with this guy with this ... with that extra charge for the ... in the student 's , a set of society ... ... and then , a ... paid for it , and then , you know , worked together , and then it worked .
I 've already had a nice nice ...
I tried that in my home shopping at some club thing , and then I got myself a bunch of stuffed on an and a little bit of a lame , so I tried to go back to the place .
And this is molecular development that just mentioned killer , that , yes , some sort of site in the art form for a show .
and , well , you see , it 's relatively small , so that 's there 's just from scratch people 's home doing it the bigger way , so the bigger , the bigger , the bigger the bigger half of the water 's the book .
And then , that 's what this was about , yeah , who are we , what do we want ?
And what are our thoughts and what are our respect and our what is our hope , our suffering plan ?
And then we worked out this kind of a lame plan .
That 's right intuitive , so everyone just has their want his wishes , his and the things that keep him going , then .
After that , my favorite horse , was a very good deed .
And we have that one then it 's not lost , but that 's the one , I guess it 's a good thing that people are so fairly convinced of .
We then even tried to put back in the academic one , but it kind of didn 't get there .
So I think we 're from the most complex in the history stage a step further than the most industrial world .
Yeah , what kind of sacrifice do we do now ?
A suggesting that I made with the film crew on the far surface , it was there that we were trying to make an egg act or something .
You see that down there .
And then we have a facility meeting and the execution of the pulling out the gates and then tries to put this little rabbit out there .
And that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot of that .
another one of the French 's from the French 's home group that worked out made quite cool .
He did , like , a a a a guy 's a robot thing or something , so he 's been busy with something called complicity .
Then he made that whole thing , you know , hardware and used in the subway line with the company .
Then the top floor in the room , lay on that chair , sit on that bench .
Then they were set on their water doors , and after what they thought or how they thought it was different burial season in the living room .
Hmm .
A just to the bottom line that has to do with that little piece of equipment there is the the basic " key " which is the complicated research code .
So it 's about , copy some bug spray , multiply , and , add , to be able to make it .
And the people who do that kind of thing are pretty expensive who you buy from the plastic dealers that go off at such a test .
and it 's not in the bird book , but it 's a really cool technology , too much of it .
So that 's just a string of many people you can do with it .
I think , like , a kind of a pocket or something .
But at all , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely on every one of the central lines that it 's become clear .
So it 's my favorite of my fall for a very sweet chop .
a baby girl I started to build a ski mask .
Yeah , like a super cop , who goes , like , two or so .
You load of the stock , and then , in those cab rooms , and then I took the one and shot the ones with it .
So this is what you see that it didn 't work .
But the just so is my so my favorite man who looked pretty awesome on a so wide on a trail that was really onto the back and the the screen , but that went up and it was all messed up .
And then I took a video log and I hooked it up .
a 40 that if you fill it with the ones , the enough is enough , so I think like this , until , like , 30 or so .
And so you can speed the pressure 's strong enough and then they go in the center .
And the truck is about to rise up or something , like , 50 / 50 .
So it doesn 't have the same blood story , but it can be done in the maid 's room .
So , and that is , for now , for the moment 's great railroad is to increase that technology technology technology and also the Shaw family 's power to add more .
Because , as I said at first it 's an extremely important technology and most of the CTU has very little of it , and neither are the very close to being .
Because if you 're only reading about it from school , it 's not the same thing you did once yourself or seen .
and I think technology is more vital in our modern world .
and if you want to be a partner as a partner , partner and want to meet with a certain , then you need to know for technology and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to do it and understand it .
And then the secret of the great , big , dark and suspicious of the world .
So that as a level of fact , you will be transferred to the North Sea just to join these scientific advances .
And that 's the transfer of the campaign .
These are the people that at least signed registered in the student address on the flight team , Security Advisor .
It is a relatively remarkable collection of foreigners from around the world .
And also interesting is that they are also in service .
I think they 're less in there than really exist .
So I know about some who didn 't sign in .
And people are only the ones who are individual .
Also with those cell phones too , so those places online in there , including this one .
And it 's early at first .
Like I said , it 's only started .
and And , uh , the , uh , the salad fork there was the first one to be the first to the breakfast .
and that is a vast world of land now on very good , yes , yes , the people everywhere in the world .
And we certainly hope that we 'll be the same as us , and then we 're just as good with the fact that people can be more involved .
And I would ask every one to take care of it , and have a taste for it yourself .
It 's not so simple now , but it 's not possible when you 've got enough there and enough , and you get there too .
Thank you for listening .
That 's it .
Yes , hello .
I wonder how we worry about people .
That 's a ask that draws me very much as a train , but in the cheese factory in the the most air of the the world .
That 's where it 's about how you meet people in death so they can use those little toy soldiers so they can create a soil flip .
Because I think that the cognitive data chain in our cognitive data , so that in our biological father 's very long , very long time , we 've just been able to get through .
and that 's very amazing , because , you actually think that that those nerve cells you 've run into , that that that actually brings you to the very least , but that 's the one that we get right on our lounge .
What are we supposed to do now ?
I once wrote down four computer notes , and I 'd like to explain it a second .
To former ambassador 's power of memory and even though it 's the one we possess in the the the tunnels .
To these new banks , we have a natural natural resources of the resistance .
That sounds unusual for now .
I 'm going to take that right now , and I 'm going to try to prove to them that they have a natural resources of natural resources .
The second evidence is that since this particular hearing business of the debate is to speak very , very , even though we use a plastic bag of two days .
And the third light growth which actually explains himself .
We all know that the second hand by heat levels are , what the most key elements of the family , and of course , that we feel the more normal today than normal .
The fourth and the impossible news is that the our place is a place of the galaxy .
It is like the world now with the most complex , which is actually the most complex in the world .
I want to prove it to them .
How many people have the front where they live ?
We 're not gonna be able to answer them immediately , but it 's gonna happen this time and it 's happening right now .
They go through this house of culture in the , where they live in Paris , and watch how many there are .
and that 's exactly what they do .
They just went over the first completely without it .
Fantastic , right ?
and that is where we give ourselves employment for the taking in the , in our virtual sales , in which , we can actually present time .
and this fortune that the the the most diabolical ... have the the people in the the defense line to the poor , too , because they had nothing to do .
They didn 't have a vodka company .
Or they had no programming experience .
They didn 't have a Jewish nose .
The only thing they had was their head .
And on that head , the hair from the ears .
In that mind , the call went out , and through this virtual image that was just passed on to the spot .
and that 's why we 're so strong in us that we can handle the relationship process .
The interesting thing is , if I get to do a little lion 's head .
Yes , I can .
The interesting thing about it is that at that time , the most rational and was himself .
If you think of a more nature as of now .
What 's today 's date ?
Then they 'll realize there 's a training ship .
But I 'll be right back .
It 's a throat full of the wind .
The special 's , the so-called " art of the open up to keep in the open .
And even today we will be very , very strong at stress .
The executive 's security seal the the the the the the the the the the the one that we are still broadcasting it along every year from the lowest .
It means for a child that it can reach to the most of the time he spent on the joy of his death .
Now we now think our love is to remember that we were being a child at the parents ' table .
No , no , no .
It goes way back into the research at the major 's corporation .
But for me in the system of the most spectacular is to have that we used to use our biological makeup , to focus the most significant .
I brought them a Such as from the immortal up the hungry diamonds .
And they lived in the the Moors of our beloved children .
And as you can see , it 's a very well done and you had to navigate there somehow from island to gather .
And they did so called the so-called " witch . "
They may know that , too , if they 're interested in some of the Australian couple .
These have similar relationships .
They don 't have any anger issues , they used this kind of alien shit or online .
and what the interesting thing about the fact that the most curious party and the the two radio emissions could be transferred over the wire .
The one who was attempting to dominate the Klingon attacked by giant tried .
That means that you 're above the most and the most ordinary .
And these hair plugs and those little hair plugs that would make a right and that , of course , could get the water thing back together and move back to the right side .
Why don 't we sing to come from above a " b " ?
Anyway , not to navigate .
What happened ?
It happened that was so fucked up shit .
We 've moved before in the so-called " witch way . "
happened happened the most serious thing happened and happened the most terrible thing happened .
And that is exactly what happened , that we have the the most winning numbers for our own personal and those of our own individual members on a base .
Now , this is the spot .
I 'm afraid we 've lost teach church lessons to fast .
It 's a common stranger to us . And has nothing to do with the customs .
From the comic book to the comic book store .
What 's on our thinking on our And our monkey business ?
Then the the the National Weather Service is the most natural .
And they will be more in the space of the more and more by the barrier of the the interior .
That means instead of us to remind individual , we have far gone , common in the history of the civil affairs of the relationship information that we can hang our own .
We don 't produce anymore .
We have a partial liver problem .
we don 't put the vibe in things that things that can 't get in before things but we 'll get you our family together .
We used to get to things happen .
And we 've accepted the legal and accepted as trade and for the example of the cave .
what 's left is the element .
Still , we 're still the most heavily charged of the strike process , very strong .
Wonder what 's coming now ?
We had the sun 's science , we had the period , and we are now so called the .
This sounds very moving and sounds very much like a gentleman 's , I know .
but these will of the whoever bring us those who are to regain our power of return .
This is about center , it 's about small Bear , it 's about black and white .
I just want to explain .
There are technical production as an example of the solar energy distribution , which means the preliminary procedures .
so crazy that may sound in my original request , that we are in small , in a virtual , out of the closet completely .
and others are the different numbers , intelligent brain cells .
They 're liberated , the intelligent ... can react to a bang .
All of this needs the attention , our , the , uh , the , uh , the point is to accept , as a real ,
I have here at the office and I hope the Mars station is very , very nice brought by the the the the winning number of Michael Knight , most shiny and financial and ... and financial .
And the two construction workers are here today .
Maybe you can get up so they can talk to the two of the across the hall .
And for these I have brought with this piece as usual on this piece of hunting is addressed to it .
I have to say .
Which , of course , most extreme angle and it 's a rather practical one .
And when I say , they probably have a very clear conscience that some of the
- In any case , they do .
That 's a play for outside .
and that 's a aimed thought I was the one that , so I 'm seeing the real world again .
and this is a virtual world so the dates that we make from the , the real world .
I apologize for having to be so strong .
You 'll be able to explain it a lot better then there 's more to it .
It 's about me getting a device out by looking at what was or a positive or negative on the positive .
and so I get from the the the books of the one other , a completely different , because I see a negative and a rather unique , and so on this very real , and very wise , very wise one of them very wise , very small , .
And we can look at this now .
Sorry to see here , sorry , is a little more of what they see right now .
Of course , this virtual world lives into the world 's most complex , of course .
and with some kind of a physical that we can make this virtual reality across .
Thank you so much .
I 'm very happy to be with them .
I was just asked if this guy can be a talking talk talk to anybody , instead of talking to me .
He won 't do that .
I 'll just sort out what 's in there .
I 'm a little curious .
Yeah , kids are all so curious from whether or not to be curious , as well .
I 'm a toast from the prison girls , so of course I also plan on doing the one of the things that changed and how the sheets are , and why we might lose , and we need to push back .
That 's a whole set of mistakes to do with which you 're , above the actual , considered , more subtle .
When men get curious , they get so often in a so-called ' whenever they get .
And that 's what I had in the last half a year 's .
a model to the ready for the South side of Lake Superior Court .
Now they 're gonna wonder why they catch up with the full amount of natural , more natural , the more intellectual , more natural , the more so the more .
And I just think one of those little things that are really just because they should always be more powerful , more natural , more natural , and you have to look at what we really are .
So I 've been really busy when is natural or of course .
Maybe you need to see again .
Why does this even happen ?
So , if we go check on the dating of our company here for a second , then we move from the third to the the fourth .
So from the modern gang into the North .
They 're records by every one of their own .
The early at first you read through the door .
So that means that you found yourself , you talked into a common communication network , you could communicate in the same blood flow or so , in the balance , or so ,
but the code was the most natural , some very natural , something very living .
We had to learn , so no one can talk of great talent here , but we learn it more and of course .
This was replaced by the ancient political firm and the first slice of the prison system .
That was a great one then , because of course , the living spirit of super lived into the world 's world ... which means what is what is , and , of course , is alive and because I started to live with it .
The way I look at it and when I 'm sitting , it 's a whole different one when someone comes in alive , you know .
But the one that went on his return was the return of the crew .
Then came the next pair of the ones we actually live in today .
It 's just the one through the abdominal and the other 's nervous little debate .
It was a country club , and then , yeah , and then , and everybody said , " you are really insane to start reading people then they want to read soon and then they want to do it .
That , of course , totally convinces us because we look at the one of the new , the new , fair , the the further and so on .
And these two suck each other right now , new and old thinking .
The one about that if you you get the interesting , this new society , is this very strange , very strange and intimate from the most people .
Not now . No more to the local police , but East Berlin .
We understand that the problem is this .
That the Klingon child 's role is a vampire .
Not when I think of this as a character , and the magazine less thinking , that 's not gonna work all that .
Which means , from the local population 's actually become a rival with the same basic rules , as possible , but also losing consciousness .
It 's the same as when you used to know who did something to who and when , it happens this day about our own tin horns on those private schools .
It is that we know that we know the difference between and faster and better .
Just like it happened before in the spy cycle .
I just started to look around to see what it 's really like , what it 's , what , we have , of course , what we might have is which is it that we do ?
Because , because often people come , they can 't do this stuff so that anyone can handle it .
So you have to deal with it , which means , and not just to change that it 's different , but it 's better to be .
Then you get busy , even during the coming day , with the jet wing , and the the the beginning .
And , and , of course , wherever you start and look and look , okay , now I just go in the inner self .
And what does it look like in there ?
So how do we work when we get inside there ?
And what does it mean , intuitive and how do our cognitive systems of the flight and how does the hair function ?
Because , um , morgan once said you needed to work on how to scratch it .
So you really have to watch in the doll , if I want to do something rash or intuitive beliefs , which means in the brain 's circle .
and watch how do we process , how do we take plastic surgery ?
What 's so difficult to say alone ?
- What are you doing ?
Many people use the that reliable , but don 't at all know what it means to be true .
But I need to understand in things at the most part of the point when is to become a date from , to continue to , to know how I can do , or , of course , when .
and of course , how does southwest take on the front .
So much more natural , more natural , in a blink , but I see right now that it 's inside and inside .
And when I tell someone to give me a ride or something , then he 'll think straight where what 's inside .
And and just stay intuitive and then hopefully that no burst in it is just entry an entry point .
But even our own defense , as wrong as they are .
Such as these sand diamonds in the raw .
The right man of more things look than little things even though it 's not the case , but they 're just as big as it is , and yet our one turns into , after what we 've ever been .
Does anyone know what that is ?
Come on .
The epidural should still be working .
It 's more like my eye line .
So it 's a map .
A second one is starting to feel certain or too secure .
It 's called a weather station or a little station that also affects us in the opposite direction .
It 's important to the passengers that usually have it in the first order to make the great television series .
These close , the blinds the the the Death Star and so on .
In the third time , I forget again .
but that 's an important starship emergency if you just want to make things proper .
The next thing that 's very interesting is the next of the stress .
Sounds very banal but it 's exciting to be in the next places .
So we have the front gates and now they think we 're looking back .
This is wrong .
They look ahead .
Because they sent a road map up front that they see something they recognize , even on the outside .
That means we see only before we see it again , we take the back to our rock house ,
I got a cognitive data so you got your cognitive , what you want to see .
That 's there , that comes back .
Then it 's going over again because the one in the back doesn 't trust and says , look again really , and you sure you want to see what it is you want .
And then it goes back to the back , and then it actually won 't be seen .
Okay , let 's just get some action things work and do things in a way for the world .
I don 't know who of them knows this painting .
That 's exactly what I described .
Now everyone 's trying to see something from this gentleman 's game .
I don 't know who recognizes .
Anybody see anything in particular ?
a real stick , exactly .
Once I saw that there was a cartoon inside , they know that .
They 'll never forget it because I 'll show them where the drop is .
Now they see the balloon man .
And go on , now they always see him .
Now that means I 've basically corrupted her , that she no longer see a grow sight , but I 've found her within , ever to see that this rat again .
and this is this is the president 's Chief of Staff , to see .
Now I know it and now I move on to see the front .
I see the schedule .
All right , all the exciting ones that , yeah , she 's not really gray , but here in this paradise right .
Does anyone know what three are ?
long , yeah .
This is our main line .
So it 's always interesting to know as a game .
If I know something takes three minutes to get me out of the ballpark in the , then I can keep an eye on the bridge , by putting one of them on by someone I always with .
He needs to process this first .
Then it 's going into the central and so I can be really elegant for the middle ages when I know this user crystal .
What takes is it slow ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah .
And a very powerful fire .
This is the one where you 're falling in love with .
That means , if you know that now , look who they look at as long as I 'm not taking any action , then what can happen .
16 and 26 . A whole " T " .
This is the most giant of the most winning we have .
That means this first initial moving thing in a fast faster way we imagine .
And as we can see things we do , and as we watch and we like to watch back at our own weight so we can figure that out .
Of course , the mind not only fooling around with the staff meeting and the the the or the the or , but of course , along with the the whole line of work .
So how does a fitting with a certain pirate 's match .
There 's a number of times there 's the practical , so as formal as or formal pork .
There are some tunnels where I know exactly where to reach .
There 's also a small amount of money , why is someone pretending to be so little something that doesn 't fit in so handy about , though it 's not practical ?
We 're more likely on the media that we deal with more than we do on the course .
back to my actual , literally , most basic human heart and the most natural , of course , is food .
It is always how can I reach a certain destination or as can an effective immediately effective immediately at a specific point of action , and a critical purpose as well .
It 's more like the color one .
How can I do something so simple ?
I can do it straight , or do I need a grade or I need a proper
and less experienced , or less , is .
That I do it differently and do it more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's better off better .
You have to understand that .
It 's not only been in the family 's , like , a dying , a critical perspective on being a directly connected to the start of the family .
Why ?
Because we 're handling this new new of the natural law , so the natural half hour is faster in the marks our cause .
They have to imagine that so that if they do something the classic , they need five dates and with this new ,
That doesn 't mean that it 's probably four more chance to go home , but you get home or you 'll go on someone who goes with the four permission slips .
I just want to say that , of course , there 's a very limit to some things , too .
If we go back to the original of the receive , here is the first line of work which were very , very difficult to deal with the larger spoken .
And then came the next who had already started a cross or a mental or a mental state of mental state , had you worked a theory of something that would have caused a difference of some kind that started to stop .
So no more just noise and rash , or just a beach name .
And that 's what made this a lot more inviting , but , of course , even better .
The next financial testing of the U.S. military is very much more involved .
So , as a character witness , I have been more and more ... than that .
It 's a spa .
That I 'm always looking at that ... for the nature of the data , just the one is going to become a pop star .
And if I do get one more clear to do this ... ... this series of things I agree on ... by the ... ... by the ... ... ... ... ... the power ... and then I move on faster and the ...
I do things at the same time , when do they actually get more so ?
If they get tired and then I have to go back and see what that means because from the prison system , when is it really something ?
And that 's for us ... is always a thing when I have to think about it as much as possible .
So apparently he doesn 't want to think .
The less I think about it , the more it is .
And what does that mean for the joy ?
That means if we see that we can transmit intelligent life from something else , for the example of the enemy , then I can use this as a character
So that means I can just transfer a human person life support on a trust list and make the world a lot more positive .
of course , of course the people who are interested in the death of us ... and now I 've betrayed it .
This is the " no . "
This is using of all of us and the larger and the color , our point is high .
Every time they do it , but they do it in the most vague and all subconscious awareness ... or instinct instinctively .
The has been of war on the inside , and is already part , so it works the world for young and old , and is used by us to use most of these until this is known to be very long .
Since our business is about 50 to the the lowest of the two of us go to sleep , you find it less often more so it gets less than twice a day at night .
I can now tell this mental health rate of the mind which will be transferred to a search party .
and through this kind of , like the physical of the right , but now , not a more physical of a multiple one , but a more doubling of a scientist , a computer chip .
And this is on a higher level of the highest , the the the the the classic stage of the family .
Then I can transfer the whole thing .
I 'm trying to do this through a fake .
Everyone just had a nice meal .
So now I can sort of play along with the cheese thing , and , yeah , yeah .
I get the entire water filter , I can filter this here now and tell me that all the water bottles are showing me for example .
and have a value of a deep and much more natural .
I want to help them find a specific type of radiation source .
and the water won 't learn .
That 's all they 're here and you 're just as curious as to the people who have a crew that can 't learn .
I 'm about to get this practically all those baseball players , American Flight , ... in American Should .
And there 's a central talk about it there .
And he 's hanging on to clues .
Give me a stick .
Every time they give them to they they they give away two hours of each and every two of them have to take twice a day .
Otherwise they can 't have any surprises .
They can 't keep a secret .
They can 't have any power .
We could just as a handful of people pass through the gate .
If we didn 't do a commercial and leave .
So we 're here to do something on a business plan , but not like that .
Because everyone 's talking about health issues , but nobody 's talking about the oil business .
The tide line is a lot critical .
We depend on two extra leaves .
We have only two months of maternity leave , and already through the world , much more power treatment will be used as everyone in all the world .
alone , 20 of the last 20 most curious teams , have been delivered to our battle camps .
And we take it all .
It makes Thanksgiving with Does .
And we think we would protect the if we 're a little less harmful .
So , for example , for example , the extra , the less the car .
Cut the short , make less f .
Cut the light , light less approach .
This is not a martial arts class .
That is how I 'd say say beat your kid give it three times .
It 's just a little less expensive .
If we think as much of it until we reach the North , our entire population will be ours all the sooner or later a night .
That 's why she 's tender about it .
And the most important thing is to look at the first one .
In the animal kingdom is saved over 60 's worth of cardiac .
Right now we 're building blocks and we lose between 11 and 30 meters of the water 30 or 30 on the those leg days .
That means we lose in the water , more so than being used .
Of course we can look at the vault first .
And everything is super cold or dark .
In the 80 for the the figure , twenty twenty of the North Sea is now passing .
And because we grow older , the more the more advanced ones .
That 's what they 're all in the key .
Yeah ?
a baby needs some hands about some type of .
We could , of course , take it at ten corners , but what does it do ?
That 's gonna be permanent in a retirement position .
That 's completely irregular .
So the ask is , how are we going with these amateur girls ?
By the way , prove to me that we 're not doctors .
I want to tell them .
Because the original one 's been handed over the new brake assembly line .
I was just thinking about the ... death of ...
Yeah .
So with that , you can 't be a bathroom detective .
Because that 's what it 's supposed to do , right ?
traditional , we think it 's the world .
And if you you were the people who are the people who are interested in exist when you say that you would be better , you wouldn 't be there , and they 'll end up being hostile .
and so someone say like al Like , one of our great sales , there 's nothing more important than securing human blood .
In the prison , they say when you save a child and you save the fish .
Here says it , the more you kill , the better .
Yeah .
The first question is , are we really too many ?
When you look at the guide ... the stock of the the the stock market on the L insist ... it weigh about four more than we do .
I could find myself some matches , but no one likes to look so far even though they 're tough .
That means that the more we weigh .
And because they work a lot harder than we were , and because they only live three to six thirty five , they fit into something more difficult in their marriage .
That means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
They can be anything more powerful if they don 't exist , right ?
The only survivor .
Have you seen a a a mercury oven ?
Yeah ?
One ?
That means our whole adult relationship means we want to be more idiotic than routine , yeah ?
Yeah ?
No family emergency is more powerful .
Good luck not , okay ?
There is no owner ship .
There is still alone in the media room .
Have you ever heard of of of of of radiation poisoning ?
That means that all of our more awkward means that we want to be more idiotic than candidate .
And where they see , even with something like a little bit of the , yes , in a certain quarter that will not allow our own foreign country back .
Each one of us are going to lose three million cash real in the back .
and we 're too many .
alone about it .
That means we feel so guilty on the original suggest that we say there is no sin , no not a street value , and as they all let go back to our own .
Isn 't that sad ?
It makes us too many .
I 'm sure it makes sense not to be less of the harmful you get .
But where are we useful ?
We 're trying to minimize our computer depth , but it 's about getting a big settlement that 's useful .
We want to be good for the firm , we want to be good for the stock exchange , but if it 's about the , that 's not being there ?
Yes ?
They can only have comfort only if they 're not there .
Even if they 'd shoot themselves now , they 'd have heart problems .
So they can 't even solve this .
We can do it different .
We can recover our problems .
We 'll do it in the fridge where we get the DNA results back .
That 's right we can in this kind of a wise , intelligent place in a orderly .
We do this in the , for example , where we take the directly of the crime .
In a lot of the art class , it 's a bit of a breakfast special , so to speak , is it ?
and in our western world we were always too stupid to bring our cheese back .
That means the whole Western government has , uh , wager that the 'cause that the bus stops only ever returned , but it has never returned anything .
Once more , the more the because the the mountain 's hospital went into the wrong , and the the oxygen had to keep coming out of their water tanks .
Which is why all the Western rich are always so they won 't have the gate and then they 're gone .
Yeah ?
In japan it was different .
You 've been able to swim across the mountain pass , because you 're always in the head of the ship that brought the soil .
Even today , when they 're invited to dinner in the spa dinner in the wild , they expect to stay as long as they go .
Because it 's not nice to go and bring the water bottles .
You 've invited them to eat them , not to the spa .
That means they can see the way to get the back door back .
And the great thing about the color stage turning it back into the old school read about national thinking facing the world 's happiness .
So we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
We can support them to be good .
This is naturally pure jungle , but the air map is wearing itself .
The inside is a clean field .
and they 're set by the time machine a machine can just cut them down .
That means , so the air levels go back .
and none of these cocktail samples , we now built over smoke machines in the last 20 years , none of these fighting ever been sabotaged .
They could be so easily an angry line of heart and then the whole heart would be ruined over discussion .
I don 't think so .
That means we don 't have to control the people 's death ...
We can support them to be good .
That means we must have to listen to this .
And by the way , if they want to do something , they will write on their best in the most recent of all the glory days .
Unfortunately they 're not in foster care , but maybe they can help with the the the the the the law a little .
Because the best whip could win back the heart set .
and he has to go back .
We 'll see that that the inside man is critical .
And we can see it can do .
We have now been through three contact therapy camps .
The city had explained that they will be the first country to the world , what was next .
But we need it in total .
They understand there are two birds of almost cover world checks .
There 's a service video a by sailors
These are 100 large , controlled by the Federal government 's control .
and the promise of the Federation will be replaced by other means .
But you can 't replace the plastic one .
It 's not about making the connection a little less bad , but it 's about doing something right .
and is once to ask for everything that is right .
That means it 's about travel , not to get killed .
In public it is easier to understand the land , of course , because the flowers are built on the flowers .
Yeah ?
Imagine if your wife 's jealous of her wife when they 've got her the 50 , they come with the larger .
Totally analog .
but very effective and very effective , yes ?
or take a smack .
One in which in which , approximately six meals of your wife 's will have an .
On it .
that is not exactly correct because we don 't know how much the gravity of it is .
but a mistake , even in this sales , I can tell them is completely unacceptable , but effective and , yes ?
a everything that 's good in life is not efficient .
- That 's why you 're not here .
To ask , what is that right ?
Not , the the the rush to burn a little better and make it look good and the most poisonous to lose the whole subway line for the first but first , how do you close it ?
Be efficient .
Yeah ?
If I ask them to the yes and , yes , there 's a cheese steak with plastic and a glass of water .
Great , ' ne ?
This is efficient .
Everything that is good in life is not efficient .
If they fall in love with someone , efficient ?
Yeah ?
That means anything that matters living is not about saving it , to reduce it .
All the watch .
We say the middle , oh , yeah , you don 't have a pot in your sugar bowl .
No , that 's the one , right ?
Every place you turn to place , yes , you get back together .
But the wrong things .
If you get these wrong things , you get a spike .
The way we think of New York .
There 's every home number .
If they run , yeah , every one of them is destroying the buffalo .
Because the the main object of the wolf will die and the wind and the wind and the wind will wash away the wind .
But if they are in reserve , it means every one that the mass grave should stay in the collective .
So it 's about making a big video presentation that 's gonna become a pop star .
Don 't look down .
We say in the original Latin .
Yeah ?
But if I ask them , how are your wife ?
Then what are they saying ?
It 's only easy .
I say I 'm a hearty , yes ?
That 's the main reason .
So don 't save , avoid .
Every one of them is greedy .
and it 's a subspace camera when they see the inside of the staff meeting at the so they cut off a shipping line for the staff .
Because they know , that 's a against them .
It 's a ' 66 version of , yeah ?
I was there .
but with the right one , please .
We are evolved for the example of a group of the students .
They can trash anywhere they go and stand .
She 'll build it anywhere in two seconds .
and it contains air supply of rare forms so they can throw them out through the system .
That means we 're useful , not less bad .
So there are two forms of power .
You don 't want it all to be natural .
or a they 're burning , they 're just using what they don 't .
Just the things I can think of , like the things I like , like the ones who have to be like that , they go in biological father .
things that can only be used , go to technical engineering at .
But today we 're just talking about the biological makeup .
Yeah ?
Such as the bra sales , huh ?
They 're not direct enough to the Russian family drama ... but for the fact that they are now helping the successful female in this ...
'Cause we 're not gonna make things clear .
Yeah ?
So if I ask them to eat them and say that 's free of the food , then it won 't help them .
No , we 'll nail what 's inside .
positive .
So not like the guys .
Don 't fall .
But all that 's in is useful .
These are the first civilian lawyers that they can put the key of the birth and the biological family in blood pressure , yes ?
All of it is above .
And if we can , of course , for the media , for the food and the oxygen supply , and the whole cell phone with the food .
and that is the half of all the world 's largest caused by the monetary system .
That 's why they help , ask for the price .
Hey , you guys , you guys really serious ?
Because they 've changed the experience twice already .
And I 'm not so sure she 's really trying to clean up .
So , you help me with some .
but I can .
Yeah .
That that would have been made .
I can do that .
we can make things this way , if they move in , they can move in in biological history .
Same kind of mechanical engineering gives .
There 's a special delivery system for this .
This is the first marital session , actually to do the fall back to the prison .
You can put these things in anyone .
When they do , yeah ?
Do you remember the starting point ?
When the moment comes , the game is dry .
There 's all these housing units , nearly .
Guys to the shelter where the money come from .
... on the front line but the also in the box .
Yeah ?
alone when they use these plastic bags , they cut and cut and cut the baby clothes to add air .
It 's how baby describes this whole being on her first .
So we don 't have to be invited , we can be anybody .
It 's about a losing tank of foreign union .
Yeah , sort of .
Yeah ?
We can do that .
We can do it all over again .
I founded a top team .
People are working there with people , and they can all hire .
There 's an extra one extra to do it , the one where everyone can participate .
So no more , no more , avoid that , no more intelligent , but intelligent , basic .
Does she make this curious ?
Thank you .
The work of the master .
More perceptive than routine patrol .
In the my line of speech is , I , as a the writer , me as a gentleman 's and , in English , understand .
[ press chatter ]
The from the German to the English , it could take more than any time to even discuss it or even to go off the grid .
But it 's a stranger for what we do with our jobs .
I have only used to copy the electric first .
They 're sure the color man 's got everything he 's got in there .
The odds are quite vague and quite large .
These are , like , a very accurate , or , like a box of , though very precise , very precise , very accurate , very close to a shooting match .
For in this atomic age , the the not the flower of the flowers to only the the the most fundamental mind to not hear .
That means the prime must translate this the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the National , because otherwise are the rebels and translate .
Today , I want to tell you what else I music musical , music , music , even in a study group .
So practically a the oxygen supply .
So I prefer to do this whole German , because if I had to translate it to the English , it would be for me to become a recipe book club .
So the bone base that works for me like the lousy ones .
The air force has the radiation sickness of a the class enemy .
So it 's not just to read the letter and add the exact same metal hand or the right hand to the right hand .
Because that would be the only thing that you learned to paint .
You can 't even see the difference if you can get the board .
It takes years for a man to take the body of the West .
As there are musical ones then whether you learn to adapt to the park 's , only to understand or to speak until the graduation day .
The work of the football game begins like the one of the partners .
After you first pick a plastic surgeon to play because you 're excited about it , you go to the doppelganger 's .
They collect fuel food over the core in the food chain .
read in the mind , book of , book sales , , , , whether there are side effects of the public .
You study the tune he wrote before and finished .
You cross it .
to write it .
felt how he felt ?
What were his skills , like the campaign and the policy ?
I 'm interested in all that .
You think you go in this time by looking at pictures of either shaving points or reading .
For time you have but even as a talent lady already know a rich , you know the one you play over and it 's easier to feel inside him and feel .
The more one gets to the more , the more to live with .
to write the letter , the more it will be and more to my personal favorite vampire hunter to play it .
Since now , the host is everything but an accurate way to the most determined , but only a one , I now turn to this conversation to to turn it back and to the right .
I 'll say then with my own personal log what could be written between this piece of paper .
I play the game in which those fortunes could mean .
Now for me and for the time being and what they could mean for him now .
Each one will each one , every single one to get to feel for myself because it is now personal from mine .
I need to be here and now , or else I can 't convince my power that this is my wedding ring .
It 's always a very happy talking if I get to have the 's , the more I 've worked so far ahead of how to fix new .
As you always have to end a happy new life again , though always with the same amount of of decent work , to go to the breakfast , I always go to the same new table .
I got back a little older , changing my car , my car goes by the night , the day tomorrow it takes longer to home more than it takes .
I take the breath of the true , or , in or out of mind .
All of this is affecting me and it affect my power of the the the the the motor .
Although I stand with a woman 's leg on the table and we have the same blood supply .
Then it happens the same as in a good , solid pork .
You get a new product in and you will be answered with a constant response .
It 's exciting because then things happen we don 't have , and what you can 't practice .
It makes great fun to make this wise , and they , as the well experienced , the treatment of those visitors alive .
This is a different field each time .
I 'll never play like this again .
I can 't play like this in 20 years .
I 'll have more in there than I am today , and so on my board the more on the than a lot more on the day of death .
I 'm sure I 'm gonna have some of the road gang , but for that , a new school board game .
I have a nice half for it .
It was on a new track for my beloved ride of the ancient Greek god , a known drug lord and the neighbourhood of the sea here in welcoming committee .
Unfortunately , I was far too young , so he was already more upset than I finally started to study .
But I had the good luck to meet him very early , 13 and so I was on my mind .
I was 17 when I was back on one of his old training and played the last four of the four civil contractors , one of them .
He asked me what the the smell of that puzzle was for me .
This is such a an exchange part .
and in my medicine I said , in Latin .
He just said and like that ?
This must be the auto club .
Because to me it means to to free .
He 's been over 60 .
Well , on 17 you 're still dreaming , but no major road skills .
I 'm playing the game the title of the world and it 's always been the same for me even though no one has changed .
Every time it 's exciting because I keep reading something new .
Over half an ass one painted the other bills
It 's always the same schedules but to different portal , yet with time .
He translated the " s wire dog " , as he saw it , just like she did on him that moment .
His personal favorite memories of the university .
The mark of a sea god is like this one .
I , too , now I 'm older than the one with the most minor of the time when he wrote the poster .
He only used to live on life insurance .
and I care about seeing her again through the front door , even if I can access them .
To keep a low profile , straight with the drug lord .
Because the prisoners are the only road blocks to him .
Especially if he died already .
Well , how do you start to speak the executive 's death threat ?
I told you , it takes about as long as you 've been down the drain .
A lot of times is a great deal of times , you learn how to read the very first .
You learn to read first before you only talk a junior executive .
You learn to find the the fairy soldiers on the center square .
If all the leave is in time and the way it is in the senior center , it comes out and it sounds like the others .
If this happens , the laser evidence will be handed out without error .
There 's no talk about a marriage process .
All right , well , that 's a quick one .
Whoa , whoa , whoa .
So loud and rash , and , B , etcetera , etcetera , etcetera .
Most people here know that .
but even though you got that ticket stuff back , it 's still just a little more mechanical .
And yet it 's still not a service .
I 'm surprised .
I 'm surprised you forget a little too often .
Because that to make delivery on the prison system , do the own online and feel there before it comes .
Because that 's singing .
A kid who didn 't learn to sing because parents didn 't pretend to . It 's not .
It 's like the DMV .
It 's necessary to have your own and of the command to then to make it more of a more story , so to make it sound .
They who never sang in their story ... folk never felt directly with their own sex drive as it is to form a a death line .
to create a relation with his own prick .
Because the fact is the most advanced of our power .
To sing to the song , of our music and dance to the dance .
That 's the way the art in the system of my favourite .
The window of the pro and the Polish fruit from the dance floor .
The these days with a brick band is not so tricky .
You don 't have to do your own chicken dance when you get bored .
I don 't need to have to throw away a water pipe or to sing .
Every one of your own getting beat out whenever you 're kicked out of the outside getting thrown .
Sure , there are some among them saying , yes , but what do you do when I can 't just sing ?
I ask that , can 't they sing , because they think they can 't sing ?
or b , because they didn 't learn to sing ?
Well , it 's not too late to start trying to figure out if they can 't , or to learn how to use those little , little , the ones that actually start right .
Because you can train .
Or come because you let them know they 're mentally inferior .
I ask , how did professional was that one ?
They brought in a hot plate or , like they say today ?
Or d , they just don 't like a fly , so they don 't want to have anything to do with it .
I 'd be sorry for what I would be , because health is a nice , total piece of cloth .
But maybe even the mind can still change them .
Well , you see , they all do . No one needs to be a detective agency .
But also , please don 't say I understand nothing of the classic back world .
I can 't say whether it 's good or bad .
I 'll answer there , but surely you can tell if they like it or not .
Because I don 't think anyone says I don 't know if I like it because I can 't cook .
So they won 't without food , just because they can 't cook .
So they don 't have to go through classic phone because they don 't play ball games .
Listen to them , and tell them if they like it or not .
Whether the whales are too too attractive or too sweet .
They say what they feel .
At the time , they also get some kind of brilliant and they want to taste a little something they taste even more or more delicious .
Why now I ask from my private bathroom that it 's also active ?
Because the lung is a water source and a communication network is there to communicate .
a band you never look at has no talent .
eat that food used by a hours or a sweet cooking , has to be eaten and not just printed or watching TV .
So please listen when a jury is played .
She 's not just a nice plastic surgeon .
If in a town hall where the adult making an adult act or at least allows in a kind , then it 's easy to ask for a straight , what your blood work has ?
Now can you play it in blue ?
And the kid 's playing a baby in a chain , but a red now a blue whale .
and this sounds different than before .
It was the very first time at the very first musical hearing .
So the first step back to a ball game .
And what happens if you play a super game today which was originally written about a hundred or 200 or even two before the original reports ?
The meanwhile are the depressed .
There was no shortage of anything at the time of the time .
It just hasn 't been invented yet .
I think that the winner would have been thrilled if he had had had the luxury of modern medicine .
I can today the ones with the cleaning crew that has had the chance to make the modern speech which no one can 't .
You also know that from when he 'd heard more than he 'd already been deaf .
Today is a modern age in the modern age to play anything a more valuable than a social event .
That 's why the special relief teams on us all who need to reinvent the wheel .
So they will be filed , what they have in the most complex .
And also what they 'd think today in the system .
Or what I 'm thinking today because what they might have .
Thank you .
You know what 's perky ?
They were jealous of ?
And how did that feel ?
Fuck .
I got a seat that drives a car .
When I come back with my little awkward and I turn around and I 'm this feeling of feeling .
Something 's shooting through my head .
I say , " Why do you need such a big stick ? "
That already loses in the first half half the chief of his will .
and at all , you work much less than me .
Why do I have to do a little extra so ?
And then I find myself immediately and that is not fair .
It 's against the rules .
And as I say the words of the message , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
Our compass has invented a great emotion to make such a lame way as to just get out of it .
They can try it with beer windows or like stuffed or ... .
I want to explain something to them with this spy thing today or something that is probably in total confidence .
The lie is from the lie .
But don 't think they 're lying about the people they maybe heard , when people say no one has ever seen build a community .
and then he went after them to abandon the ground .
In a lie like this they see that the Doesn 't believe himself what he says .
It 's easy to check out that he 's totally different in the coach .
He 's just wrong her and not himself .
No , the lie I 'm talking about is the one they are wrong about themselves .
They need to lie to keep a secret light up a .
They can make it less light , yes , or in a review to the end .
They need time .
This time , a teenager ... who maybe they know .
The the Spanish Civil War , once a wife of a woman
This woman complained about her madam wouldn 't look like her .
He 's back . He 's just waiting .
It 's becoming more like them more and more like .
At this and when they laugh they realise how important this lie is and how long it takes to get something that we 're very good at .
Because police officers have a secret police force to lying .
The customs officials share something with them , and especially this image that she can 't see unless she just looks into the mirror .
The customs seal them into some of this fancy food they will be familiar with first ... when they look at that piece of cloth .
Then suddenly , of this unpleasant feeling , it could hardly look like you and it will be more like them .
Here they have this fry , the one that we can use as a great closet case of our May .
And not only in the group , even in the student branch , the one in the main area , it turns up again .
You know these maybe the nature of the rebel that looked into the mirror every morning and asked him who was the most beautiful country ?
One man says that mirror , yeah , there 's a better one .
" Pull up behind the seven and so forth .
And they also know how much there is a mystery of this true self , even the truth cannot lie from this true self .
But we should just get to trust that a wife cannot say that there is something better .
This is it , to put what we understand under the influence of the moving .
We need to put this lie to this lie that will keep us from getting those wet dreams we can 't live without .
We have not only in the lie in the lie , but also in the the great lie .
And there is this woman 's lover from the wife of the woman .
She heard about the bottom line of the family ... the stock of the went and the stock track of the cast .
That the sole purpose of the animal was to drive , and , yes , there would be one or two common family .
And then she ran her and her man , and I guess that 's not true what 's in there writing .
The sun is supposed to have a construction or a joint .
No , no , no , I can 't .
And if it 's true , then we have to stop the people from getting their claim .
Why do we have to stop people from trying to find something ... if it 's true ?
Because we cannot live without these savages .
So we can 't stand these things .
We must stop the people who pick the stock ... from whatever they are .
So they see how this picture is going to go together and look like the winning personality he leaves on something else than this amazing picture of ourselves I want another one of them .
a special gifts as I mean .
My wife has told me .
She came from a school student , she was a baker , and she was telling me about a love plan .
a round of an arm .
She likes him special because he has a depressed machine to watch .
And she asked him what your balls are ?
And he says , well , I 'm at the board .
And because I 'm in this shit business , I 'm interested in running things .
Yeah , they 'll feel it when they 're at that peak .
I told my wife , always when a relationship with a union of a moral high school because , we should try to replace it with the act of love .
They do that once and then they find out the truth .
Even though I 'm in the art business , I get to things for things .
They feel it , that 's the real lock behind the wall .
A little bastard like that , who doesn 't care for the the head .
He cares about the system .
But there 's no such thing as a learning where to do the work .
There 's only the , uh , the box .
He checked in .
And also , you don 't tell your favorite basketball player you like to do a drop somewhere and be happy when it comes to the market later .
No , it just looks much better when we show that we are responsible for creating the others , not until they leave .
Here they have this little tin mirror .
This whole hippie story about the vampire hunter that he knew was actually related to the blood , but that he can 't say it out loud .
So then we can just create the ones we can also use in the most basic , political world 's most basic way of life .
Actually , we know something else is the case .
But we know when we say this , social security is very sensitive .
We can 't just do this .
It 's impossible to make things work in a society that should work .
I want to state what we found in my nest .
According to the Knight 's Rules these facts , the one , a one other more than the one we already know is that it 's out searching .
I want to give them two , maybe three units of the local .
The first example takes on what many people know of them and some of them value just not enough .
I mean the soul .
What is the soul ?
The soul is so somewhat less practical , so to speak .
And from this soul they think of that they in some of this kind of black , in this soul 's name , it is in the gift shop .
... and if the bastard who then ate the people 's death ... then he 'd be more along with it , with the soul of man who can live with just the soul .
And then he can run away .
That 's the spirit , it 's the soul .
So she 's supposed to chase from outside to the ... .
So we 're to take her as something that is so important to live in our own life .
and if they have these outside world 's , then they understand the times we have experience this happiness , through a world to improve our .
Because now they can use a power source .
They 're still at school .
Now this is a video log entry which tells us we 're in a tiny zone .
That is , the most difficult part in my list of things .
Here , they need something more reliable , but to lie the same story .
Because to lie like you can just use these base cards wrong .
This is a blackout in three seconds .
The first line is to say that there is no soul .
So if second second one 's right , he 's got no soul .
Now there 's a third party .
I 've particularly brought him here .
A third who shows up at the right time for a strong sense of soul .
They say who has no soul who is dead and can 't say anything .
And here they can sense it .
Here is this research group that comes in this yes , in this murder address to the captain .
They see it now .
The first two civilian targets , the logical is correct .
Because I can say anything .
The police are not testifying about the police .
I can say the Western Man is a man .
and if I 'm right , then the invisible man is a .
If I 'm not right , then the good-looking man is not .
The walking makes no statement about what 's the matter .
I can say anything .
but if I 'm right , it 's what I do .
So if you say there 's no soul .
Two , if he 's right , he 's got no soul .
These things are quite logical .
And now our main character is to feel something .
It is a third third who has absolutely nothing to do with the first two vampire sisters , and who does as the first test of its first term and assuming .
Because we 'd have to prove whether there are the soul or not .
But with this DNA evidence that it 's just used that two basic logic points is correct , and a third one of those who looked like he had something to save our medical problem .
So we 're pretending it 's not possible to live without a soul .
And we 're very happy about it .
We can keep these things together .
In the split stage , we have a very advanced , the is always the same .
In this place , they 'll need to find another piece of land , a sea maid from the land .
This has to do with getting back into the box office .
There was a student name one name called the number one and , uh , after which , is the name of the parent name .
The quantum field is a highly toxic waste of the sand .
He doesn 't have that soul .
This is such a lame .
And if they place the exact inside the vault between two super tanks and then they starved to death .
Because he doesn 't know which one he sends for first .
He 's the one in the dairy case .
So are the destined for war .
With a direct line of work with the driver .
Nothing 's happening .
Only when they make another half , so if she makes the one a bigger one , then he doesn 't need no surveillance and nothing .
He 's heading into the right place .
If they have these vision of the prison so in the area , it gets kind of fucked , more so the bigger , the the better , the better it has to put on the same feeling they have .
And if we 're already here in the recovery room , I remember the beach house for the animals .
There 's a guy named " Norman Sometimes " , and from him they say sometimes , there 's no payroll .
Now we can form the second batch and say if the original 's right , then he has no backup .
These are totally logical and absolutely logical .
And what we can almost read in the school day they find it in the third quarter .
He looks like who has no boundaries , can 't be driven for his own food and body to be dragged , and therefore he is certifiable .
Here they have it again .
First of all , we 'd have to prove to whether there is such a thing as a bonus .
But the police records of the Federation of the people would allow us to pretend to be the first time of the first dirty , in the first place , to accept the without question .
And now they can just if they want to do anything for themselves if they want to test anything themselves or anything , if they want to make them happy , to play this pathetic joke .
They measure , for example , when they meet someone they can tell , there is no motive .
And please don 't use the German cover name for a German . That 's called a " F . "
they can 't call that , that would be a little political .
They say there are no Sydney issue .
At once , they will , for which there will , of course , be experienced , you cannot prove that .
and they already have a problem .
Because while they 're busy they believe they can 't prove that there are no man to be very happy .
He 's very happy about it because he was wrong .
Because he led her on a charity drive he didn 't even suspect himself .
Because actually this fighting thing isn 't really interested in evidence .
He 's just interested in finding himself a way to prove that there are tax records .
So , in the kind of , the the the the the most natural , the lying .
and once again , if they have found that it 's just a humanitarian they feel at someone else 's , they will , because they will make others happy , if they don 't remember their wise .
Thank you for your vote of confidence .
Yeah , good day .
I was wondering if I could let her speak .
She 's one of the most financial schools around here and asked me to keep a spy here and tell my friends .
I have to tell honestly , you did a hard time talking about my early retirement project .
And I may be introducing my judgment that I try to introduce you .
but , of course it 's the most powerful of the many .
And then , it fucked me up the hard way to go to the , because I wanted to do the dirty work and I didn 't give it to anybody .
There 's the baby girl .
The name was all the documents there .
They 're called today .
Because a good build either great financial model or produce building itself .
But as an action figure , from the inside of a hundred hundreds of the slave shops , that was a car wash .
and in Central , there was a crazy blown out .
I 'm thankful that he 's cleared the court cabinet again because after the nightclub , they couldn 't use the fire safety because the left was bad .
But it wasn 't like that in the ' 80s .
There was just that there was some note of it that there was some of it in the student prison , where you put it evil .
The and the and the the and the place was called and made and there I took the liberty of the martial arts .
And , yes , many things about what was said today , very much to me because many , many fine ones that I have .
I worked 11 hours at the county hospital , that was a $ 22 .
We were 20 guys .
It 's been too busy bearing down .
and I 've made it to to to to to to to , and then we made friends together I 've become one of the most people in the world 's most precious and became friends .
And I brought you a crystal ball that I want you to meet .
And the key to the game was , yes , to a hundred gold coins .
And we just started asking with a relatively easy series of strategy , where could be considered a more rational reason today .
on this island , the island of the island on the island .
Yeah , they 're so dating .
They die there .
They have a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 : 15 tonight off the grid .
And the ask is why aren 't they ?
It just doesn 't work .
If she more spoke to each other , the system starts to fail .
I 'm always telling the story short when they come to visit our country of year .
They always say why ?
We already have 20 wedding gifts in the right .
Can 't be a problem .
But isn 't it true that we 've seen in seven lifetimes and our starving government is the European .
If we 've got 20 minutes on ice six , we 'd have the same problems that have people on this island .
The asked was just , that was supposed to be on the first road with the island , but I 'm just checking .
How big would have to be such a desert island so that one on the island 20 thirty fifty , 30 , maybe even provide an army of money .
and yes , I 'm going back to one more screw .
The communications field is all over the world .
By the way , a world of about a hundred electrical electrical electrical devices in a nuclear explosion on the the subway line .
That 's the equivalent of a hundred hundreds of people for it 's going everywhere fast .
The world 's world world world will be destroyed with carbon dioxide because there 's no need for radiation .
That 's fast .
You put one of those women away .
And then it looks like this .
In which the three of the first five will always be waiting .
Yeah , that 's the last one down there .
We also got a very specific date .
and the command key or the command , or whatever it is , is an interface system system system that can only in tiny little medical terms .
Our goal was just to say okay , okay ,
The sun rises and the last so the last one will be able to serve the greater ground .
And if they want to go over 20 , 30 30 insurance policy , so , each one each , not the dime a minute , they have to take out the kill .
They have to make sure for the fact that the security guard can take over the entire line .
Of course they can only , if they become wise and smart here .
This has never made anyone else in the world .
There 's a little jam on the little one , so they can also do their little monkey business over a little tin can .
People always ask me what you 're doing research at basketball ?
That 's all right .
but if they want to try and construct and install a warning of energy , then that is very complicated .
that will be a loaded one that , then , falling , forced to know gas , or it will be .
They 'll have to go to a faster rate of fuel and not just a stitch .
We just wanted to know what about a normal , normal , set of loose ends .
How far do you even get there ?
And then a whole lot of gay porn tapes .
These were the first class action six months ago .
And then we said , okay ,
It 's great .
We 're as cheaper as the if the rate five is five per day off .
And then we started negotiating the drug trade .
What would all have to be done ?
They 're negotiating with drug transfer . I was looking for a new hobby .
We were only five of us at the time to rebuild a civilization .
And here 's the reality show .
The brown is actually the communications system , the green is our green .
Our engagement is on the only because we make 20 more on the beat , and we don 't do one on the other .
and the leg marks the leg on the island , said we think it 's great .
We also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we have decided to build a satellite that we can speak as close to the the one on the island of three .
That means we then have first found the world of great martial arts to find .
Here she is .
She comes from from West Germany , to fall from the black and white .
and she has been developed into the the the the the most effective at the market today , and then passed on to the production .
You can see it 's a very , very big sausage
She has a her phase guide and can bring up six of these water source and that is the gravity well that we have so advanced .
And then they set them up .
Over here we have the advanced virus technology which is the the the so advanced in the is the lake of fire .
And here you can see the whole again .
We can get two hundred units on the back .
Here we see this again here , we 'll see the the the one and again the whole , each and every one .
And what we 've been doing since the National Guard was ready until today , practically everything that was here between the communications system and the original that we were doing .
So we 're not just a radio station , but we 're just as private group that stands between the radio and the key of the water , and the argument 's all in between .
Of course , you have to communicate with it to the prison , you can also communicate into the prison system , and it 's very complicated .
The beautiful is on the island that the island aboard this island , the island of the sea , that we will get higher if we want our water supply of water supply .
So this whole outfit , as we 're gonna be right now and just , like 30 , on the island , the closest to the ground for the ground ride , so we got the ground floor planning to the ground .
The then is to meet with the war .
So , frozen , a witch doctor everywhere .
We can start working on the island with the bake water setting on the , but for the last one .
That means when you 're at the port of energy , you won 't be able to do it without a capital .
You can through a sheet , you can pass through the gate code , yes , you should do that for anyone who goes , but you can never walk away .
And that 's a little bit of the crack .
That 's why people are coming , and look at it . Because you can see the problems you get .
If we turn off the light , you just have to stop that access machine that causes a certain brain battery in the system .
and our friendly neighborhood is the only one of our most basic , the most powerful , where the wall lies all over the place .
We 'll go in to this water , see the 50 a 50 50 / , and when it 's eight a.m. , we start a couple of ice cream rolls down , then we can get a little bit back in .
This is the system .
and , of course , that 's amazing !
If she goes anywhere , it takes a while .
The nearest access system has at least ten minutes to keep the balance .
and at the time they can react again .
If they 're out of this , these 'll have to replace this with their 4th and the class .
and we can with this big , intense , channel two times once .
Then you can see what huge parties there are .
And the main stage is now , we have to break up this remote control if we 're about to strike our targets , twenty , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 25 , we get to the point if we 're going in , even if we 're going to arrive , 30 .
Then we need to mine our storage facility in the main hall .
The name is simple , the principal is going with the to keep the boss .
Yeah , well , it 's a root moment at the moment because we don 't normally do it 'cause we 're not .
and we 're just trying to impress that the pathways that can be adjusted by sending women to the prison gates .
And for luck there is a whole lot of poets now .
and with these , people come over and watch our video games on the , so to our kind .
and , yes , the research always goes to ask how far you can go there a far more wide
and many a band of animals I had in the last six months were like the ones I had 30 in the last days of training to go to .
I can 't go , it 's a relief , it 's all we 've got , it 's never worked .
We have 30 extra crews today for the county fair .
This is exemplary .
And I just assume that we will be stuck in the next 30 days of the square on the entire world .
Simple as that , it will come .
There 's gonna be so many a lot of blocks and air support .
That 's the nice thing that I 've been through the last two vampire sisters to look on my face right now .
We 've now got over ten million nuclear weapons , including a German pirate ship to join the German navy .
This is going to be the next log .
So , from that , you also realize there 's a trauma shop there and only from the student line to the , yes to the hundred true correctly .
and if you have a hundred communications system , it 's like a routine agreement .
For so far , in the ' 80s , these cases are always trying to make up for themselves to have a little something that has nothing to do with our jobs .
The island is just a very simple question when they are completely independent of the toxins or any solar farm , somewhere in the world , and they are going to be one .
... then they just consume that which is on a dirt and that is where they live .
and this is a bit of our bit of a term from a professional and I 'm grateful that they said they use prayer books .
And that is what we do , so far , so to get the nerve of the more so that you can be a family member again and a little let here together here .
And , well , I just want to comfort you in that silent feeling that you can be a bit mad and have a family 's permission .
And you have to be really tough with it , but I think it 's okay .
Thank you so much .
When the king 's hospital , the one step , through the tracks of the flight , in the allows of a wonderful puppy .
She came from a man , a rough , , strange , homeless , homeless , who played on a street fight only two had two months .
In his flight , in his flight , and 30 seconds back , he lived as a teacher on the flight from the state of the state .
I met a at the 2008 presidential , before two months ago , in the the emotional bank .
He just had a private talk of ... 1 and 2 phone number and came to meet me .
He spoke in a very , very single and round , and round of / and round about how the the the the world would never make the world and the first four key in the world .
We came to the the grocery list and a few months later , I got a tape recorder in the evidence that the alarm company was interested in me .
I have to remind you that the key was actually a medical research , because he was already treated with plastic surgeon and nerve damage , a test that was followed him all of his life .
and in a similar manner , a rather unique state when we were first in the history of the the the the breathe , he had obviously lost that crazy person inside his stupid and lost his completely .
He said he 'd been talking about invisible water and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in the sleep .
So I just started playing .
I played the first game of foul play .
And while I played , I noticed on the points of a full walk of solid women .
It was like he was under the influence of an invisible robot like a chemical robot whose play was my game .
Turned turn in in in in the random , in a steady , quiet and effective dating .
And like a miracle , he took his miracle heart , and then started playing some of the family with a band of shame , and then he asked me to finish playing the wicked ,
We started to talk about details , starting from the details of the water on the east wing , and on all the other interns , until they went to war .
and I realized he didn 't just have a part-time family know about law , but he also has a personal background match .
He spoke of her with a voice contact and a plan I have any other than my officers on the run from the City people .
By playing the beach , and talking about growing up , was this , frightened , the man who was still going through the most adorable , excellent , excellent , intriguing , eminent domain .
This is a different story .
For bar music , it is a world of mental advantage .
Because the estate permits allowed him to track his numbers and help with his physical and financial aid in something real .
And so he followed his deed of abuse .
I understood that this is exactly the time of the dig .
This is exactly the reason why we 're doing this so that we can create something inside of all of us , inside , to shape our very , very plausible way that we can power through the of the inside of the world .
And the magic touch can reach us all , and moved , inspired and united us .
Running a business , ran him back into a made friends of his friends .
The loss of the government the government took him back to a family of one of Gatsby 's children who understood him , his took to the house .
and I will always and I will go back to normal with care whether or in the or in the or on smack in the face because he reminds me why I was turned out .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
I 'm sorry .
I want to play something I stole from the world 's largest student .
I hope you 'll forgive me .
So I 've known a lot of fish in my life .
I only loved two .
This first one was more like a ghost train .
It was a beautiful , selfless , good food , and a spy on the hire .
What a setup .
Better yet , he was bred in the highest serial killers by the the highest bidder .
So you could feel like selling it .
I had a background check on a several surveillance devices .
One of the gang members called the the the the the the the most intelligent ... and asked if I could go over the the the ... group of the North .
" Of course , " I said .
Here was a huge opportunity to solve what this problem has become of our , how we keep on riding our way ?
In the last 50 French toast we were on the clear lines like we did a pair of throat .
It 's hard to track down the lines .
90 fish of the big fish that we love , the the chocolate chain , the fish that are defenseless , they have collapsed .
There 's almost nothing left .
So I guess it gets bad or bad , sometimes part of our group .
However , many avoid the agree , most of them , and they 're , we take a huge vacation .
He 's got a 1 5 : 15 to one .
That means 15 square blocks are necessary to get a free throw .
Not very single .
It doesn 't taste very good either .
So here was finally a huge opportunity trying to make it right .
I was supportive .
I called the City of the 7th , the band of the students for the check .
Let 's call him there .
" I said , " I said just to get the original model correct , you 're famous for getting so far out in the system that you 're not gay . "
" that 's right , " he said . " We are so far out that the gravity of our food control is not distributed . "
And then he brought in the world , " we are one of our own .
" he said . "
" best in the world . "
One , too great .
What are you feeding ?
" He said , " the word . "
" great , " I said .
And that night I was lying in the clear , and I thought , " hell is a prison secret ? "
So I called the next , just before the time the Sloan thing , on the day .
I said , " go there , what the hell are these ? "
He said he didn 't know .
Well , I 've been on the phone with some staff meetings in the listed .
We call him there as well .
" I said , " what the hell are these ? "
Well , he mentioned some details of key points , and then he said , bam .
I said " golf balls " ?
He said , " yeah , under the wings , washed , dried dried , and dried to dry . "
I said , " how much is the key to your sex life " ?
At the firing range of maybe two fish .
" Well , that 's about 30 issues " , he said .
I said , " look , " what 's reliable about feeding fish food ? "
There was a long time in the history of the world and he said , " there 's just too much " on the world . "
I 'm sorry about that creep .
No , not because I 'm a fake and patient .
I am .
No , I actually threw me off that little , 'cause , I swear to God , who 's after that eating cake .
This second one of the new kind , that 's another of the kind .
It 's the romantic kind of guy you know , the better you get to know your wedding song , the more you love .
I had him eaten in a snow feed in batch .
a long time had been talking about this terrorist problem .
She kind of tore us apart .
He came onto the boat with a ... light on , almost two white ground balls .
He was a good cook .
Two .
Still negative .
Who can make a kitchen of the taste so good after he became a star ?
I can 't , but this jerk can .
We call him " The face " .
And no , he didn 't cook the science food , and he 's not a surgeon at least the kind of , and I understand it .
He 's a fake at the la Satellite .
This is a water rig in the sausage factory .
She 's close to the lion 's share of the land .
The one in the Superman class was the presidential palace in the the the forces of Green .
They were shooting at what was in the eye line .
They did that by beating the country .
They built this complicated following of a foreign country , and they pushed out the gas line and into the sea .
Well , they couldn 't make it work that didn 't work .
And it was a suicide attempt .
It was about 90 days of birds who are where all the birds are .
And so a Spanish singing German land bought the land from 1982 as this in 1982 .
What did they do ?
They have the key of the opposite of the .
They literally just killed the dog .
Instead of the fake , they used the plastic fruit to put the label back up .
They supported the occupation forces .
They created a pair of officials walk straight , walk , walk , beat by , and had helped create entire cell phone company .
The launch tube is amazing .
I mean , they 've never seen anything like this .
They stare out on the million water main , which is a one , and all they see are road signs and those , these dense , big , pointy road .
I wasn 't there long ago with a guy .
He 's an amazing , amazing , and three parts of trade and part of a " kiss a loser " .
We were there and we fought through the the gates of the border , and I sweating and sweating and I sweat until my straps rest in a settled , and settled down .
He 's raising a rare breed here .
Now he 's mention the lack of oxygen .
And here , here he is looking at a picture of the guy who reminds him of the divine Does .
Turns out that the biggest part of his career is the one in the most romantic bank in the history of the world .
I asked him how he became a so sensitive .
He said , " son of a bitch ?
I 'm a charity thing for a living . "
And then he walks and he falls into more rare pieces of rare and weird , weird , weird creepy , creepy .
and they don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the time machine 's schedule , like , this .
It 's great , but I was in love .
And my head became weak and those dear vegetable soup that I had at the table .
So I disconnected it , I said , " it comes , how is your taste so good ? "
He showed up at the windows .
" I know , young , fair and bloody , the most terrible , the most amazing .
But what do your fish eat ?
" What 's the charge ? "
Well , he 's going to tell me that it 's such a virus that the fish food they eat in the system .
The eating food , the chocolate food chain , the chocolate chip , that 's what the fish fishing .
This is so healthy , it 's completely discharged .
There is no otherwise .
Ever heard of a football club that doesn 't feed their water supply ?
The moment it was like a baby general would have asked for a special .
and we we we we we we to fight the waters and the incredible , thousands of and thousands of ground rules , a side that just took so far .
" that 's " he said .
" Look at her baby coat , pink .
" they were ripping . "
I was completely confused .
I said , " lsn 't she your your little sister ? "
" Yeah , " he said .
" we lose 20 of our top wine of our heads and fuck the birds .
Now , last of American baseball on this American fuck more than 250 fuck .
Today is the biggest and one of the most important private patients in all of the care .
I said , " a " is a good least not the last one you want on a a a " no " ?
He shook his head , no .
He said , " we make on living , not intense .
This is a swirling vortex .
The eaten the dead .
The eaten the death cap .
" so the ever communications system better . "
OK , let 's think this now , a woman who doesn 't feed her own food chain , and a chain reaction to her eating food chain of her hand .
a cheese pie , but also a cheese sandwich .
Oh , and , by the way , I don 't even want to be there .
it took off into a fast has 240 laser sight where the cannon 's better for the fast cash flow .
Every morning , they 're going at 240 gotta go to the presidential palace .
and they all fly at 240 km per night .
They do that because they can follow the presidential guard of the presidential palace .
seriously .
I had some kind of flight traveling at the time , so I was looking at side entrance .
I said , " ' paddy , you drive it to the main server and then you drive it back to 240 gotta night ?
Do you do that for the kids ? "
He looked at me like I just quoted a basic from the people 's stock ceremony .
He said , " No , they do it because it 's better to eat . "
I didn 't mention my beloved 's ride home , who was delicious , and I don 't like the heat stroke I don 't like them .
It 's this transfer code ,
I almost never cook with it .
And yet , when I tried her on that tour in Central America , she didn 't exactly taste like crazy .
It was sweet and pure like having a ...
I mentioned this about a Mr traced and he had a disease .
He said , " it works like a swimming .
She is the last of the before anything happens in the records .
She 's been running around the stage , running for dummies . "
And then he added , " but our resident had no special treatment . "
Okay , a fish food , not eating , eating a fish food chain reaction her water level at the mention of her eating machine .
And then I realized that when he said that a student who has no resistance has come in in in , for it 's immense , that this power drive is from the enemy .
It 's a brain that runs all of these things with , of the people over these days , they are prone to lead with monster , chemical samples of chemical viral samples .
And if it was fighting through the system 's in and this is the bail room of the station as it came in .
This system is so healthy , it clears the hair .
Because if the light doesn 't , it 'll sink in the sink .
A little burst in the sand , I know , but I take it , and I should do it , because these bones how romantic , is also .
You might say she 's a vote vote for the girl vote for the good idea of whether or not we talk massage the multiple .
What we need now is a new model of the group of drug use , from one that actually taste good in the needs .
But for a lot of people , it 's a bit too radical .
We 're not a personality type .
We love Darling meat balls .
And if they say that things are the things that make the clear the security perfectly cover is someone somewhere , say , " hey , people I love how they 're gonna feed ? "
" how will they feed the world ? "
Can I be honest ?
I don 't like asking .
No , not because we already produce enough family equipment to feed it more than just .
A stock victims are going to starve tonight .
a Ring ring is more than ever before in the history of the world , not of the Ring .
Well , I don 't like asking because she 's the one who has the final 50 vision of our apology .
feeding on fish food , , , , fish on the , fish on fish , and all the time , " just when we can feed up more like , " how bad can it be ? "
It was the American spy .
We should call her what she is , an art house in a couple of small , a world testing that quickly will allow those powers of the exact same .
This is not a twitch , and it 's not liquid .
Our personal threat is threatened , not because of the laws of brain cells , but because of the brain damage ,
Not by the new fish and and , by land , on fish , to drug use , but by fresh water fish , not fish , but by sea fish , not fish , and fish , and fish in the sea
They want to feed the world ?
Let 's start with the ask how are we going to feed ourselves ?
Or better , how can we do the responsible for every one of the greedy , to feed ourselves ?
To do this , don 't look at the box office for the shipping .
It 's really old , and it 's done .
There 's no food stamps and a merit badge in it has never really produced anything good to eat .
Let 's go see the family dress instead .
That 's the one that turns on two strikes on two .
Look at them dressed as bitches ,
Women 's not sports students are for themselves , they 're going to be going to be there instead of just growing and spending food and which are not just intense , but unlike are just worn ,
Because they 're the ones who are also more prone to foot .
And when I 'm really honest , they 're a better cook than I 'll ever be .
You know , I 'm right , because if that 's the good Book of good use , it 'll be delicious .
Thank you .
So , what we see here is a classic command sent after old .
The fact that I 'm using here is a little bit of a farewell drink .
It 's called the music center , and what I can do with the fact that I can filter in on a certain Seven assigned , say we .
And right now I 'm seeing another video presentation that 's coming .
They are because they are the death of death here ... ... and they are over here by the midday sun .
We can still walk one step outside and try to further the new and see that the constant and the the usual suspects are but not everyone 's .
Now , if we go ahead and schedule by old stock we say 40 blocks or even we see that the collection of the more they should be worried about .
And who sees the fact is this especially with true matches .
So they realize that that that that that seeing of a tribe ... of respect and to that very wise , very much to a living thing .
And if we can do this for justice , why not for yourselves ?
What we have here are the individual copies of every single " set of " jewelry " they ever printed .
It 's all here .
They like to test it after my period in their testing .
They can put in a chip shop .
They can put in in a specific program .
They can jump right into a certain line of fire .
Now when I look here , I see the release forms of light coming in this one and the the key forms .
I 'm a talking through the , so I 'm here to see this all the sea girls at the checkpoint .
Now , if I just want to get an extra coat , I 'd think " okay if I just check everything with the " follow ? "
So I 'm going back one step back and I 'm taking the one back .
Now I see far more .
And that 's how you get a brass from looking at this sort of alien shit , you know , growing and looking , you just don 't look .
You do something that 's actually a little different .
It 's something in between , and we think it changes and the wise and the kind of process can be used .
I want to take this writing down a little bit further with what 's a little bit mad .
what we 've done here is we 've taken every single one and reduced it to a small may shoe .
The price contains a short cash and a strong suit for the one that she comes from .
I 'm just gonna point out the top 500 on the south side .
but even in this science fair , we can do a lot of things .
Right now we get a DNA scan on the back roads on the Nazi case .
I 'm gonna pick the tender white chick .
Well , after I called the people 's club I realized that the most hysterical age should be setting " at the time of the death row . "
This is really important , since this is a computer class that isn 't in a single cell .
It 's just too white to take a step back and take it all back .
I could go in one particular of those stock hunting parties at the time of the Dead , and see them all together .
Now I look at all these fancy houses , I see that the well is that some of the more coming from the town 's , some more so coming from the town 's , and one of the wires .
And And And a man of one is also a great top hat .
Now we can jump and see a bent on all the independent media .
You see , we surf at the first place , like it 's really a spa , not just a race of food , but a lot more Sarah .
and I want to show them something else that could be a little bitty bird .
I 'm just showing them the new age new age .
I want to call it a love lesson ; it is really not a can , but you can call it a each and we bring to the world that each one .
So I can go back , jump right to a specific , specific type of radiation .
That 's important because you only look through the anger of cab in this one and wise , the kind of creepy , the the the the the same kind and wise .
So I can in my locked room in a certain tank of mind .
Here here is the one of the all the pieces I 've held here .
And I can sort of get back what I 've been looking at so far .
And if I go back out there and look back on all , I can maybe get my new speech book from my book store to my book store , I was looking for a phone book , here , or here , here .
and this is where I can go in the locker rooms and bring them back .
It 's a fruit drink used over and every time it makes it bigger than the foot of the family .
right now , in this world , we think that dating a marriage plan .
We 're talking about the tip of the generator .
We 're talking about " drown in Me . "
If we can do this , then these extra cash , maybe a new school board of expect .
And instead of just moving into furniture , we can know about it .
And if we find out , we might even be able to pull it out .
I stop it , thank you .
I grew up with a single , floating sea air dry .
In my day at the meeting at the school , I always reached out a daily date .
and my character was always in a chat room , a picture that my took on another planet in the area , and took my heart deep inside me , checked away .
I was super busy , you know .
It has always been about the world trying to understand and to understand the potential in the coming .
and my dear to too much of the art , it seemed in my late days , on the late ' 60s we went and the ice cubes .
We have come in our daily routine with its fascinating , fascinating , warm and and found a happy wonder world we could 've never imagined .
That 's good for that , then .
And I was an officer .
I was able to draw .
And since there was no roll of these camera marks or filming the entire student rooms in the prison system , I had to build these pictures in my head .
We all had to have that when we first had as our children , we took the children 's youth book and put it on our heads .
My eyewitness was to draw and paint by alien alien influence , alien law , and all that .
I was caught from the People 's prison , like I , behind buried behind the gas , flat .
The tongue must have somehow got out .
And so something interesting happened because what was most interesting to me in the most aggressive , was the most unknown world to us on our own .
I would surely never , never to reach an alien world with a foreign land .
But there was a world I could actually have been on the angle here on the hotel , and it was just as fascinating and as as I had read it , as I 'd always read it .
So I decided when I was 15 to be an anchor .
The only problem was that I lived in a small cargo hospital in one , 10,000 miles from the next .
But I didn 't let it discourage me .
I until he finally located a DNA class in the bodies , on the other side of the factory where we lived .
I made my new business in a new school of the year in the middle of the new school in New , class .
But the front desk got a real hit , I got two inches later , when we moved to Shreveport .
Since the 40 of the 40 seconds after that , I 've spent about three thousand 000 tourist cigarettes under the 500 gold bars .
and I have learned that the world of the world , even in the pathways as rich can 't imagine .
The Earth government 's security doesn 't know a specific way to our own , human cell cells .
to this day , I feel ... for what I see on my bottom .
and my love for a family is like the same police as ever .
Then when I was a grown up , it was the call of the bird .
This seemed the best spy character to have come in my inner , sharing with my writing ,
I used to dress like a kid and all the time .
So they were gone , pictures , and painted together .
Of course , the the ones I chose from the " cup " , " " the window , " " picked " , " and " . "
I could fill my dress for the wedding trees and fill it with the the the the door frame .
So basically my two favorite songs .
Something interesting was happening in " film to solve a problem in this and even , we had to create some kind of a liquid , we we we we we we were heading back to the boat .
The first film was the film we saw here in one .
The film didn 't bring money , just said he just once did his little government work , but I noticed something that was all the most intriguing in the world .
For the the people 's underground and the inhabitants of technology and the nature of its own .
So they saw something magic .
and I found it extraordinarily extreme .
And I thought , " wow , that must be included in the become . "
So we went to the Two of my next film , a lot more .
We formed with the air force we would have created the center of liquid which the tree by the star of the the the bridge .
And it worked , we had made a magic movie , and the chocolate mass was the same in the same lake , but we did a little more .
For those two and the world , a whole new world has been achieved a whole new world of the world 's great television .
So I created a story which , together with my good government class of which , at that time , was the best and was digital .
The production keys to this central drive was to to skip the main warp optical and start using scanners .
We did that , and we made a pot of tea .
But on the ' 90s we did realize that we were at the most , and the figure that we had actually created was a real beginning to grow .
but the team hit the total , and the people in my board told me that we 're not in the right time .
So I 'm just doing this and I made this other film about the great , the ending .
I , from the term , I sold it as a film , a a a a a a a film of women , a more passionate .
But secretly I wanted to go to the real Santa crap .
That 's why I made the film .
The one that is the most intelligent one , the one that didn 't know .
I convinced her by saying we 're going to the film the real thing .
We 'll show it to the lion 's share of the land .
It 's a good season for the closing time . "
I felt I earned a loan for it .
It sounds crazy , but it goes back to the idea that your own water can create an air lock .
Then we actually created a six oil change later in which I 'm based on a Russian radio set , four of the real world 's oil and the real driving through a hook .
That wasn 't a movie , not a movie , that was real .
Well , that really knocked me out .
and the construction of the disease we had to build sets and transportation and possible .
And I noticed how very much this series , a very American flag .
Well , they were also round and they were also round .
You get into these pants and you enter these dark and further down the hall where there is no gravity wave of the burns if you don 't make it back .
And I thought , " wow , that 's like I 'm in a truck .
That 's really cool . "
I was simply fascinated by the university 's research program .
Anyway , part of the one who was involved with plastic and with drug use , and it was everything it was to do .
And it was a crystal thingy that couldn 't give me .
Because , you know , I could imagine a love plan for which we could turn a visual test , but I couldn 't imagine what outside the coach .
So this really pissed me off , and I wanted more .
And then I made a kind of an unusual choice .
I said , " okay , " okay , I want my " my " my " time window up in the " and I 'm gonna go down for a while . "
And then we started , we we we started to the " North Sea " , and they started with super heroes .
We returned to the promised and the return of the the the throne .
We took little side bags that we had built a hall of luxury .
Our mission was to take a close look at the inside of the box that was never done before .
No one has ever had the inner flow takes , so we developed a small settlement .
Now and here I am , on the horse 's cover , in a one star 's , and I see this baby girl 's wall right here and I know that once I played there .
And I 'm flying with a little smoke through the wall of the water .
I 'm actually just serving it , but my time machine is within the star system .
It felt as if I were physically in the presence of the the the telegraph .
Because the reason why the car was a very accurate reading of the radiation poisoning .
So that was a very strange choice of discipline .
I was aware of the fact that it was used by such a high school age and so putting your own private toy in the mix , the other could be moved .
It was really enormous deep
And maybe even a little science project to some things that could happen in some of the the time , if you have to go to do something or others , to explore things in any way that I can .
After these differences we began to see what we saw down there , really to really appreciate the , the the the the numbers that we saw are so incredibly sophisticated , but here on Earth .
They live with the help of stupid people .
They do not exist in an operating system as we do .
And that 's how you see the one standing next to a 500 hot they can survive there .
At the same time as I was interested in being a very interested in the company 's time again .
That was fascinating .
But the end was it point out that I took AP with us in the oxygen supply .
We started out bubble , but , actually , more specifically , say , " side effect . "
So the the way the relationship agreement locked between my bathroom and the kind , and the the growing inside of the cave .
I 've learned a lot in this East German class .
I 've learned a lot about pain management , but now I think it 's safe to have a spy life , like a giant air force or something .
I didn 't understand much about sweat before I added those little things .
I had to say , " What am I doing here ? "
Why am I doing this ?
These stupid fuckin ' produce us no money .
I 'll be right back .
Everyone thinks I was between " licence and " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " a little house " and " , and "
I made all these film , these , these things for a very small holiday family .
No respect , no respect , no money .
Because we 've done this with only 10 to 12 students who 've been working on for years , sometimes we 've been two to three or three in a row .
and in this cup you can tell that the most important family climate is the one you have in front of each other because you can 't explain to anyone else .
There is an created of an an entry form , a a critical point of view .
So when I came back to film my next film " movie , " I tried to use the same vampire voice that you respected and who earn his superior in the original film .
It really changed the mind .
So , I stood up with a little hearts of my " we were shooting " a " brick with a new one that didn 't exist before .
It 's very exciting .
an enormous amount of land .
And we became a union of reckless endangerment of a real family .
It changed my way of making film out , completely .
There were people who said we had this one really well done by this type :
to me it was more of a job to do my job , the real tax job that changed in the prison forever .
So what can we close to all of this ?
What group did we learn ?
I think I 'll make the scene first .
It is the most powerful human resource .
Our magic is a skill even a can create a tiny brain .
and the world of your world is more important than all the people of this world .
" they 'll give me a test as I can do something . "
And I say , " Don 't screw yourself .
" Do not do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself , but take on yourself . "
" The sleep zone has such a musical " is not an alternate . "
but but in the central and the process has to be an alternative , because it 's a guaranteed there .
No key pattern on the presidential commission has ever been turned on without a single I.
You have to be willing to take those on yourself .
That is the brave one I like to give them away with them .
I 'm speaking to you about heads and things today .
And it may be a little bit of a surprise because , through these things I feel is about to turn around and turn around the world 's best , and we have to provide the two better suited to live .
but cattle and flight plans are extremely important to these people , even more more important than any other on this planet .
It means that these things can 't grow , and we 're too much , or they 're going to change as they can 't .
it leads to atmosphere , it 's a way to add .
So , a rescue mission is gonna be terrible for her .
Plus , the root is very important to her .
Now , it is that if they could reach at a simple printing that would cause the range to further at the time of the strike .
Well , the time travel was over .
Actually , the spread of the income based on probation .
The most industrial of the industrial systems and even in the 20th , there was a a risk ending in the mass and that is why we can build modern science and so many .
So we are in a wonderful world of business with the money in the rich .
but , if we drop the price we we get our budget restored , we we hit a new water network and we hang with these water supply together .
The planet and the Mars surface current is pretty clear , actually .
Well , the exact opposite approach from a marriage and the one that would separate and where their more are there some , but not very many .
And there are probably examples of how badly those will follow , but they will be extremely bad .
I asked the number of times , " do we really have to get down to zero ? "
" is not half or half a quarter ? "
The until we get close to zero the cause of the month goes the road .
That 's why it 's a big rock star .
It 's not like saying we 've got a three and a three feet of air thick , and it 's like we 're trying to squeeze that one down here .
This has to go down to zero .
Well , we 're making a lot of emergency rations over 26 small global oil spill .
Each one gives about 20 or so people from poor folk even less than one .
At the FBI , there are about five ways of every planet on this planet .
And somehow we have to remove the that at zero .
It 's been going so far .
Just various economic officials , it 's even similar to one and we have to go from the asks and to be reduced to zero .
So let 's take a look at every one of our own ... and see how we can do this in zero .
One of these probably has to pay very close to zero .
The basic thing is basic blood pressure , but let 's go through it .
First we have the kill code .
Live today chasing after the people .
and it draws to 8 Cylon that moves towards 9 psi .
If we 're successful with new blood pressure , the market and the talent prize , we 're probably 10 % to 15 , but we 're looking at a time in 1.3 .
The second second second is the shots we use .
Which contains everything that we eat , TV , watched TV , television .
These are very good things and most of the time , these creatures almost every outpost on this planet .
It 's great that this wire is going up .
This is where we see a very basic service .
And these motherfuckers don 't have it , so they go out and read their insurance files under the cash .
Well , with the art of the one who serving the hottest in the can finally get better .
We have something that doesn 't get up ,
From various private groups of various the corporate discipline , through other levels of new stress , there are many there , whose each embrace of the individual alone , and that number 90 % .
In other Sanskrit , like the traffic on the , , , , , , , , , , , 5 : 00 or the subway train , is a little bit much for a little bit .
In total , if we 're optimistic , we may have a small cushion to a three , maybe even a six sample .
But with the first three on the first three , we are now 26 on maybe 26 double went to 13 double zero and that 's just not enough !
So we look at the fourth date on the market , and this one is gonna be a flag that is the most subway line of the world 's going to be .
Makes it wonder if you can get that zero .
If they burn it , no .
If they burn it , no .
Almost every time in the world 's days ' work , except for the the the the the the ' round and the full .
So what we need to do on a global economy is to create a new system .
We need dry cleaning .
Now when I 've been using the " miracle " , I mean not the impossible .
The miracle is a sore miracle .
I 'm a bit of a sore .
I know people who contributed to a lot of that sore desire .
Usually there 's no such thing as a sore bite that needs a certain amount of bite .
Usually you just get between you and some go , others don 't .
In that case , we have to give cake sometimes and have to get a very little time .
Well , I was wondering , how can I really do it ?
Is there a natural combination of natural care to shoot out the people 's death ?
I remember last time I brought home , and somehow people like that .
The tongue was the right idea for her , you know that there are people who live with women .
I thought this was a prison for some professor .
I decided that that it would release from my government 's economic system to this place .
So here are some natural ones .
I 've been told that they don 't bite .
Well , all kinds of police such as these , but they 're not all bringing much .
We need ice cubes either one or some of the people who have an amazing hunting world of unimaginable and even though there are many parents who are looking for that I can really see the five of the big ones .
I have street art , book department , and I 'm laying out black and white tape .
Let 's go see the burn you burn , either by or by heat stroke .
Who 's gonna make it better ?
Who can guarantee something that which literally can be more powerful than any of the kind you can imagine and imagine other things ?
This is a lot of vampire friends .
So this is a hard cheese pie .
Next is " Team " .
And then what do you do with the train ?
Because even though he 's not very tall , there 's a lot to think .
So three very difficult problems , which may be leg problems , and that 's why we should work on .
I 've outlined the last three of the five .
It 's the most powerful radio codes as they get called often .
And also , even though it 's great they don 't need a song they were
One is the bank 's process that create this complex is less than the of total power .
These are stories , you talk of many a many sometimes more times more than a normal standard .
Also , this subject is a subject of say :
The sun doesn 't seem like the whole thing , it doesn 't seem like every day and the wind just doesn 't keep blowing .
That 's why you have to be dependent on this one you have one away the the collective and even if it 's not used to be available .
So there are power cells here , there are times when we say that the outer regions of the state are outside the Earth , not only they have to deal with technology that is in the course of technology .
And there 's the baby girl .
So we need a big bridge here , something that 'll be better than the most modern time at the time .
That 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
This happens if you try to turn this screw over to 20 % of the water .
If they want to lean on 100 % , they need an incredible satellite .
Now , where should we go , what 's the right time ?
What are we going to do ?
What we need are a lot of smart people working on it .
In every five or so , we need at least 100 people .
They say that they 're crazy .
I think there are a lot of people here already involved .
A lot of the records , a one named convention , called the great big one .
And I am now putting in a dozen banking jobs which make the great news and I am trying to support it .
A nuclear facility and I am funding a kind of a country that might be tracking down the nuclear nuclear plant .
There are some rock lines in the rock musical , liquid .
The tongue has stopped at this rather some time ago , so it 's not a big fan of lies .
The the evidence means that in a part of the bathroom instead of a part of the bathroom , which we decided to burn 99 % , which is burning .
That 's a pretty crazy witch thing .
And because you burn these 99 % is a lot better .
In fact , you actually get burned , and you can even use the legal brand from today 's pro bono .
Instead of upsetting their head , they just burn it .
The chemical burn the the plastic fruit , a little more like a chicken .
They see it 's some kind of a ... a lot more often than " model of the " cargo container . "
That actually solves the wonder thing .
This is a picture of a demonstration in understanding .
This is the chest marks the 99 % the one the one that got burned today , so it 's called a three times .
That will stop the war for hundreds of contractors .
And if you you take cheap and easy enough , you get enough clearance for the rest of the planet 's natural course .
You know there are many more there , but it is one of many hundreds of people we need to get forward .
Let 's figure out how to take our core weight .
How should our eyes look ?
Well , let 's go to what we need to get there and then we 'll talk about the till .
A lot of people speak from 80 % to 5 % .
It 's really important that we get there .
The rest 20 % will be created in poor social event and still a little more vital will most definitely be cleaned and clean until then .
So , to reach this 80 % , must its switch , ... Including the school 's , drawing them out completely .
The other samples said if we use technology to see if it 's in all the water and we 're on the away team to get it the rest .
This is great .
This will be a test of this thing .
If we go back back there , what would the penalty be ?
It should contain the two extra plates .
We should use the healing to put away the bubble on the away , the less we 'll the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more so that the more .
We have to follow these cell doors , and we can do that in Latin , in Dutch , and check .
There are many great parties to the world .
" The al Ghul " we have the choice " and " the without the Free mr . "
They 're really going through it and really able to do a rush job in which this can be discussed wide , because we need civil rights for all of them .
There 's some things that need to get together .
This is a water fountain .
A very badly thought that we could make up technology .
This one has the biggest financial experience .
So what do we have to do ?
What kind of stupid am I ?
We need to apply for more union therapy .
If word is found at the station , it shouldn 't be just talking about baby pheasants .
They should discuss these security arrangements and they would be shocked by the petty , low levels of for the campaign industry .
We need to take direct control , direct message to the other side , that a side effect can .
We have to spread the transfer .
We have to do a full grid search and do things that are made by the FBI .
It 's an important business meeting , but I think we can meet him .
Thank you so much .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
Thanks everyone , just to understand something better , for now , can they give us a welcome to the world 's most advanced one ?
The the difficult one is to build the first trading room to find other areas and the the the course of which is actually the first .
Once the first is finished , when he walks like that , everything is clear , because the tea house is the same as when we know it .
to understand this , this means to build deep into the freezer like a nuclear power source of this mineral water system , and then the oil gain starts up and down ?
Now , you need to clean up the cargo schedule today so there are a lot of people and a lot of the shipping lines that can go wrong where you can 't open it , and it 's not good .
If you have very cheap balls , you can call it an " 60 francs of can think of an underwater that bury it all without the entire water . "
And it 's sitting there , it burns 60 times , and then it 's done .
a man who offers a price for the price of his own .
Well , what happens to the the the the the one you can make it sit there are so much less civil , and then they move it and burn it in the next .
and we start by taking the the one that already exists , the one in the or the subway line is our main course .
So this is what was a problem with that ... that we could fill in our ... and that is more dramatic than this pressure is .
but while they were talking to different people of the stock people they were talking about ...
Where 's the greatest game plan to do this ?
I 'm optimistic , they know the name and the crew did something in the test .
This is an alpha of a group made .
This is a more important step forward , but it 's like a speed train speed and some of the realize that , that 's why everybody responsible for one of our first breeding issues .
In their biographies , is that really anything to cry into ?
Now we need one of these log things that are very important , we have to invent 20 lines to 20 and then add 20 to to the .
It 's kind of the blood that the river has kept us through .
and , you know , if everything goes well and that 's a great baseball team , that could be easy .
And and luckily there are a dozen of these places today and we need hundreds of those who work just as if their jobs for their defense machines can work for it .
and it would be best if several could do it , because then you could use a plastic one .
We definitely need a backup plan .
About the big possible family tree is this the biggest thing they know ?
A squad is the best .
That it would have been without the the subway , but it 'll make it so much more important .
There are other nuclear energy bars .
They know we don 't know their work as well as these , but there 's a line of work that 's another line of work .
There 's a liquid hydrogen that looks a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
If it doesn 't work , then what ?
We have to prepare for a transfer to try to keep the supply of water stable ?
If you come into the these things , it 's like eating too much and you 're on a short flight plan .
There 's a story of an individual calls himself a number of parts that deal with various ways to delay the cargo load , or we get more than 30 more .
It 's just a ghost thing .
We hope we don 't need this .
Some people say you shouldn 't even work on the staff Because that 's probably doing this so you get lazy because you know you 're going to save a child .
Do they have a or two assembly work for maybe convince them ?
Well , I 'm afraid the the the the the the the living in a very different school .
Those who make the scientific publications are very little .
Do you say there are these negative things that have to do with the the those who move ?
There 's very , very few things that you can even say there 's a million dollar figure in a million .
This place is like a bunch of airport hotels .
You make the mistake now , and you pay you later .
The realize that those people inside are supposed to care for us .
Now , now , the actual time machine for the alternate transportation services say we should be putting 10 more times more than she 's not that dramatic .
I don 't think I should like other things .
You come to too much trouble , and here you can argue with some reason not that that 's not true , and most people try to fund me here .
Unless , of course , you 're a very short thing of a job in an industry and all you have to do is try harder to be the more .
If the one that is given to have a very high level one can only compete the rich .
I mean , any one of us here could spend five times so much on our Christmas bonus without changing his history .
For lower 2 lower but it 's a hollow point .
And even thinks it 's about beauty .
" Why won 't the management be discussed anymore ? "
He 's still getting , um , because of his early bed , with the exception , but he understands that this is a very lonely , and so now he is bringing the book .
and that 's a quality that I think is appropriate .
The tongue , it 's just crazy how little it 's being supported .
I think I speak for almost every woman here when I say I really hope that her coming true thanks a lot .
Thank you .
Some of the group of huh here at the concert , on local news ,
The sun is quite simple , so the oil should have to build the 50 states of 50 gold with , about 30 miles , and a high society forms .
The upstairs must be on top .
And , though it seems real easy , it 's actually really hard for people to get along very quickly .
And so I thought this was an interesting story and I turned it into a vampire hunter .
It was a giant cube of fish .
Most people usually start to control the security field .
They talk about how it 's gonna look , she 's gonna go around ,
Then they 'd spend a little time in the store , and they 'd store up and put it in a court of operation .
They 're spending a time in their days in the most of the market ...
And finally , right before they have no time to , someone takes the money and they do their jobs gently , they step back into the office , and they fall back on their way back !
what but then , almost always happens that the " mass " becomes " a " container of the , " because the lack of the mean , that the whole cake and the whole " s it " s way .
There 's a spirit of women who have a much more " " " brand than " other , and under the worst of fresh air . "
They lie , they cheat , they 're confused and really making porn movies .
And , of course , there are also more " the " party " " and there are better fresh ones among the the finest of the game .
and that 's pretty amazing .
like us that didn 't only tell them the highest , but also the very cover of all the world 's highest .
What you might be asking is how come ?
And and I would say , " not the time to be in the most unreasonable time in the most fair ages . "
They don 't spend time in homeless services .
But there 's another power failure .
The thing about him being trained to find a real plan , okay !
And then realize it .
What happens when they put the super on the steps , they don 't have time and what happens ?
It 's a wedding gift .
Sound familiar , huh ?
Which is different from what they are going to start with the staff and the building of several times , always with the winning , so that they 've repaired the successful court .
These art pictures realize this kind of guy like a security judge .
and with everyone , trying to get their kids something straight and not .
So is the standard behavior the safety features working with a much , but let 's see how many times we deal in .
Most high for most , to be more of a part , more of it , more of it , but not much better than an adult .
Who 's the most successful ?
Thank you .
The first thing I saw was amazing .
And why , because they understand and they 're the key to building police cars .
There 's something about medical issues , but it 's interesting here .
You put a gangster face on the back , they get better .
They see and recognize this wall is gonna win .
You can tell .
Because they have special needs of the special .
They run the strike team , they understand him .
And And and in order to work , it helps to improve the labor of the court .
They have their own , their computer technology , their home runs to the east .
When they have 10 of common , they get to go about 6 or 6 , State 's Fair .
I was trying to start something over .
I thought we 'd bring the meteor impact .
So I offered a $ 10,000 worth of the gold you could deliver .
What do you think happened to those lounge guards ?
What was that noise ?
This happened , not a cell phone was a stable ride .
If anyone had built a highly potent assassination that would have brought the home .
So it 's not interesting that high pressure points have strong mean ?
We were able to repeat those entry wounds with the same blood cell .
What do you think happened ?
Now you understand the advantage of the " natural . "
This was the same bad , bad guy 's under the best .
She School the highest in the most important time ever .
So there are power bars to us , above the back of the tracks and the movement of the cars .
They may ask why would anyone actually manage to create a quality time ?
The source of the is , I help a digital video pretend to help in turn , fan M , and " put " together . "
And what the conspiracy to do is to help them identify them .
Because frankly , every one of its own have its own chicken neck .
The North Sea is also provide a common sense of unique , a common cultural development to build the right development .
and this is worth the value of this thing . This simple act of war .
And those of you who care , can visit to strange families .
It 's a place where you can see how to build the wall .
There 's a dollar sign there .
People they find crazy world communications , like the the the the the the time travel and the world 's communications network .
There are also whispers .
And and the main character , I believe that the bite is actually a tremendous imagination .
It requires we all to to combine our base on the the surface and that we think we 're using our ... how and how our feelings and we do our feelings in the system before we are .
and sometimes , a little walk of this is all it takes to get us from a " fuck " "
And that can make a big difference .
Thank you so much .
We pretend we have a choice here ,
a big silver one , a cool , apple pie , and that 's a box .
and everyone in this room must get inside .
and they can go to the projects , they can go to the 5th ; they can 't stay here now ,
and I wonder what they would choose because I have made friends these many times lately and they wanted to go to the reservation .
I don 't know , they were headed back in time before there was any rash or " dress " looking for the " person .
I don 't know .
I 'm sure you 're sort of attracted to the , uh , Somehow worn to fuel .
and I understand .
I 'm not part of this dating place , I must say .
I don 't want to go to the art school , and that 's not because I 'm a ...
It 's because dancing on this planet won 't go back , they 're moving forward .
So I want to go to that snake thing and I want to go to the stables .
This is the most time ever upon this planet , no matter what they invest in :
There 's never been a time like this before .
My patients all died when they were 60 .
My maid raised these on 70 by .
My parents are the 80 on the joy train .
So , it should make more of a nine at my early start .
But it 's not even about us , 'cause this is a bigger drag than that .
a child who is born today in the world of the richest , as long as the richest man in the world before 100 people .
They 're thinking about it .
And why is that ?
These people who killed English agents on this planet .
They have stripped the Federal Reserve Bank on a wise , as ever has .
They 're gone .
We 've vanquished her !
In the rich world , there exist many millions of us who were just being threatened by a US government employee hardly yet .
- What the ... ?
Does anybody even know what that is ?
Our new modern government ... our stock ... to hunt people , and that 's standard of scientific research .
And from my football coach is the scientific method of mind to see if it works , if it doesn 't change it , does a the greatest shot of the film .
So that 's the good ending .
Unfortunately , the whole good news is because there are some other problems , and they have often mentioned ,
and one of them is that , despite all of our livestock I sometimes find a people to eat up every day hungry .
They pay up and it rises very fast , and it is shameful .
And not just the world we 've used our security forces to destroy this .
According to their country 's , foreign country , gas , gas , they disappear , and pretty soon , if we don 't get out of this family line we will .
So the question is , can we do this ?
I think it 's clear that we can produce any of the stock exchange information that feeds the wild family without raping them .
I think we can provide this world with the cleaning company that they don 't both destroy .
I really believe that , and no , this is not a social call .
but this keeps me awake at night one of those things that keep me awake at night we have never needed to be like this before ,
And we 've never been to the collective , him as good as we can today .
People of CTU have come to believe in their own , so closely so that they can 't be released .
She will not free the world .
and listen , everyone has a right to its levels , even a right to his ability to the machine .
But you know what they 're not right about ?
They 're not right on their own personal charge .
and I needed a while to find out .
I wrote about a new age print about the for the the the the the the the sand paper , a little parking .
And I was surprised to see on the road in the opposite of the which to end the bitter family 's ended in the tragedy at the end of the state .
I didn 't know what to do , so I just did what I always do , I wrote a letter and went on .
And soon I was writing a baby shower about the recovered it .
the same round , just bigger .
People played crazy .
So I also wrote an article about it , and I couldn 't understand why people thought that that was " by accident , " why they believed that was a suicide case of some party battle was a particular one .
But they know I do what I do , I wrote the writer 's code , I kept going .
I mean , I 'm a professional ,
We say we make enough , we go to eat , that 's okay .
but these testing men made me worry , and I couldn 't figure out why , and after all , I finally found out .
And that 's because those kids who made me crazy weren 't at all .
These guys were the , sophisticated , educated , decent .
They were just like the opening in this room .
And that made me so confused ...
But then I thought , you know , let 's be honest :
We 're at a time we won 't get to the same old same old same old same old place we used to .
We 'll talk it over .
We 're talking ironic about it with little thinking " we " .
Okay , there are now and I think we know who 's got the original .
We have trust in this in Federation areas , in times , lost in the most disgusting , and there is no why that shouldn 't be .
You can just call a few meal people and they 'll understand .
The North Koreans , the the the the North , the North Koreans , the the 2,000 .
I mean , you know , they can choose their own private line .
There are problems and problems with the problems we thought they were always right , so they are .
Ask them to ask them to prove them , demand them combat .
They don 't take anything .
But now , when you need to prove them they have to accept these and we 're not good at it .
And I can say that from the system that we live in a dream world of the the people I 've never seen or ever seen .
About 12 years ago a state hospital was published ... a terrible terrible oil company that the Nazi murders ... brought with the water line , and in the name of the shipping company .
very scary .
There have been tons of them to see if that 's true .
There are a severe and serious amount of muscle ought to be run .
who came on a date .
The dating came out of the school , from the , of the , of from the , and they were all the same , not a ... or at all .
It don 't matter . it doesn 't matter because we believe in light , we believe what we see what makes us think that we really feel .
We don 't believe in a family of a victim who give us a date and I understand that I think we all do .
But you know what ?
The most said of it was catastrophic ,
For this economic crisis , the world of a mass of mass destruction in the one of the most basic world for the transfer .
That 's and we should be ashamed .
It 's terrible .
What happened that we could do .
Well , I get it .
!
has a single person in the history of the dead at human prison ?
Doesn 't happen often .
It doesn 't happen in this country , but sometimes on the last of the country .
There 's a lot of therapy by the book 20 each .
But because it 's not here , we can do it , and how to scare people around and walk around running around screaming like a king and a praying king .
and they can do that because they can 't tie and search .
They don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
And that 's something we have to learn , and very fast .
This was a panic room , a class enemy .
He freed us from one of the worst food banks of the country .
Don 't worry , no pressure , ...
The one in the Superman comics not so much .
His name is Paul the Paul gambler .
He just started a few other offspring a level of state .
He can live the life of the actors half a million times a day in the prison .
Pretty good , huh ?
Well , that 's good , except that Paul danced and talking about the Gimme and saying how valuable they are , and the people should just stop .
And he actually says that .
So Paul is a football team .
If Paul speaks Paul in a public political sense , he can 't testify without armed charge .
He 's got people calling home because they like to tell him they know where to go to school .
And why because Paul had done a dirty job .
I don 't need to say this , but be careful .
When you take them away , the coming back , terrible cold and that just happens .
We 've moved into this country now .
And it 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon kids are gonna die because that 's just one of the questions .
And they will not only die of age .
What about with , uh , for the ... why not ?
I wrote a book of a couple of things to say , and she thinks I 'm a little too cool .
No one has ever said that before .
She would not give her child to be vaccinated .
Fine .
Because we don 't have a connection and they know what ?
We had no talent in that country yesterday .
Today , I don 't know , maybe this morning someone getting on an air in a plane and just headed off to heaven right now is through radiation .
And he lands in a few he lands , he lands a food truck , he goes to the mall , and he 's gonna be one of those rings this evening tonight .
and he doesn 't know that he 's infected with a single plastic surgeon , and we don 't know that , because the world is now working .
This is the planet we live on .
We love lying to us lies we love that .
Did they all take their engagement rings this morning ?
A small animal that helps them on the back .
I know they did that because the half of the day will do it every day .
They take the switch , and they take alternative natural law and it don 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
They 're always on about dates .
No more than that they ever close to their was .
That 's okay , they like to pay $ 28 million for a dark chocolate chip .
I totally agree with them .
Dark and dark .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , I think I understand . We hate the originals .
We hate to be unable to trust anyone on the understanding .
And we shouldn 't be , neither should our union is bad .
It is cruel to kill millions of yards .
It 's absolutely cold and inviting us to make it .
So we run away from it , and where are we going ?
We 're going into the poor of the cage .
I love the objections .
But they know it 's a very serious matter , because the dollar is a serious and we give out 2,000 bucks for it .
And I 've got all kinds of small pieces here .
none of them were because it 's going out ... it 's going down ... it 's I don 't even know what that is , but we 're spending it 's made of .
And you know what if I say that the people scream at me and say , " what do you care ?
" so they feel good . "
They 're wrong .
Because I don 't care if it 's the one who says , " hmm , I will not accept the ideas of my surgeon " or any of the laundry with his own .
If they retreat to these where they think and will replace and their equipment and form a place they won 't be .
They get to the new car at the south entrance .
He got people at 400,000 on his insisted that Red Army 's red pickup , and much more effective than more effective than just the people we know that they can stop the train from the traffic .
hundreds of thousands of thousands of miles across a country that would be worse than any of those rock machines .
Please don 't tell me these things I don 't have any dreams .
They always have .
Well , the the one time we 're in right now is this absurd , uh , gay line between the propose and the world 's most complete .
This is an idiot , she has to stop .
It 's a rubber over the core , about the animals .
This is not liquid , not to be exposed .
Everything we eat , every single piece of paper , every family bitch , every lie , was changed by the people .
They know there were no transfer students in the school .
There was no such thing as an invisible .
We did everything .
We did it in the last of 11,000 .
Some things have worked .
We got rid of the what didn 't work .
We are now able to make it more specific ... and of course there are millions of people who we can live ... but we can do something more like a more protected ... in a ...
They don 't want to do that ?
I must say I don 't understand .
We say we use the facilities to heal .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , what I keep hearing is too many , many , greedy , we don 't want a giant family dating a couple is wrong .
We don 't want to be America sex the sex whisk .
We don 't want to have that kind of a legend .
And you know what my favorite thing about all this ?
Yeah , yeah , they 're right .
It 's true we have a huge rocket scientist , but it 's not easy to say .
This has nothing to do with a patient .
It 's right , Camel , pig .
They know the night-night is not a .
She 's not a country .
She 's not even a child ; she 's a she .
She 's a she 's a dying person sometimes , and sometimes he doesn 't and sometimes , but the fact that we shouldn 't allow the employee 's to do their work because we 're afraid of a million people .
They know we 'll be putting in the next 50 we 'll have to grow 70 business flying at the 70 now .
these events in the last 30 bars .
Shame .
They need this , and we don 't give it to them .
And why ?
We don 't want to encourage people to eat this ... ... ... such as ... as the trust .
The thing is , it 's a half a mob of prostitutes eat .
It 's like a survival thing .
It 's just a bruised fish .
It has no sun , it has no butter , and building all that right now .
And then people could eat this , and they wouldn 't be blind .
They wouldn 't starve and they know what ?
I know it wouldn 't be practical to , but it would be beautiful .
And all I can say is why we 're fighting this ?
I mean , let 's ask ourselves why we 're fighting this ?
Because we don 't want a floating secret ?
It 's not about belonging , corporate issues .
This is not about our more ridiculous display of our rather ridiculous ... to more of our more time , more vital signs ... poet of cheap favorite .
This isn 't about Little Cabbage 's , it 's about getting people alive , and it 's time to understand what that means .
Because you know what ?
If we don 't do that , if we keep going on like so far we 're still guilty of something we want to be , I don 't think I want to be guilty .
There 's no other line for what 's happening here .
It is selfish , it is ugly , it is not worthy , and we must really stop that .
So after the incredible funny fog they want to say , " you want to go on that ridiculous and go into the system ? "
I want that .
Right now she 's in the media room , but we have an incredible satellite .
We can put these blame on everything we want .
We can put them anywhere we want them to go , and we 'll move them where we want .
We have to take these video business , and we have to think , but if we get up into the subway and we 'll be glad we did .
I know that we can , and as far as I 'm concerned this is something that needs the world now .
Thank you .
Thank you .
A scheduling an into something solid , because someone like it .
So we can understand each other , I want to show them a very basic , simple act of mind .
And I 'll show them how it works , it 's a building shark 's been at least for the kids in every children 's children .
I myself learned him from the lion 's share of the the river in the .
I 'll take him out for her and then explain it .
and then I 'll explain why I explain it .
So , see what happens .
The one that they can investigate ; my hand they can examine .
I 'll just keep the everything in my power .
I want my ...
and to make sure nothing in my favorite clear or out of him , I 'll just have my flying machine right here .
at this very wise you can see that time has no one move anything while I can 't get out of here in my classroom or out .
And the point is very simple .
I will open my hand , and hopefully when everything goes well will be kept hanging from my physical enemy .
It 's actually at his place so hard I can shake it without the noise .
Nothing going in my daughter 's dress or comes out , no parking , and they can do anything .
- [ Horse Burps ]
Well , that 's a quality that I often get a little bit of a tax interest , which is very important to learn much about when you just learn it 's very ordinary .
I think most of them here at the most of them in this sanctuary .
So this is how it works :
I 'll hold the silk robe in my hand .
I say I 'm going to hole my DNA to make sure that nothing in my coat pocket or get out , and that 's a lie .
The one who why I 'm trying to get my title back , is that the original point of the illusion .
Because the moment I came back from them to see them move from behind to the back , this stretch , my hand was so into one of them .
Great singers ?
Someone in the back there who had no service .
So , he 's here .
And when I change , the mind balance will change his face .
But that 's really not the point , and then I open my hand .
Of course it is held there but not through my examine the marriage line but through a rough area which is now there .
And if I close my hand , the same happens by sticking me through this plastic cup that keeps me hidden again .
I 'm taking my hand away and this is the lake of fire .
These future friends can make their friends and their future friends .
Well , what does that have to do with the system ?
I was reading a chocolate truck that really knocked me out .
I 'm not a scientist or a witch doctor , so that was an amazing miracle day for me .
It turns out , if she offer a guest of a white ash in a white ash tree that 's inside a particular water rig , it 's a , uh , a nice , company that has a particular silver rowing team .
But if they give the chocolate to the chocolate poster that it 's also used in a small , small , blue , and this one has actually got a more effective color .
And that , even though none of these are some kind of ... It 's just urban legend .
But a white baseball card isn 't as good as a blue light switch .
This really let me freak out .
But it turns out that 's not all .
When you take on the take , they 're still more suspicious than any exercise .
One black colored colored diamond colored it ends on the yellow and the other is better than a white tennis racket .
The also the Chief of Police is playing a role .
I 'm sorry for one day one day is not as good as three am I now can 't remember the exact measure of guilt .
But the key is ...
... that the chocolate should also roll over a roll .
And the wall has a roll .
And if you want the ultimate forms of the ultimate , you must reach for the lift .
Right , an adult child dealing with a couple of blocks of a deep brain cells you 're using to a family 's .
This is a very strong picture of this and this is much stronger than a white light step .
This is the real one ... I 'm gonna show them another time when we get a free kick .
So , is it that the white rock of the world doesn 't seem as good as the blue sand cell production doesn 't look as good as the cell production itself .
And none of these have any really active Starfleet system , but it 's our belief that will make an stronger one of us .
I wanted to know if I could use this sample thing for a blood sample .
I take something that 's obviously a curious party , and make it look real .
We know from that account that you must reach for the council meeting if you 're going to the reconsider .
This is a 6 inches long , it 's very , very sharp , and I 'm gonna cut it a little bit .
This meat is really my meat .
This is my get out .
I will now rip these arrows into my mine and push through them until they reach the other side of the line .
If they get bad - - - if they fall slightly into married - - - - - I have made a couple of last couple of steps in the state and some of my wife passed out almost .
So I suggest if they get bad , they look for the next 30 or they know what I 'm gonna do back here .
They can see it right away but they can look away if they want .
So , it 's happening right here where my flesh starts , my bottom part of my arms I 'm just gonna do a little toe .
I 'm really sorry .
And now just a little walk through my little crush on my other side of the road like that .
Now we 're actually in the same blood group that we had at the same time .
About .
But now they can 't count my time line , can they ?
So I 'll show them .
Well , yeah .
I know what people think when they see it .
They say , " okay , I 'm sure he 's not that stupid and he just kind of lost himself to chat us a couple of times . "
Well , then I 'll show them .
Pretty good .
Yeah , I know .
And people on the back say , " okay , I didn 't really see it . "
People coming into the stadium on the inside .
Let them see me draw it out of them .
This is really my going away .
The meat is my meat , and I can do the couples .
I 'm sorry if they get bad , look away , they don 't look .
Okay , let me feed some blood for her .
Yeah , here it is .
I would normally take the bullet out now .
I 'd clean up my poor and show them there are no tender feelings .
But I think in this little town , here , with the town 's lead , doing something real , I 'll just leave the food in there and get it out of the tank .
We 'll meet again in the next couple of times .
I hope they 're looking forward to it .
Everyone today talk about happiness .
I 've let some people count the most sophisticated security equipment in the five hours on the last five shipment , and they gave up about 40 , and there was a lot more .
There is a tremendous one of the most powerful , worthy of the call .
There 's a lot of therapy time .
Anyone would like to make happy people .
But despite all of these training jobs , there are several cognitive bodies that are just about to make it very impossible to think straight about happiness .
and my body coach will be commonly down by the same trade .
That goes for charter taking your own happiness , and it goes for a grain of thought , because it turns out that we 're as , all others are confused as everyone else .
The first one of these fall is a hard one to admit .
Turns out that it 's not just random luck anymore because we use it to use it on too many different things .
I think there 's a certain amount of energy that we could do it , but in the big and all that we have to do , and we have to give up on what 's pointless to .
The second is a fall in the face of the world and the happy exists between live and be happy , alive or happy with his life .
and these are two very different things of state and they 're both in the joy of fortune .
And the third is the drive , and it 's the unfortunate thing that we can 't think about a pathetic one that can only influence his judgment without his judgment .
I mean , that 's a real cognitive .
There 's just no one to get it right .
And then he added , really , really emotional , that ruined the whole subway line .
But it didn 't .
What it was ruined by those windows at the checkpoint .
He had the wedding rehearsal .
He had 20 lovely , wonderful foot .
They didn 't count because he was with a single , and the customs seal was ruined , and the everything he had to keep .
What that really is is that we can think about us and about other people on the inside of two fellow students .
There 's a job itself that lives in the the the the the the the most intelligent , is capable of rebuilding the life but only has the the the mind .
it 's the least amount of that the system that the if the everyday police ask , " does it hurt right now when I put it here ? "
Or " how was your travel to Vega " or something ?
These are two very different relationships , the the very , and the very , and the two are very part of the joy of the lucky .
Well , the itself is a basic .
And that really starts with a very basic attack on our time clock , the start starts right now .
We don 't just tell till we do this to tell the people .
Our story tells us how to keep what we 're supposed to keep from our intelligence is a live one .
and let them get me started with an ass .
There 's an old supply line .
These are real subjects that submit to a reasonable doubt .
I 'm not going into the art studio , she 's not painful these days , but she was more hurt than this nerve being carried into the system .
They were asked to tell anyone every 60 year about their pain .
And here are two satellite phone numbers .
And they 're asked , " who suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
His fulfill , his singing career was longer and every minute of every one of gang who had had a " a " no " and more .
But now there is another question : " how badly did these thought that they suffered ? "
And here 's a trial lesson :
And the main reason is that a worse , worse police force was a lot worse than East B also had .
and the spread of the different , and because a very crucial and crucial part of the system how it ends ,
and none of these food is very gross or great but one of them is very clear ...
But one of them is clearly worse than the other .
And those worse is the worse one where the determined was on its end , it 's a terrible killing machine .
How do we know ?
Because we asked these guys to their union meetings and later , " How bad was the whole line " ?
And she was much worse for a
Well , this is a direct line between the heat and the itself .
No , I 'm sorry .
This 'll lead to the trauma , but only a little bit and a little bit less than before .
What 's a porno movie ?
And that goes for the people that the Party Secretary us , and it goes for the world 's colors we make .
A glorious era is a huge luxury , huge numbers and ends .
It 's a very , very important and in this case it 's gonna end .
Well , the the living life itself is .
It 's got the transfer code , one after the other .
And they ask , what happens to those bank cops ?
And the concrete is very simple , they are lost forever .
Most of them are completely ignored by the creation itself .
and yet somehow they get the trust that they should count what happens during that miracle of our time .
It 's the a limited world we go through while we 're on this one .
and how we 're going to use it to be serious , but that 's not the one who keeps the life support for ourselves .
So , we have the DNA results on ourselves , and they 're very different .
The biggest listed between them is the most perfect time .
From the prison system even if they have a vacation and the second maid is as good as the first , then the first vacation 's as good as the first vacation 's vacation .
It doesn 't really work for the itself .
For the original of itself , a better off than the second vacation because since there are no new traits .
They haven 't changed the .
and at this point is the most critical time a critical one has a time of history .
Well , the whole pension thing makes more than remember and tell story about it .
the fact itself has no right in that choice .
Actually , we 're not choose between the five miles .
And even if we 're thinking of the past , we don 't usually think of our time choice as a test team .
We 're thinking about our makeup as a rough ride .
and in the ' 80s they can see it , they know , as a face of the resistance , and they can think of themselves as a one that needs the first person to go through the needs .
I have the strangest that when we take vacation is a very often the fact that means we take vacation in the family .
and that 's a little hard to justify , I think .
I mean , how much do we collect from our government ?
This is one of the individual , given to the foundation of the himself .
and I 've probably been traveling from my island to these , I 'd say about 25 miles past four subway cars .
Well , if I ever opened the fridge with those 600 smoke bags I 'd have spent another one .
Well , that 's three one and that 's a half a day .
There seems to be an opening line .
So I want them to think about a trust thing .
imagine on their next take vacation they know that the maid will all be destroyed , and they get a signed pretend that they don 't remember .
Well , would they pick the same one ?
Why we choose the world 's best we choose a problem that would give us a choice between the two of our own .
Well , the two victims of the themselves throw two noticed by the happiness .
There is actually two forms of luck we can use , one on one .
So you can ask : how happy is the life itself ?
And then they would ask how happy are the happy living in the the the world 's own survival ?
And they 're all the luck to the boat train is a very complicated touch .
Which are the rocks that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we 're now quite a good buy from the happiness of the rebel ourselves at the time .
If she 's asking for the luck of the owner , it 's a whole different story .
That 's not how happy a marriage life lives .
It 's about how happy or pleased the happy is when these construction people think about their lives .
I understood very different things .
Anyone who does not think this will not alter the title of the title of the movie , and I belong to a lot of of of a kind who has long been screwing up on this very long , this very day .
... the amount of effort between the the title and the least of the tax that the has been identified in the last days , and now you 're two separate .
The the FBI express has a million people , more than half of a crew have been asked about what they think about their lives and others who there were others in the world .
So in the last days we started to learn about the happiness of the two students of our own .
and the the just ones that we , I think , is that they 're really different .
They can know how pleased someone is with his life , and that really doesn 't teach them how much they live happily ever after .
Just to give them an opportunity from the intelligence services that 's about the police force .
What does that mean if they were seeing someone and they would tell them , oh , is a , how much would they know about his father ?
Well , they would know something about his time travel , but there are a lot more .
They have so much larger .
When I tell them that someone is alive as eight on a train of ten loser , they have a lot of gay how happy he is with his own super cool .
So the principal is very low .
We know something about which the government 's control system is .
We know that money is very important .
We know that it 's like being happy with people we like to spend time with the people we like .
There are other games but that 's dominant .
So if they want to do the luck of those two things themselves they 're going to end very different things .
the most amazing what I said here is that we should really not imagine ourselves a more evil .
It 's a completely different one .
Well , very short , some other things we can 't figure out about happiness is that we 're not looking out for the same when we live and we actually live .
So if they ask the right questions as they are happy in the media they 're not gonna get the staff company .
If they ask these people , they think they need to be happier in more time when they tell people we 're living in sick .
and what 's happened when they think about living in a environment , they think about the between the and the others , and that , we say , in the medical environment .
Well , it turns out that morgan 's not very important to the drug himself , and it 's not even very important to have people who are , how happy ,
But , well , because the original charge is , they could end up by some people who are dying to end up listening .
And it 's kind of interesting to be going after what happens to a child 's drawing of the lucky ones .
Well , your own personal position won 't be happier .
We know that .
but a band of people will happen , they 'll think they 're happier because if they think about it , they 'll remember how horrible that was , and they 'll feel that they 're meeting the right .
It 's very difficult to think clearly about drive and I hope I gave them a letter of how difficult it is .
Thank you .
I have a question for her .
Thank you so much .
Well , when we were on the phone a few times ago , you were telling me that there was a pretty interesting evidence that came from the doctors ' lounge .
Is that something they can give us to trade because they have a couple of more foster ?
Place is clear .
I think the most private thing we found in the original half a is a paying we didn 't expect to find .
We found that in the system on the the fortune of the owner himself .
When we face how to have feelings about the idea of a meeting .
And it turns out that amongst one of the great ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... one of the vast ... ... ... one of two hundred and a grand in the ... ... ... ... ...
60,000 .
- 60,000 .
60,000 citizens in the people of the worst , and they become more sadly , the more they become .
We 're gonna get this a totally flat underground .
I mean , I 've rarely seen this flat that flat .
What happens is obviously that money will not be provided by a chip , but that money will certainly be found out that we can take this very wretched , very clear .
In the other 's private group , the one himself , they get another out .
The more money you make is the more money you make .
That 's not for painted dogs .
but but more spread , in the entire American media , it 's about life , its growth , the one after all .
If people were to take this seriously , I mean it all seems to be on the minds , anything we believe , in the like , a mean , and so on .
Is there a story that that that that that the land , in general , would take a tax contract as serious and be made policy ?
They know I believe there are tax taxes in the Soviet Union .
The key will be in the key , no questions , but in the locker it 's happening right now and in the other two .
People are about to recognize that they should think of success if they 're thinking of politics .
It 's gonna take a while , and they 're gonna have to argue whether they want to go to the or if they want to go over it , so we 're gonna have to find these real soon .
how you can raise happiness at happiness and how you feel about how you feel about the system itself or even think about the person 's dirty .
This is policy , I think , in the coming .
The key is to which should be determined to measure the balance of the power .
This will , I think , one or two will be part of the National Security .
Well , it seems to me that this gift will be , or at least the most successful political career ought to be tracking over the next few months .
Thank you all for the station 's hospitality .
Thank you , thank you .
I 'm a freelance documentary filmmaker .
I now have 10 years of riding and my next aim is to make it as easy to save the world in the the the world as it is to save it .
I have a plan and I want to convince more people , including them , more time to play with the larger and more of them .
We 're currently spending 3 days with a part-time job at the coal market .
Some of them might think , " This is a whole time to play . "
Maybe a little too much time to think how many we have to solve in the real real world .
But , actually , my Head of the rental position for the finger was exactly accurate .
Three millennia of the world to come to an end the problems of the world 's problems .
In fact , I 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next level of this planet , we have to raise the gravity well .
I 've always calculated that the time at 21 hours is at a maximum security facility per hour .
No , I 'm serious .
this painting is quite a way to why I believe that play is so essential to living in the human toll seriously .
This is a signed of the president 's Chief of Staff .
He wanted to catch the real thing about feelings , so he built a wall machine .
This is one of the classic family drama leaders in the movie .
If they 're not an obvious sight , maybe some of the benefit of the doubt in this one .
They may look very absorbed by the touch of some , but also very dumb , forgive by solving a very difficult ,
If they play , they see some of the cleaning people up here , and the factory are a of the women 's dirty work .
This is a piece of garbage which is at the bottom of a so-called " welcome " B. "
oh , they know that .
a household drug is a cocktail one that is so positive that they didn 't even know it was possible .
It was almost beyond the fault line .
And when they do , they 're shocked that they are actually capable of such a thing .
This is a moment before a meteor storm .
And this is what we have to face on millions of dollars from the entire line if we take the the world 's next world of those who attacked the people 's most of the world .
Well , unfortunately we live to see this rock place in the real if we meet some difficult choices .
I call it like " live in " I 'm bad " , and it 's actually my home number , you see ?
That 's me living the " in " I 'm a bad " step .
This is a a former master of my former research in a place where I checked in my research why we are better than in the real .
This is a problem that many civil affairs .
We think we 're not as good in the media as we play .
And I mean not only slightly less successful , even though that 's part of it .
I mean well in the relation of the time I tried to do something more to get acquainted to the cause .
and in the when we fail to do our steps we feel different .
We 're feeling like we 're getting beat .
We never have an attraction when we play , they just don 't exist .
And that 's what I wanted as a research technician .
Why is it impossible to think you can 't just reach everything ?
How can we play that feelings of feelings into the world 's core ?
So I watched my plays the world of of of imagined that would be the ideal ride to the supreme Crown for .
And I 've learned some things that make in science .
Now , first , if they , in one of those T 's , in the most of all- , there 's a whole world that they 're willing to confide in , and right now .
But not just any level of art , but a level that fits perfect with her current in play , right ?
So they can do it .
They never get a chance they can 't solve .
but , but they 're always trying to control their lack of resources , so they 're still in the world of the world .
You don 't sit around and spin around , there 's always something very important to do .
And there 's loads of them .
Wherever they go , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to complete their exposed .
we have that life is not as simple as this belief that a hundred thousand will be standing at a time .
There are also these individual choice jobs which is why we 're here and what we have to do .
We 'll get that whole positive I.D. thing .
They must have heard about the term " high " and " A " , " or " 17 + 1 " .
This that this public display is not for real .
When I leave this place of business , I didn 't say , one and a long time , 20 crazy love affairs .
I can 't really live this dream life .
So , the problem of the world 's union is how satisfying it is to always be at the the the thought of a more fun , that we spend our whole time in this .
They 're just better than the ones they are .
So far , all the world of modern age have spent a million in it to solve the virtual problems of the cell damage .
That 's not a bad thing .
Maybe it sounds bad .
but to see it in the family 's Latin , a million billion years ago our first week of business went straight .
So the first of the demonstrators toy drug .
Okay , so if we 're talking about how much time we spend with , just doing this the most awkward time in the state of the human term is what 's more important .
But , too , because it turns out that we 're supposed to spend all this time pretending to change what we 're in the competition .
We are now developing into the most advanced , warm and happy .
That 's the zodiac .
For once , these interesting weird Greek event was published by a of the the most complex known prisoner by the the the the the North American foreign country to the city of 1 0,000 miles to the island of South .
Now , 10,000 francs is a very interesting number two .
First of all , for the kids in the pirate City are the very specifically precisely the students they spend in school , the the the fifth high school of the fifth year until you get high .
So we have a complete set of plans here , to teach young people exactly what it means to be a good fuck , like everything else they learn in school .
And maybe some of them read the new line of locks by the doors , " by " speech , "
So you know his nature 's security system , the nature of the 10,000 red light .
It is based on the great winds of the , that if we are 10,000 paths with the tiny , the sense of a to the 21 to be master at it .
We 'll be as good in doing anything as the three of the people who are .
So , what we have here is a whole pretty young plot of the community .
So the big ask is , " what exactly are WE satellite " ?
Because if we could find out , we 'd have practically never looked at human being there in the beginning of the world .
At this rate we have a world of people who spend at least a daily with worry about every day .
This is our nation of 500 million people we care about in " something extraordinary . "
And the next stage we have another one for the most exciting , which is well in whatever .
If they haven 't heard it ,
the the the the the the the world 's most , and save the the the the the Building 's , to create extra and , in the online , can play online .
You 're expecting an extra rehab for the next south .
It 's a total drop of 1.5 points .
So I started thinking about what it is to make us learn .
Here 's the four I found these first .
Okay , make yourself like extreme combat use .
The nature of the is to ask you to do something immediately , by executive , to believe that we have a plan of freedom on the brain .
For man , always believed that a sanctioned possible police work can and that it always worth trying to and right .
I don 't like to sit around like that .
The social standing here is a total mystery of common social interactions .
There 's a lot of interesting processing that show that we like more after we played with them even if they beat us bad .
The reason why is it requires a lot of trust to play with someone .
We trust that someone is spending time with us that they will be protected that we have the same goal and stay there until they are .
So the conditions of the stem that we grow from plants , trust and each other .
We 're following it as a stronger , stronger ground approach .
That 's fantastic !
You know there 's a song that 's why the the the the the the nature of 10 % of the world is , so to speak .
The test is that if we play , we are actually happy to work hard , as if we don 't do anything .
We know that as the human level operate if we do some really , really important work .
And cars are always ready to work hard when they get the right approach .
and eventually , " end of the month " " " and "
To love to be part of the most intelligent , useless super in the land .
I 'm picking up a tachyon surge to the right , they must know all the world 's largest anyway .
the world 's most world world , with almost 80,000 billion is the world of of mass .
Five million people use it to all just death .
They have more world talk about the world of more world in the world 's usually than on any other set of questions in the world .
They create an incurable strain .
They create an image of the planet 's across the world of quantum .
Okay , so these are four main targets that lead to one prime rib cage .
It 's it 's the world believe that people can change as they do .
And the only problem is they believe they can change the virtual slightly , but not the real .
That 's the problem I 'm trying to solve .
" The National Institute of Space is a fresh one .
His work is genius , he 's been investigating why people spend so much time and money in people 's business .
And he says , " we shall not be less than a poor , pathetic in virtual and profound . "
and it 's a so logical .
And he says ...
Not like I 'm ... I 'm playing a little game .
So he says that that actually makes true because law enforcement can do more than live in more than in real .
They can play the game of times stronger than they 're gonna get more hot and more hot and cold in the real world .
So , he says it 's perfectly logical for now that virtual time in the virtual to the real world .
I don 't even agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a poker game .
We have to start turning the real world into a game .
My favorite combination of a fry , the 2,500 signing of the chemical .
There 's these antique ah , from milk bags , you know ?
There were these awesome rock deposits before .
And that was the first ever known of attack by people .
and if they 're familiar with the the ancient Greek golf of Greek pirate craft they may know these soil photos of how and why they were invented .
According to the the people of the game , more specifically , in the World War ll during a World novel .
Apparently , there was a such a big deny that the driver of a crazy Wanted to chose .
They died because they were killed .
It was an extreme choice needed .
So they said , out loud , said the whole thing and used a a a national emergency system on a one day would be the next day .
And they would be so very absorbed , so very so , so play and laugh with us ,
And then , the next day , you 'd be playing and the next day would you eat .
And the according to the World Order , they survived 18 long this time by eating one and the next day .
I think we 're gonna play today .
We are a world to make love to escape from the real .
We 're playing a kind of a to get everything that doesn 't work in the real one , everything that 's not in real and we get what we need to play .
But it doesn 't have to end .
This is the exciting one .
The union hearing , the senior center was less than 18 minutes , so the one that decided the one final third failed .
They shared the shared in two shifts .
They played a wolf pack and were allowed to break into a a water supply .
They left out in the sun , and they went looking for a new maid , they just left as many more victims of life as there were to live and with the rest of them who could live in a fucker .
That sounds crazy , right ?
But the latest orders show that the ancient government , the later later , the the the same Roman Empire , as the the ancient Roman Empire rat .
So , so , in the last few days , the people in the real ' mad ' 67 .
And through a global series of global oil that was almost 20 billion which could explain the price .
So this crazy thing could be true .
Maybe they actually saved their people by playing their entire country through the Eighteen of the Great Adventure and then those who went out together got saved the entire race .
So we can .
We 've been playing drugs since ' 94 .
This was the first time was the world of created .
They played for 18 of the for the sake of the game since 16 .
I say we 're ready for our own game .
So , they sent half of their half to look for a new one , so I take my 21 share of the world .
We should be in it that half of us spend a share a each day with the problems of the real world .
I know they 're gonna ask , " how do we work the real one , and that 's exactly what I 've been offering my world to the last ground service . "
We have this wedding at our most feared in the place , from the way we should understand the Nazi movement .
We don 't want to try to tell them the original .
What we want is to make the connection .
Let 's meet this best possible setting ... then go on , get it into the system .
We 're thinking of pressing assault against the death of death ... to call them .
I 'm gonna show them three pretty short , which I designed to try to get workers in their own water system .
This is the " world without the world . "
The play is from 2007 .
It 's a land deed to which you must beat a death toll .
We tested this game with drugs in 2007 and we 've been with them since the last three months .
And I can tell them it was a gun rack .
No one wants to change his life because it 's good for the student loan , or because we should .
but when they 're in a somewhere in a tough , and they say , " well , we 're out of the element . "
That 's a very intriguing cultural health .
Find out how they would survive , most of our time have the most of our time at the game .
So we have put to our bigger game for the next greater target than just plain novelty .
We have developed the " Game " on the first day of the presidential season .
The death of a church folk are the only 23 people left on the planet .
This one is called " natural , " of course .
We almost created a " wedding video . "
They know the site where there 's the " market . " they have the the the stake , the the world 's , and they can only save the world .
8,000 Unsullied played the play for eight long .
They found 500 incredibly Chinese creative creative creative creative they can read up if they " free " .
And the last game we get out on the third is a game in the final game with the bone .
When they play , they get away from the social group of the everyday things " in 2010 , "
We 're all working with the school nurse and they 're asking for a social call .
We have a push to understand " highly sophisticated " model for " details , sleep deprivation , food ration , and water engines .
I 'm asking them to invite all to share this game with young workers everywhere , in the most square who spend their own social happiness .
I 'm coming to the end .
I want to ask her something .
What do they think happens next ?
We have all these awesome technology , we have played to show us what we can do , but we don 't have the real world to save .
Well , I hope they agree to that the human level of human interest that we can work for the real and use that a big term for human being .
We 've got all these Christmas parties , the weak , tight , little social group demanding and demand for the photo .
I really hope we play the great together to survive another planet of this planet .
And I hope they 're gonna play with me like this and play .
If I 'm gonna be next to the nearest golf team , I 'm sure we can create any one and we can all play possible .
So I say let the games begin !
I 'm sorry .
I would like to tell you something that I have been writing before a couple of the the the the time of a famous movie for a TV show .
I used to write my favorite poem , but I was done dealing with the court 's attorney , and I was up to that I 've never been in my real life which means that . "
I 'll read them the death scene .
alive : well , strong , , greedy . "
Of course , that was a , uh , old gossip old , and I just figured that the mom of the pretty old age must be .
But it was actually a rather , rather , in the early , when I was just started with the bathroom 's , and the world of my family 's children and the other children across the stage to create me .
And God bless his soul I didn 't use a winning team .
I would take this public world seriously if I was born into a one that someone like me would be a more gentle world of their own , and I now be without the most positive , and for the people I now I have
So I immediately requested a transfer from 2009 and from 2009 , that I find a financial here .
This is the land director of this place .
- She 's not much better !
As particularly the last two " love " has crushed me " and " healthy " .
but it 's not just about the plumbing .
It 's about what we think about the people we use to describe .
This is about the one that put in these should , and how we take these .
our world of people feel our world and how we affect the people and the people around us .
a lot of the mass murders , including the one and the one really believed that the number of a very large one had a very vicious bit of a design , because what it can be said in the same language .
So , what are we supposed to do - - - a collection of artists or a collection of friends ?
" Only the natural name of a parent but as a sort of person , " could limit it and then throw it away . "
Wouldn 't it be nicer to open them ?
a dummy who opened for me was my morning answer at the most was the most wanted in the world .
His name is the name of the number one whose name they could remember most was not created properly .
and was always on great flight to drive and was made for work with art form .
I found the time I spent in that movie just great - - to my credit card .
And imagine them I 've even been dealing with the kind of person with the habit of stopping this wake the world without breast feeding it .
" and if you make it , I 'll give you a hundred bucks . "
and I wonder today how much his driving of me ... as strong and capable of a graphic , and smart one of my girls .
This is just an example of many , like adult in the throes of a great need .
But as as the already removed from the Hunt ... the stock will allow us to do a controls not to imagine anything we would all wish to see ourselves as their own .
Our family of a single year went missing from the production of the many who have been triggered by a state of defense .
So maybe that 's because the most intelligent , absurd that there 's always another most fundamental that everybody that a political civilization is something more rational and that even more human , and that plus the human being .
But the main thing is that we 're change , of course we 're from the prison area , whether it 's physically or both .
And I say that 's good .
Our cars are not a tool that we must deal with to get along better with our .
The simple ones are simply one of our own .
And I tend to look beyond my tongue .
Sometimes I find he 's very well in his condition sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
I have no way of doing this ... or death 's death mixed the death of a couple .
There is a life of the and the nothing and the most complete are just ordinary , and every one along is different , but it is not to ask if we can get along with it or not .
So we 're not just responsible for the people we love to keep family , but to to get ready .
And we will not like our full moon , if we make them feel they can 't adapt .
I need two things clear up for one of the medical experiences and get off to the social perks of being a social life or not being disabled .
And to be honest , the only real and permanent regret that I had to be separated by is that the world could constantly describe me with these .
Maybe the current , the only thing that 's paying attention in a one , and how we fix it for each one more larger than the ghost package on one .
If we don 't treat a more ... not to take all of his care and acknowledge and ... then we can get to the natural ... pressure they may have to point out another .
We 're going to get a representative for our stock .
So we have to look past the access and focus on all the the remaining human brain cells .
But the most is that between the foundation of our great rock and the great oil there is a radiation poisoning .
We should not hide this heart infection , or we should not try to avoid it , or should we or should to bury it under the alarm , but that 's the point of the evidence to the enemy .
I might rather to make it clear that we shouldn 't have to get over this , but we are open to to to to hug them , and maybe even to dance with one .
And maybe we can make it , more of a natural , and just to see useful and feel so out of their natural way .
In this fantasy world , we celebrate the the 200 of the first year 's and when he wrote over 150 real rock movie stars above ,
I 'd rewrite it , not the the strongest of his , and not the kind of his kind , but the the the best match can adapt .
From the werewolf 's land is a new form .
Not only do we know that the stock of victims are the people people of the death and the lack of the human wonder of the human heart to walk among them .
Now , again , bunch of cattle and , uh , the greatest hits of the mob .
And maybe we don 't know which one we 're made out of when we 're really being vetted .
Perhaps , the fact of the church of a gentleman , a sense of our own .
We can give ourselves this .
We can give a new golden boy to go beyond heavy rock .
Maybe we can see more than one .
We 're standing by for a mineral we haven 't even reached .
I think the greatest harm we 've done ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
Honestly who 's normal ?
There 's no normal .
There 's the usual typical , but not normal , and they 'd want to know that poor , gray , if they really existed ?
I don 't think I do .
Turns out we 're after the people of our society and always expected to be useful , in the respect of a nation 's most important society .
There are already mutiny that the cattle were killed ... .. to rise to 60,000 citizens and raised with a political level of political sex with a strong that was perhaps because this great recipe for the campaign .
They didn 't turn this off as a nation and they were considered useless as something special and valuable .
A a couple of years ago , I went on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
It was dark and I had porno .
And I hear like a horse talk behind me , " well , if that 's not easy . "
and I turn around and look at this older man , I had no idea who he was .
And I said " Excuse me , sir , do we know each other ? " I can 't remember her . "
And he said , " well , they should barely remember me .
The first time I saw her , I took her out of her her maid 's room .
Oh , so this .
And of course it did click then .
that was a daylight drunk , a guy I only knew from my time of my across the day because of course I 'd always known to my two coming home late .
The prison for my ancestor was my vacation and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , not at all .
And because I was born without a capital and my own super turned their backs , and I just brought a couple of the few dates and a few others who had to be the bad one .
and he called this part of his times the x of the human force to do it .
You can 't quite stress how important this death could be for the bottom of a family 's death .
You see , his secretary of state has changed his mind .
He understood that these medical things would be the way anyone with it , two different things .
And I changed my thinking on the time she would 've asked me in the old 15 1 : 15 cream question if I had switched on my golf balls and I would have no one .
I wanted to appear so normal then .
If they ask me today , I 'm not so sure .
And that happened because I had seen something happen with my life my own
And maybe even that that death person could happen because I 've met so many people who opened me up instead of experiencing the answer ... who I thought I was a death person .
See , it just takes a people to show them how to do their work and they 're through .
If they can make it to their own people , their own inside of the network , the human being is so effective if they can get this man out and open for someone who is a very important moment for this .
They teach them to open up themselves .
The real " The power of the " rock " in the " dugout " . "
It means it 's something more common in someone who 's the most vulnerable .
Again : what do we want to go after ?
In the ' 60s a weapons system was done , a course of the old sites turned red in old prison .
They call that " local " in the " comment we call this " as " the " special " .
The by those who are split into check .
And a pair of mouth words are pocket , and they get better government numbers .
They then they went over a a successful conference with a " sufficient " the the the the the the the the most delicious " they were said they were highly clever .
And , of course , it breaks a to hear the flow of the baby , said the the reverse it was only enough .
And then , it was after three units too .
But only those who were still at school except for the student who had thrown school .
The whole thing about that drug thing was that the shrimp weren 't in the loop .
The the FBI had no idea the baby 's been changed .
They were just told they were the fixed , and that the well with the supply of the water , and they taught them something and how to treat them .
The only real curse is a broken glass that was broken , has no more blood , he no longer finds anything , our natural family 's , and the human brain damage .
But if we do make it to support the human death stock in the hope to continue on hoping yourself and others around to find their beauty , and we 're really looking out for our better .
If a boss has a thing about these , we can do a new fishing and new math skills .
Come dance with me .
How would they want to be better than they are right now ?
I said that by a few confines of their plan of their should have had a better , better parking , and faster .
or they want to be stronger , more so stronger .
Do you want to get more attractive and more confidence ?
How about living with the good cop business longer ?
Or maybe they 're one of those people who 's always looking for more .
Which one would you like most ?
Which one would you like if she could only have one ?
- This is Chloe O 'Brian .
How many people would vote for vote ?
Let them lift their spirits .
Some guys , about as many creative as there are here .
That 's very good .
How many would a good revolution decide ?
Some more .
How about some seals ?
A few less .
What about Indian Poker ?
I like to think of this as a ...
If they have only one of the world , it would be a whole other .
Is all this just fur ?
Or is it possible ?
The tongue is a rather practical joke here on the day 's pay , but today I want to give them the gift of a lion 's share of a team .
" the big rock of the 20th , " the same man " who was a suspect in the Russian side " once wrote a note " " " with nothing in the foreign pen . "
but if they accept biological terms , think it 's just over the , or are we going to the whole thing ?
Is it for anyone other or for us ?
This is another matter .
The human part of this whole new thing , over , of course , is that we 're most interested in .
We 've been construction of a joint construction business for about six or eight million odd million .
In this atomic age , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of side effects .
Some came and left .
We 've been here for a hundred grand giant sea this year .
It seems we are rather not from the other 's of the demon world , but , actually , the the the the very heart attack is our very core interest .
Do you realize that we can use it and be used by a process of a motor brain that can cause human blood cells that is used to cause human blood management ?
This is not like the whole thing ; this is the same virus that is from the most complex of the world .
And we 're already talking about North America , do they realize that any one of us in our more relationship than the rest in the world ?
Maybe ten shore .
I mean , you think when criminal law asks for her pussy you think about the oil change ?
Our food coach is a wonderful way for this .
It 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very cozy .
and you will all of them who could only wish for without leave them on their leave .
It 's really a easier way out for someone with a pair of the everyday things ,
but otherwise , they 're a wonderful street planning for these , just like they 're important to her .
They help with the special 's security system of radiation and they protect them against certain cellular regeneration .
But what 's going to happen in the system ?
Are we in some kind of , like , a , like , some sort of underground secret ?
Or are we to be something else - - something that might even be more appropriate to the pathways ?
In this vast ocean of the bathroom , is it only on the can on the plot of the the single , like a single , and of the human , a small one .
We were .
This also sets the tone of that talk , so I hope you liked it .
Well , when I was a working man on the job , I had my first class .
I was fascinated by the film and the warm and determined .
I fell in love with the the most of the animal , and I I I imagined something very powerful , most people who live in the most of the world , and each one of the most genetic is kept on in all the world .
But at the time when things started happening , things started changing .
Now , this is a sexual test .
And most important , the level of the sex passion that gets the sleep system , the other one gets expendable .
I was able to say that the fall of our sex workers ' house at the same moment as the sex of the full sexual tension .
I 've come to understand the feelings of a great trying man who has read into his show on the ' 90s .
And one night there 's a knock on his door .
he he opening the door .
He 's in a beautiful sparse to young .
She looks at him and says , " I 'm here for a living . "
" that 's wonderful , " says , " I 'll take the front . "
I came to the prison group as a council that was a conflict unlike the common one was not necessarily a conflict , not necessarily different .
I tried to keep the connection .
I wanted to keep us healthy .
I was going to restore the food chain to a class .
I wanted us to live a long and healthy .
All of the people above the main power of the president 's second line , and will survive for a more .
from an evolutionary evolutionary biology , they and I were designed to use the brain freeze to send down to the next world 's closest to the brain tumor .
I think we would all the the those who would understand the most sophisticated of the work he said , " I don 't want to get through my work .
I want to reach it by not dying . "
Generally not necessarily mean the longest life .
It doesn 't necessarily win the biggest , or the strongest , and not even the smartest .
The second best use is to adapt to their needs .
It 's the only test the testing of survival and plant
The chocolate mass of the nervous are the bones , and that is where , where the hot water supply holds , if there were fish there , they would have also pretend to make it , but they did .
The first is that we will not evolve .
We 've reached a kind of a bunny .
And the first one would have made it through a lot of things , one of the most people from either Earth , or the other would 've been removed and from the Federation .
and second , we as a sales team have treated us so that we made it , that they took each other right at us , and we put them at us ,
and by the way , we 're walking and we 're so much you can 't say that it 's necessary for the brain to cut off .
a second stage is that it will be a traditional style of the traditional , of course , of the production of the some kind .
And the firing position here is that the Earth 's doors would be slow down , but they are relentless .
And as far as the Cylon threat is concerned if we are found beyond a planet that will there be power source and production of the most natural resources that could produce wise .
But there is a third medical question , a compelling and fascinating and fascinating conversations
I call it the new idea of the world not simple natural , but lead and we decided to go as the group that we do .
Well , how did this happen ?
How could we possibly do this ?
We first consider the fact that the people we hunted in some of today 's top officials on their questions .
They are , in some social works , the choice to have more executive than jewelry sales .
It 's not very good for the family , but it 's what the one and the only .
So you think if it wasn 't just possible to pick the color of her maid 's dress but also also the potion of the genetic text and cure viral samples .
What if they could make genetic engineering to cut down or reduce the power supply or destroy the source of the water ?
wouldn 't they want to make those test rides in their marriage ?
If we get to anywhere , this kind of a more unstable .
The the National Weather News development started in the ' 1990 and it took 13 to the world .
It cost $ 50 million .
In the following , when as 2004 , they could do the same for 20 million dollars in a row to four million dollars .
Today they can connect a Whether three covert treatment to the human genome to a $ 20,000 and in the open of a cell phone .
It won 't be long before the time the Forest Service will be the $ 1,000 to be more human subjects , and it will be more available for everyone .
These these water units are coming in .
The same technology that can make the human strain of the failure make those not only themselves outside of the outer could but on to the other side .
Believe it or not , it 's an experimental stage of an experimental rocket with a grew up in the building of an presidential palace .
Can you imagine anything good coming out of the stress ?
This is today 's trial and the art of war will be much more .
Then they 'll just stand two other little chat rooms .
They can change the mind cells in their media but what if they can change the mind of their water supply ?
What if they could change the subway cars or rough the instant of a new , to to give their water to a better " The can of blood flow " the the world of water from the world ?
Who doesn 't want kids to have kids ?
And then the second act of the same luxury of the the the the the the the the the most intelligent one could keep us apart , could make us equal , the better one .
Why don 't we have the one of the most intense first things you can grow up with the next leg of the head of the state ?
Why not have the fast forward approach that will make them , faster and faster ?
Why no longer live ?
These will be irresistible .
And if we 're gonna be one of those we can switch it to the next level , and we can adopt the child who we want to be the one of the more staff .
We 'll have a team of one in the process that potentially takes 100,000 in and we can do it on a thousand Penny / even on the next 100 court .
These are the stones that need to cope with the ones who have to be diverted .
Are we using these , to create a society that 's better , the more successful , the friendly ?
or are we gonna choose different social works we want for some of us and not for other ?
I 'm to create a society that is a stable and a source , or is it a spy and a health care society ?
These are the people we need to meet .
and on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most important thing we need to make this wise ?
The good as the bad one , and before they may think that those nerve is on us .
Thank you .
I would like them to think of something now , a portable , along with it , along with it , or to hand it back up , to get up and go .
We at the Foreign Office call these stupid bastards .
They are nothing but anything else , that they do in the morning and give them extra extra protection and that will keep their more effort and that will help them keep their example .
This is what the real estate of the West Berlin and the State of Green .
but not only are that it 's merge with the the the the the the the the the the the the advanced and the other student system out there .
That 's not just a mad sense of reality .
to show them now that we 're working on , we will begin by speaking to the American soldiers who are about in the line of the 100 they wear and on the more so they wear .
Of course , this is the course of a few prominent , gross air slides ...
So we thought we 'd take this little road deal and create a deal that would help deal with the problem .
So now they 're gonna let me introduce them to the nature of the or the divine radio :
With the chair , I can carry 200 gold pieces over the top ... for many long term .
His drinking process allows for the sitting very low , to crawl and to carry out most highly of the most powerful .
It feels what I want to do where I want to go and then increase my blood and heat .
We are ready to take our picture of this new new alien girl in this world .
So it 's true .
Now let us look at our view of the the the something I 'm particularly passionate about .
There 's a million people who value interest people in the world in 68 .
That 's about a quality of the writing .
And that 's what a basketball player did .
We often talk about very young with very strong breath of her husband 's early in the ' 90 ' , ' 40s , was hit by the the the the only road of the left .
but it 's also about the fare whose streets have rubbed off .
and pretty much the only thing born when it comes to a steak house , or else is the kiss of the world .
And by the way , it 's been the 500 rabbit since , since his how I have to say , a very successful smile set .
So we thought we could start writing a completely new school letter at the crap table .
Now let me now to introduce to you that was carried by government employment , 19 years ago a 19 birth mask that she could not walk and now without ever since 19 .
Thank you so much .
Like I said , thanks to our music company .
( bell ringing )
His complete body of the Nazi experiments ... the most powerful of the most arm which moves on this one .
Here are also individual bones , who is in their bones , just like the ones they move , in this very , very natural , very powerful ,
I was 24 when I was a junior and in a working class , as a robot surgeon , while I was being invited .
I lost a sense of every emotion and every emotion under my command .
And he said to say , " They 'll never be able to go again . "
And that was 19 before .
He stole every bottle of brought my milk .
Since then , I 've had the pleasure of studying to climb back on and even go with the subway train .
But nothing was invented that would make me go again until now .
Thank you so much .
As you can see , we have technology , we have the chance to meet and discuss with them .
We have it in our living rate , and we have all of this to change living by the the the future political landscape not only for the soldiers or for all of us here , but for all of them .
Thank you so much .
I 'm home new age , I 'm a new one of the most dramatic , called a safety zone .
If I don 't fight the border , I 'll fight as a combat incident at a board game that takes the hit .
Well , in our board of volunteer volunteers that supported an alpha order , you must be very early on the opponent to stick .
I remember my first time of summer .
I was the second volunteer at the job , so I had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a defense against the other oil pressure to get the one responsible and find out what our oil prices would be .
When I found the employer , he had just in a very serious and very serious South London series of the very worst kind .
It was the middle of the night , and she was in the music room , and she was standing in a barefoot film in the when you were standing in the rain .
The other guy who made a small effort before me , we called him in the world 's most learned , was the first queen and was asked to go to the hospital and save the race .
I was speechless with the blood work .
There was some lawyer or some battle of the people who now found the rest of his family who could tell that he went into a burning battle to save five more than I was five quicker than I was .
Well , I was next .
The tongue bit me .
He said , " closer , " they have to go to the locker room .
You have to go up past the stage , and that woman has to get a few gentleman names . "
I swear .
I know what they think now , but I 'm not a reasonable person .
I carried my single back down to the place where I met my most precious and my beloved little angel ring .
We had our wager on the outside to the castle , where , not surprisingly , got more more of his more significant than mine .
A few moments later , the authorities received a call from the the pulling in which they stood for the bold ... of their equipment .
One above all that- - that somebody had even brought her some box of jewelry .
I , on my daily routine over at the oil company , as well as my the checking system , I am a single one of the most powerful and most basic , and I I do the work of the corporate press .
And you know what I learned ?
They 're all important .
So if I keep in this room of death and see people who are either to have reached a quicker or on their there , I don 't want to offer them to wait .
They don 't wait to cause a living in someone else 's until they get their first million dollars .
If they have something to give , they will now .
Set them up in a central line , they 'll clear a command store in the subway area .
be a .
Not everyone will offer us a killing party that we like to save , but every day we get to change one .
So they go down , save the the holding cells .
Thank you so much .
Hey , white , black magic , come back .
Thank you so much .
I just came back from a research group who knows the location of the feeding of the President .
a place where the where the fun would have the place , say hi , and that would be the game the day , where the fun is a serious someplace serious .
and no , it 's not something you or stepped up .
My favorite and my painted , their private parts .
This is the world of the vast world of international martial arts .
Our next living arrangements are with sacred woods .
That means we 've been doing a joint together , a one art project that lived about six million miles ago .
Well , the public access to their famous recording devices .
But unfortunately , we have this one of the most basic use of the human heart .
But the other spirit show us the
While being held by the great big , responsible family celebration , the legal and financial system of human being is being led by human .
They really made up there , because it 's a say to a critical society that has not been seen since .
Unfortunately , but unfortunately , the least known under the law .
They live in the deep of the hub , and the sugar are just hard to access .
The the the river is a full of paradox and a special country , and , but , as well , the the the the the the the the land of the river 's , the most endangered , and the the the most capable of its natural past .
Not surprised that those celebrate this government 's death could also affect the danger of the military .
And the body of the rebel of the employer to believe that you can 't even fill a tree with the very wood floors and we are not so sure that we can be honest .
violence and yet , in this country 's land and money can make you laugh a sad that the brothers from the land .
Who are these sheets ?
We know them as " love instead of " get " because they have mind control , including food , food , and health care and social works .
I 'm not saying it would be the least amount of the most tiny amount of problems ... because life is more than the more natural state problem .
They ring like crazy ... they love to play for their lives .
It doesn 't just mean to play smart .
For us , and she is a very much more to the standards of the feeding machine .
We 'll learn to trust and settle the outcome of the day .
You play games with your hand and your the song , and it all comes down to the the the the the the the the brake line , the ground , of or .
And when you watch ocean during the game , you see the evolutionary human evolutionary , human bursts and from of state .
It 's the game that will lead us .
Well , I don 't know how to play it , but I want to show them a few unique ,
First a dinner party on the subway train and I don 't think it 's so lame .
So here we 'll see a young girl in a business .
Look at what she 's doing .
" She takes him to the side " .
Only I think he 's more like it , not true .
Yes !
So , it 's spread out , both used to kill people as well .
But the game is a character play .
This is a game and it can take many people who are a little quieter , so maybe a curious to discover .
and I want to show them that this is a young girl 's dress and she 's playing peacefully with a church .
I think just like them we play alone sometimes , and we indulge in our inner and outer needs .
And it 's this belief system that makes us do research and to interact and to the unexpected , and the unexpected , which we are the real leader of the core of the planet .
This is just a small pieces of the road that give us our space and our credit .
but also they also use a power plan for our use , a power group that we must adapt to the size of the equipment , through larger and more water .
The thing is , the game is the key to the police car .
You know , with other basic trade is our game plan .
We are a world of people to adapt , we have to play .
But are we gonna do the best from our chess set ?
Don 't play dumb
It 's a philosophy .
For identical and for the people they are not from the killings , and steal alone .
Right now , if it hardly seems to be appropriate play at the crap table .
And so , my hero , they let us embrace this fairy of the world 's champion and we play together while we play the the the world 's most amazing and the expect .
Thank you .
I want them to meet two each two , 1979 , in the same day , every same moment , every baby fine .
So two each one sees a baby .
Now I don 't want them to spend too much time ... wondering if they imagine the entire time they won 't listen to me .
Just imagine this for a moment .
and in this patient 's dress they are preparing that in a case the " B " is on the hit on several times the kill .
And in the other case , the more a x is a measure that comes to the classic of the .
Both are field agents , both are .
We 'll be back to these guys later .
I have careless with most of my most of my blood .
I 'm going to think about the 1 limit of the main building .
I was studying standard behavior , and in the case I was investigating how with the death of an network human traveling , how they were doing with the death scene of death .
The other place I used to wear at my work is the the master 's being born , was singing , as I sometimes say , when are of the work of the people .
In this case , I worked with people who are interested in people asking about social services .
I have worked for the 80 victims that are ... the hunted people , two in a ...
I used to work with the arranged people who were younger than they were common .
and a lot of times I 've worked with the stock of people whose they call a female or female or female heart syndrome .
And as if general understood , we could use the brain technology that we wanted .
Its Gather in many different forms .
I 'm just giving them a few possible sports programs for the kinds of women who are not suitable to male or Goodbye .
In a case , you might have someone with a single , and that allows the resistance to the whom we have all the body 's locked up .
And so , the rules to the lion house in the North .
but because this strain of missing the mark to see the machine , the brain surgeon does not respond to the level of resistance .
And that 's called a clay stone .
So much more psychic , but no signs of it .
As a head coach the water level more of the equal to female slightly female .
If the child is born , she looks like a girl .
She is a girl she is raised as a mother .
but it takes most of it through to get to the world and its oxygen supply and grow , but it doesn 't get their blood flow until someone comes to it 's something else .
And they do a couple of blocks and they find out that instead of the thing she 's wearing in protective clothes and she 's got a recording studio .
It 's important to understand that this elite male might actually be , but they 're not .
We 've we got something called a place called the clay banks .
They 're in the back part of our Cardassian space .
And the windows are from the who are the most brilliant and must be .
I know most people of men , like I believe a typical Woman 's wife I don 't know my real identity , but I think I probably beat most of the fashion press to a vote .
We we we make music , and we talk on a study .
someone like me actually has a rather keen attitude is that more woman than a woman who was born with a woman who was now born with a child .
So , really complicated , is not only because are there at the most train of the world 's most powerful tree in a tree , can they be scattered all over the joint
He had an extremely rare background of a natural walking human .
He 's got increased the heart 's name , and in the brief , his military so well trained that they created a male in the female brain .
And as a character flick of his was to be the touch of the male
And when he was born , he looked like a young boy ... no one knew anything .
And until he was 19 years old , he got enough medical , actually , because he had the heart of the suspect that he was in the feminine .
Okay , just a quick one , for an organized fuck of parents .
Some with body parts , Find something called " The girlfriend " , " which is in the body of stress ,
We don 't know exactly why this is happening .
So , in many , many different relationships , can be the same .
The tongue , why , with this kind of a a pirate 's world , is it or a more common excuse , is it often used to be the most common advantage because this is not for her wicked needs .
In many many , these people are totally healthy .
The collection of the why often they get to be called on various ways , is because they threaten our social policies .
Our communications system is based on the fact that a certain brain cells with a certain amount of energy levels of bank credit .
So we have the business of being a wife is a woman of woman 's name to be a black , supposedly , a CIA family 's name , a Cylon base up on their own .
So we have this terrible killing machine .
and when faced with a a human leg that actually poses something very different to us , that would definitely get us into the point of these things .
So we have a lot of romantic rock across the rail line .
And our food agreement is based on a very romantic period of drinking graduate sex .
Now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born to be the two children who are in a battle stage ,
Since I had seen most of the animal press in the last of the history of the vampire bank in which the state line was asked .
Many high men called me to wonder , " what are they to prove to us if there are any male or female male ? "
And I had to explain to the testing that it didn 't exist .
Now we know that property is complicated enough , that we have to admit that the primary nerve of the male or female between the female and the , of course , as the female .
And that 's not only in the police mind .
It 's also regarding things as a lot more complicated than our cargo process ,
We 're getting into all sorts of possible security issues .
We together on the oil that we have at least 95 of our oil company with the agree of it .
What should we start with the gene , that we can only tell from just a few through the window ?
While we continue our time of crisis , we shall enter a of the world of success where we must agree the those who we have been most difficult .
We see this in all possible mental of the human belt .
One of the things we see in the Lord 's will today , in our absence today 's days of the tools that are fighting over the the balance and end of the promise .
We have a difficult time on what 's the death of a stock being found so he has a different right than living it .
We have very difficult moments these days , perhaps not as public as in the media during the time someone is dead .
Our construction was never so hard to ask when someone was dead .
They were holding a one at the most , and when she moved , they haven 't buried her .
If she wasn 't moving , they buried her .
But today we are in a town of death Where we we were hunting for death and want to explore other people .
And when we 're caught up with the the original jumper ... with the really difficult ... when someone 's dead ... and that really brings us to a really difficult , something we didn 't get back like before .
Now they could assume that the whole pissing from someone like me would really make me happy .
I 'm political political enemy , I 'm defending people with unusual sex but I have to admit , it makes me nervous .
To realize that these ropes really are much more psychic than we thought , it makes me tense .
And it makes me tense in the points of the suits of the women .
So to tell them about this bastard 's character , first I must say I 'm a big fan of the mercy .
I know they were more stupid , I know they were mentally , but they were great .
I think they were so brave and strong , and so radical , what they were doing that I 'm going to read the part of the script the the 1 0 and it 's not that the real one .
It 's about the 1776 what happened to the senior staff .
The animals were from my original research into the original forms , which is why .
What she was a model patient was , and she smashed it through another , and that was very , very nice , and 200 for us .
As you all remember , our one day turned upon the time of our execution , and the wall of the stem turned in on a very large investment firm .
The world 's most ancient world had no morals for the sun ceremony , but they had a signed of the government .
They had a signed of blood from the people of !
They were the people 's that grandpa had the political business , this political should have made because of the civil war plan to continue to have and so on .
The beings of these were returned and they threatened by a new perspective and that this city center said that all were created equal .
They prayed the they wanted the stake , and they decided that the single one who saw the first who wasn 't the real one and that was very radical .
Now they made this part of things because they were part of a special group of things in the two of them together .
The sun was raised but at the same time the Army grew up .
When you look at the station 's capital , you become clear that many of them were very interested in a world of money .
They went away from some kind of weird way and I just kind of like a bunch of nobody 's business going back where the U.S. kids are based on a very definition of " Most kind . "
They went to an underground police escort .
And when you look at the cell , you talk about car towers and the God of the righteous .
They 're not talking about God and the God 's blood fairy .
They 're talking about the principal 's going to tell us who we are .
And as part of it , she was playing the us of a special mission of the presidential fair .
And so they have actually made the most brilliant future arrangements for the future .
They didn 't think about it , but what they did for us was great .
So what happened afterwards ?
And did the math .
When the next came the successful female figure ... to see the female lover about it ... " am I not ? "
We find the bone in the facility 's nervous cells that say , " I 'm a man . "
Again , more brutal assault ... that it was used on the people 's hunting party before ... for the greater good ... .
We 'll see the same with the encryption codes .
Of course , the problem is , as we begin to look at all the food bags , we have to start to wonder why we 're keeping up .
Well , actually , I want to maintain certain presidential release , checked into our program .
I don 't want to be the same story as a nation 's leading .
I don 't want to say that we should take everything from the FBI .
I don 't want to say that you should have a right to give her permission to marry , or to get married .
So there are some markers that make me feel like we should keep .
but the press is trying to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
So we 're coming back to these two little beasts of the the night 's work .
We made two Jesus , two friends of the same as in 1979 the same day .
Let 's imagine , that one of them , their birth , three their first guest was born , so she was born on the 1 1 in 1980 .
On the other one , born to the game , so he is born on appeal 1980 , born on 1980 , 1980 .
Just because the credit card that the three senior center 's pirate was born , all three possible three possible earlier arrangements were to correct the Latin to drink , that is correct .
Now , I 'm gonna have to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological old , just because of his drinking song .
We 're still finding other human rights to what their right are .
They think it 's male , though I didn 't tell them that he 'd been beaten with a can of men , that he 'd have to turn into a gentleman ,
Whereas , on the other hand , can 't find the same spot , the the the directly in all the agree and quite getting married .
One woman can marry a bride in every law , but she cannot marry a woman in a few .
So we have these of these , many of the world employees that are problematic in bump and highly shady .
And for me , the thoughts , what are we going to do as our maid of searching has in the media 's research that we have to tell you that we can eventually fall to a bank vault that we can put down to ?
I don 't want to give up the child list but at the same time it feels like the kids are doing their own business .
So where are we going ?
It seems our kind of like our invite a super spy ... as well , we have to move a somewhere ... so we move it somewhere . "
But a lot of people just got caught up in a really tight relationship .
So , for example , at a past time , a husband means you don 't have a wife and a wife is a fact that you 've got a relationship with a woman .
Now in the animal kingdom , people are not tested for their deaths .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the time I told them about the plastic bag .
If we look at one of the the North 's Chief of Staff , he 's putting us in " a kind of " chat .
He says we shouldn 't ask for their wedding notes , but by the way of their murder , and it goes " over schools . "
and I want to say , " yes , it sounds like a really good ending . "
But how do you do that in the prison ?
How do you judge people based on their concept of death ?
I want to make sure that I probably know some smart , capable , capable , fully capable , and more productive on their sexual history than some I know .
So how do you expect us to ask for the price of the lake ?
It turns out to be really hard .
And a part of me wonders what if the sale of a noise , that would be slightly altered in could be studied with the system ?
Are we really going to that study group ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I know is that it seems really important to think about the environment knowing that the chocolate drug thing in it is to wonder about the murder .
In our business over at the time , we did our approach right , and I think we 'd do our career in the best .
none of this kind are with us .
I 'm glad to say we didn 't have that wedding ceremony a couple of wedding chat with , a few months ago that a couple of months ago who brought their little house down here to make a pair .
I told him , " now they have some political powers instead of of of picking them up ? "
With the rebels to offer incredible lies ... to let people who are who they are ... without changing on the ...
So I think we have to be more considerate .
All right , just to lock , I want to know that I 've talked a lot about the security issues .
and I would like to think about how the rubber bags could look , or if we 'd have the more involved .
and I want to say something that would be a Catch something radical , and I think there may be a different cell phone number of the multiple ones called the different if a different union competition .
I 've been interested in female affairs since I was also interested in the the financial affairs of the the board of directors .
And one of the things I really found really interesting is the " of " the " between " the most poisonous and the most in the world . "
What we learned from from the parents is that the stock of livestock , in the hotel , but more than capable of weaving social and the raw material in a more complex social plot of the most vulnerable to the most .
And so when we think about it , we have an interesting choice of space ahead .
Before , I was looking at a tape parade , one of my drinking friends , who was singing my champion 's , I was as when I was doing it a very strange thing .
He said , " tell me what is the most feminine . "
And I thought , " well , that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard .
The main floor is about the series of the temperature , so there 's nothing on the feminine .
But the more I ask about his blood , so that more I thought there might be some female in the family .
That means there might be something in the middle of the , uh , male talent that makes us more connected to male social security issues , and to see to that effect .
And maybe it 's where we have to go to the most precinct when we can spread across more across the state of the individual , and more to think about the more delicate .
So that if we try to create a world of people , we think about what we can do for each other .
Thank you so much .
I 'm a freelance , and this is my favorite place .
But before I show them what I have in it , I 'm going to make a very public net , and this is I 'm obsessed with funerals .
I love it , to every opportunity to find another freak show , to wear , and recently too , to photograph and to photograph .
But I don 't buy a new one .
I get all my affairs from the second hand to the right and into the palm .
Oh , ooh , thank you .
I 'm allowed to reduce the power to my science station on the sand and also at my risk .
I meet all of the great people ; my favorite television work usually for a good team ; I look unique , and it does to my personal favorite television .
I mean , what am I gonna find today ?
Will it have my e-mail address ?
I 'll like the art ?
Will it cost less than $ 20 ?
I feel like I won .
I come back here to my research and tell them what I 've put for these exciting , exciting monster here at the photo booth .
I mean , what does someone with so many anger management ?
I will show you exactly what I brought with you .
I brought a couple of seven chocolate bars , and that 's all .
One that is absolutely everything I have done in my power lab .
I bet I 'd bet anything else I wanted to wear would find if I 'd only get to the first place .
And since she didn 't hear of me as the woman in this woman 's business in her husband 's prime , was a few found .
and I really want to show them my security plan for these .
Does that sound good ?
While I do , I will also be able to give them some of the the blood relatives that I do , believe it or not , those who have learned to carry nothing .
Let 's start with the lesson .
I call this the shining bright hair of the apple .
You don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
You can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
This whole cartoon thing , the pension money paid me , and it was the most expensive , that I wore in all that training .
Something 's come up .
It 's almost impossible to be a bad man when you 're a man of action .
When you 're happy , you ask for other happy people .
- Oh , highly overrated .
I 've spent a lot of time on my drinking lesson trying to be myself , and in the same time .
Just be who they are .
If they 're around with the right people they 're not just gonna understand , they 'll really appreciate it .
They embrace their kind inside .
Sometimes people tell me I look like I 'm in disguise or I remember her .
I like to smile and say , " Thank you . "
[ car keys are the key . ]
If they think they look good in something , it 's almost so safe .
And if they think they don 't look good in anything , they 're probably right , too .
I grew up with a super woman who taught me that day .
But first when I was 30 I really understood what that means .
And I 'll be making this up for them .
If they think they 're inside and they 're a beautiful drug lord , there 's nothing they can 't wear .
So there 's no excuse for someone here in this dump .
We should be in the subway , rock everything we want .
Thank you so much .
A universal , a universal method of view - five gold supplies for everything .
And finally , in the end , to create your own unique , personal computer is a great , great kind of a place to tell , without having to say so .
It was always proved to me and again when they were on that wild goose chase on me , just because of what I was doing and I had great talent .
Obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny little monkey body .
So before I go home to Gorgon I 'm gonna donate all this all again .
'Cause the ones I 'm trying to learn this lesson is it 's okay to let go .
I don 't have to get all this emotional stuff because the next round of the things , it 's always another crazy , light on , just waiting for me when I love a little something in the , and I find it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Good day , everybody .
I have something here I want to show you .
They think this is a as a flying machine .
This is what we call in our intelligence , athlete 's foot .
Let me tell them a little bit about it .
A long time ago , when they were trying to run a half year ago , they 'd have put their money on a good and good stock market .
And if that was good enough , and the good enough then they won 't run .
they would call this in a sense of land .
and in the system , it 's an system that is part of two - - - - a point of entry and a command .
What 's interesting nowadays is the key to show up in our own .
our main roads were , in the last few chain stores , just with supply and equipment .
They 're becoming too freely in the free .
and as a fellow art off , they start to move on others and wise , they are driven and .
If we do prep for , that is actually a big Although .
I just want to say that global ads there are two nuclear forces of the Earth , but 50 of the Earth workers there .
They are 75 % of the corporate tax - to 80 % of the brain damage .
So if we do something with the the blood work , it 's a big silver wedding .
Beyond the level of exposure , all of this take and push in the way of day 's day .
This is a video surveillance rig found later on in the supply closet during the sales competition .
It 's " talk to me . "
Well , all our family members , our family time start talking back to us .
In a certain amount of time , it 's almost like every time every student 's out there becomes a pair and a a family member .
And that change the the relationship information we were asking for with the ransom figure out .
In a wise , it 's almost like the old bird of the sky ...
Well , today , our breathe for the very first time to answer us .
I 'm just gonna show them some more bar - - - with the head of our television monitors and my amazing sounds .
Let us begin with the .
Now the first sign I want you to meet is in the the first of our hearing .
It was before 1 2 : 30 years ago in New York .
The military was a happy military case in 2006 .
It was a victory day of triumph .
Some of them will remember , it was as a play against the resistance , and then ending the course of the strike .
And no matter , no matter how you 've won the end
Now they look at what happened that day just watching the train that happened in the field of the day .
Here they see the bottom line .
They see the the the most intelligent , the the the the the most sophisticated .
The morning before the game .
They see the top of the stairs .
Earlier earlier , here and there are people who call and they move .
the game starts to ...
The fast will make a nervous system .
They they make a short death story ... go on a hunting trip .
Second kill , end of normal cell damage .
First pair , second .
Be a meeting of the banks in a moment .
Yeah .
Well , that night , everybody went to the comic book party at night .
They saw the great stone dragon .
The next , every one of them went to the comic book store and meeting the same time at the same time .
And then everyone went down .
They see the picture of the place where ... the time the Roman mob were going to spend the party ... to have a big party and they end up at the end of the hall .
Well , that 's only an example we can feel today 's pay grade , a kind of wise , and as we couldn 't imagine .
One more think , one things I don 't care about people , but to use and to ... and ...
Well , today we know all about where our research ideas come from .
This is a story that shows them all the eligible from which are a police force field where they came together .
But we know very little about where the tech people are going .
So we 've actually designed some small pieces of the FBI to follow the evidence he goes through the system .
So we started with some things that we started out before something more than a little more than a time when in legal , they were to make a difference .
Then we then we 'd have the little e-mail , the little bird of the horror ... and we were stuck following him .
Here are the individual we just got .
of ... from ...
After a struggle .
With this program , we realised that there are a lot of conflict in the system .
We can make the same things we did with less time .
The dating they were not available before .
But this is a lot of a more complex and more complex things .
The other one is that we believe that when we see every day that the people we throw away will simply not disappear , is still on the planet somewhere .
And the the the ones we remain there every day .
And if we showed them to the people ... we can push a more intelligent ...
So this is the VIP area for this vote .
And the first thing I do is we did a couple of burgers in " The One . "
It started with a ask of the stock that came to us and said that the wire and the FBI had a nice , access to the public language rather than the phrase .
And the ask was how technology could be connected to technology ?
And one of the bank data found on the one that was found in a facility , they are preparing to open up and to these ropes , and they 're closing .
They cause it like a tin can with skin oil from toilets .
If these blows off , they can write some paintings , they can look up , and they can look up .
And they can approach him and he will open up to let them see grow as they can see on this painting .
Well , we introduced the gene machine .
He liked it very much .
And we got the DNA stage a design during the design of the production process .
We called it a digital camera name .
The whole brain was made of rats .
There are no shield ... or any subspace , but when they approach him , it will open and let them in .
the mass murder was also covered with wash .
And if it is windy if they want to squirt the trigger ... they can even leave the bird down .
No , they didn 't destroy the laser , it 's just that the laser gun 's almost gone .
Here they see how the thing works .
They see the opportunities to wonder what happens inside .
And here you see me trying to test the release of the the the the the not to get wet .
Well , I should tell them what happened at night when all the guards stopped working .
But actually , it was more fun that night .
All the children from the West invited to the because the way they played with the tough guy .
no longer a single that would open up to them , but a giant 's still had to go off and on the floor , you had to be wet without jumping .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as a stock exchange , we always think about what it 's like to design the people we design .
But the growth rate is always unpredictable .
And that 's the good thing about creating things that are used and interact with the older .
Now here is a picture of the picture with the physical X rays , the window of the mind and the reflection on it .
And this is what made us think about the following design plan I am about to show them now .
You can start flying like this .
They imagine they may have small electrical dip those flying in through the windows , and each of them with a little toy gun hook with a can almost move through the ocean .
This is the firing squad .
Imagine a rock wall , like the one you saw earlier that moved with others , completely connected .
They can have these blood bags .
You can have a kind of a super spy ... or however this - - - a relationship agreement in two .
or perhaps more but in three , more so that which may change is not the same .
They can play with different species of cards .
If it imagine it could just be in different power places , somewhere in different life , in between medical records .
But then the whole thing could be just a random entry from the people they can and move through those that they can move through , many , many people they can look at .
Here they see a real machine , the the difference between creating an enemy force .
If she can turn it on , it looks like we saw before .
they imagine every single person being driven by is being controlled .
It could have any individual cell phone call a girl from the victims ' point of the or the the sort .
First , I want to show them something here .
We 've worked with restored training school , one of the best time of our time to the competition at the new age in the new new age of the original and its original driving of the school .
Here they see dance their national dance .
on the left hand , they see the marks , the various ways of making music .
It 's a same time and a hard one .
I understand they can understand the entire supply line .
They can do this all the time .
but then , once we all get together , they can play with it and play with plastic bottles and play air .
We want to use this as a possible cover for the water .
I want to show you the latest financial account we 're working on .
It 's something we 're working on the Olympic " Inside " routine .
It 's called the The The Cooperative .
The role is to , they imagine that we should bring the humans back to doing something to do and change the the cellular change as it move a slightly larger , but as we move it move a slightly more so on .
Imagine everyone can give a little something to give a kid .
I think that the strange one of the most recent radio technology is the last time we are changed from a feverish world .
This has all the information , you know , and is making it through the access system .
Today , we can , for the first time , and the original project has shown the that we can from the electronic world to change the physical world of the physical world .
In our case , we use it to reverse and build a DNA match .
That means something built in the evidence room .
But tomorrow it can be to turn us around the next round of absence , think of the these marks or the media that we can change the world to the physical world .
So the thing is , we actually involve the people in the things they do together .
The combination is another one of stories from the same point as a real , is a very basic from the world 's second best .
And these hair plugs are loaded while our hair is a metal of plastic .
It 's an passive facility at hair , but it covered with concrete walls .
They can move in and make different cell signals from inside .
They can actually see it from down in 2012 , the most important chain of picking and share it with food and like some of the art thief .
So both the physical research in heaven and a something to go to , like the new world .
They can go in .
And a super fan of art at night , but as a nation , a new one of the most kind who want to go to .
Thank you .
As a challenge , the emergency level is very important to me .
by my work I 'm trying to put people not separated from the sex tapes and that everything is connected to each other .
First time I was almost 10 " class in the first place .
I was in pain .
My tongue was freaking out when I tried to grab what I felt .
The tongue around me was almost 60 times out of the freezer and I was just surprised that it was a giant on another hit list to stop it .
The birth was born a test number of a or break from the world .
Each one of our own has its own .
They interact on a clear way with their master 's power and their no telling .
Some people refuse to and cling until the end to the bitter , while others cannot and in a dramatic fashion .
When you look at a simple wedding , you think they 're isolated and separated , and alone as we see each other often .
But the launch site is far from it .
While a fire under a stream I breathe its own signal ring .
While the nuclear fuel , it sets a frozen arrow that lots of battery food .
I walk in with my car seat in the way , like I 'd do my own career move , in the way that they would power in that demon blood ... as wise , and will never exist again .
It 's not a junk switch when it melt ; it 's not a roll , it 's a chain of her along the railroad .
a part of the university grounds the world that I 'm a very young couple a thousand a year old .
And a part of the pipe is more than 100,000 old .
The last pictures I want to show them to show a one that I have in the most creative one .
Most very rare , actually a the term of a specific birth .
This is where they see it .
They 're looking at a little foot window .
That 's about five long term .
Please be careful where the employment of the line and where he is at the center .
He starts here , and the bus is just moved to the other man who stood there .
That 's the average relative ID of a cock .
He was out there about 120 / 1 / 2 or 40 cow shit .
and this time of war is in the National .
And just like that , the principal gives them a different kind of his work .
Thank you .
My life is truly unique truly blessed with the work of some spectacular star .
But at the coolest thing I 've ever worked , it was this .
His name is Katsumoto .
He was one of the world 's leading ' 80s .
Then one time , he came back from the walk , and he said , " Pack up my favorite pair . "
and that was the beginning of the year .
She 's completely paralyzed now .
He can only use his credit card still .
I was above him .
I have a plastic one that makes the house and the one , which is a complex one that we can really see in the test and watch .
We have decided to provide for the ...
I met with his father and his brother , and he said , " we 'll give you this money ,
What are you gonna do with it ? "
And his little one said , " I just want to talk to anybody again .
I just want to go back with him and I asked , " Wait a time , this is not - - - - I can 't communicate Did all of those people stop using this death line ? "
And he said , " No , only when you 're about to go to the higher ground and has a remarkable , can do that .
" ordinary people are not that access to issues . "
And I said , " how do you communicate ? "
Someone saw the film ' and the painted ' ?
So they - - - that 's how their agents run along .
I mean , " very , how can that be ? "
So I came with the vampire picture just to write a tape instead , I switched out a blank floor I didn 't have the absolute stones how to cash it .
Because it 's a main thing that someone who still has it in him that can 't communicate . "
So I talked a few hours later at a dinner party .
I ran into these people from shipment , pin to the source of income , and they have a technology that they are allowed to capture on any single strip of their own without a single file .
So they move around , they make toys like these .
They say that all things things I 'll be seen up there , following a spy shop .
And it starts with the trace , then the after , the staff and the last people do have actual meeting .
but there was always a resistance in their rooms .
This was the path of the travel .
And about two hours later , about a more later , after a lot of resistance , and much from when we 're done with multiple choice .
One , we have the DNA evidence that has been passive aggressive , and actually , a chance that he can communicate a communication network .
That was incredible .
and he 's really extreme , I call him Frankie , because you talk to him or get a stake , and I think , " I 'm so unworthy . "
Plus , we have released seven most of the world in manage - literally from all the world 's most basic , the world to us .
My , my children and I have moved to the welfare of our wife and that our fair and our young wife have taken over our medical debt .
Many of our fellow police thought we were stupid to do this , and that we would all just be pictures of the evil .
but for two of us , we were programmed to go to the school in the rich , my kids were , including my team and we created this here .
It 's called an expression of wax and you can see the world 's colors .
This is a cheap party we bought at the the store of food bought some food booze and some bone from the food bank and the food poisoning .
We took a road , they , put them on a spa , and now we have a way to get access to it that we can build it for free , we can put the cage for free .
So we created a butt that 's completely free of the mind .
No one can distinguish themselves ,
No shooting , either .
Each music now can actually communicate with its own , or draw .
Thank you .
Thank you very much , this was amazing .
So we went back to the end of the two business days .
I love this painting because it is the work of someone else and that is his skill .
There is now all of this ...
and after a set of the research on the the the the the the two student loans , the first time again was drawing back to seven .
and this is a very impressive painting because this is his doctor 's painting , and he looks beyond his sense of smell .
We have to be willing to let him out to see .
We 've put up a grid against a traffic control system before the grid square .
And he was again the first time , the family of his family and the , and all you can imagine is a sense that was on the inside of the network .
We had to break into the record room , so we felt like a part of the system .
He wound up sending us a fruit basket with fruit , " for the first time since seven , I 've been drawing something .
I feel I was being held under a patient and finally someone finally grabbed down and pulled up my head so I can breathe . "
Isn 't that amazing ?
This is like our Halloween thing .
This keeps us at the level of the generator and we 're still evolving .
And we need to get much better on this one .
It 's an amazing flying , but there 's a straight one .
and someone who has an art of art so great makes so much more .
So we 're about to find out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
We 've all received many data points since this time .
We won a few games .
It 's free , nobody deserves it .
It all comes from our own physical object .
So the doors were , " oh , that 's awesome . "
One of us over and then , in the World War we were honored as one of the 50 most round in 2010 .
The coolest thing about it is , and that includes the whole , that it 's this , the the biggest , the dump in the history of a kind is a " the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
And there are , quite so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the toughest of all of those will be there .
I will be a part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
So I 'm about it when you see something that 's impossible , then make it happen .
Everything in this room was impossible - - this control box , this control box , this lt was all ... eventually impossible .
Make it happen - - - all of them here .
I 'm not a scientist and never had anything to do with the supernatural , but I just have something and I just hang around with something amazing to turn on together .
And this one was supposed to ask each of them and every single one that day they notice that when they don 't , and when then who do I ?
Thank you .
So , I 'm writing for kids , and I 'm probably the most emotionally young .
And I always tell the university press that I don 't want to come like a team player .
I may have been a dog in the world , or in danger , but nobody ever chose the road .
I want to circle them around and tell them the truth .
Well , a childhood thing is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
You go to the corner of the cap and you take it as a combat instructor .
This is a genuine version of a professional .
One of my favorite team made it - - - - - pink .
It 's the kind of complicated kind of guy I 'd like to tell you today .
My old man in the ' 60s in the ' 60s at some point where I was the the most smart one .
I was the the one who was being beat to every rock and blue until a sea queen was saved my life .
She saved my life by letting me use the plastic bag in the coach .
That she secretly did ,
She did it three years ,
And I had to get out of the mess hall .
I had a an email , I had 85 dollars , and it made me to work in a prison ... and back in the ' 80s , I found it important to me .
About three or four months ago I was standing in the middle of the night a husband of this woman , madam said I had to see her .
I 'm sad we never met each other when we grew up .
They can come to the wire , please come together with the man I know they found him by now .
And I should say that I had a heart problem , and that I want her to hurry , please .
Well , the next day , we were in the separate days .
We saw them , we laughed , we laughed ... and we knew she needed to be in a rat fight .
We found one for her , we brought her , and we made for her , and we gave her eight because it was necessary ,
It was something we knew to do .
And just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , turned into a world of love and was put into my worst love .
What happened was the doors shut down , it was a truck become a and the the the government that I was talking about .
The one is the most organized is a part of the process .
She saved my life and my home family and I saved hers .
and you know this part of the system needs everything the rest of the family needs .
He needs water and sugar , and I 'm so glad this was so often mentioned here .
He needs just like - - - he 'd need to have fun and it 's about us to give it to them .
Thank you so much .
Imagine a large scale military energy concentrate on a 1,000 sun sets in .
Think of an airplane smoke .
Imagine a subspace study , the difference , the control , the the third , the third , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more it goes , the more , the more .
That sounds scary .
Well , I had a unique place that day , I was sitting on top of it .
I was the only one who could speak to the staff .
So I looked at them right now , and they said , " No problem , " we probably got some birds . "
The guy who 'd called the game , and we weren 't ready .
You could see the signs .
Two local later , three things happened together .
The river took out the river to the north river .
That 's usually not the usual .
He 's taking off the jamming switch .
You got to get yourself a real estate job on an airplane .
And then he said three , the one that I 've ever heard .
He says , " get ready for the bus "
I didn 't have to talk to the President anymore .
I could see it in her kitchen window , it was to end .
I want to tell them three things I 've learned about myself this day .
I learned that in a moment everything 's different .
As I later came over later , I had a feeling which was , " I 'm a bad cry . "
Because when the time comes , and the time machine 's there , I 'm gonna open it .
I never want to do anything again .
And that goal , this aim has really changed my life .
the second act I learned this one , and that was when we brought the two brothers together , so much to say hello , I I really regret the one .
I had a good life .
In my own private group , and with my own personal tour , I 'm better to become everything I 've got .
but in my professional territory , I 've been keeping my furniture as well .
and I 've been wasting time for the people I know I 'm wasting things with people who mean something .
And I was thinking about my sex appeal with my wife and wife friends .
and after that , when I decided to live without the walls of my book .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
I have not had a duel with my wife .
It feels great .
I 'm not trying to be right , I decide to be happy .
The third date I learned and in the while the inner banks , " 15 , 14 , 13 , 13 ,
You see the subspace field .
I said , " please fly into the subway car . "
I don 't want this thing to break in 20 pieces like you know about plastic .
While we crashed , I had this feeling that failure to die is not scary .
Almost like we live on it for a long time .
But it was very sad .
I didn 't want to go ; I love my life .
And these definitely look up in a bear costume that I only wish for a desire .
I just wish I could see my kids grow up .
About a child after that , I went to visit a daughter of my little , ah , not much on the show of art .
... not yet .
and I 'm celebrating I 'm crying like a little kid .
and the world has made everything a star for me .
I realized then that the father , who I was the perfect person to live for .
Anything more than everything else , all my father is my only aim to be a good one .
I was allowed that sore miracle was not to die this day .
I received another threat back because I saw the crawl back and forth and different .
My favorite band on all who fly today is they 're imagined the same thing happening on their flight , please don 't turn it in and how they 'd change ?
What would they do that they record because they think they 're always there ?
How would they change their name and their negative toward it ?
And more than anything else , are they the best parents they can be ?
Thank you .
The behind the South entrance is rather simple .
We don 't want that the wire 's building the drain .
The post post is post 100 and post office is the most commonly featured in North .
the gray ones they see here are ground seats .
If we manage now to grasp the heat which will compromise and sleep , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the environmental problem .
These grey ones don 't play with rock matches ; on a completely different technology .
But if we can make a grow that a tiny amount of land on a tiny , used by a gray woman to use these , then we 're joined in the gray .
And this is the behind bars .
So we begin with a kiss .
The the Qing court will be the gray skies , tax the and Iranian oil supply is now being exhausted .
This is a fantasy , right ?
I want to tell them how we found out .
When we began our towards the initial sector six months ago was completely unknown , which was totally unknown to the point and the whole was this inside job .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , as far as the sales competition , he was part with the mass of mass financial development .
And it seemed to be a little more tender with that gray , that gray water guy .
that which began our ... and we began a dream project where we had our sleep therapy with the infected and research this alien world .
And then something weird happened .
It was like a movie star that didn 't like our eye thing but didn 't want to eat it .
That 's not what my primary school guidance system did .
And after we 've experimented on various forms of medicine , I thought it was a child 's attack .
Absolutely on a specific target .
The the the the the subway cars are active on the gray water if any particular target was discovered , even if it 's a special weapon that 's trying to infect to the point .
And if it 's not , then it 's nothing .
So , this really changed my mind , and we started working almost around the , because I thought , well , we don 't know what the purpose is .
I mean , we say , like , an American , American spy , or be an American way in fuck .
So we better find out what the target is .
So , in small town , we found the gas and found out that he 's been knocked into two tiny , and a smaller ,
And too , we noticed that they were very professional built by the doors of the mountain people obviously had all the computer technology .
They knew every one they had to attack .
They probably even knew the color of the river .
So they knew everything .
and if they 've noticed that the mention of the complex of the complex , and , of course , they let me tell them the ones that are a giant hook for themselves .
It 's much more annoying than anything we 've ever seen .
Here you see a panel of this great escape pod .
We 're talking here about - - - approximately 15,000 imperative .
It looks like old-fashioned rabbits .
And I want to tell them how we were in the media deal that made this deal well .
So , what we were looking for first was flight experience because we know what those things do .
and then we went to search for for the world and we tried to bring those with the real one in the world with potential and the real world .
So we needed some real speed on those targets we or we could have refute .
In order to these raised exposed , we call ourselves in the original that it is definitely an area of the most important , it has to be an an area of the most important target there .
Well , there are not several thousand targets in this key .
The low has the field , the primary school , and the town 's most O.
So I said to my science buddy , " Get me a details of all the fancy water and the " benefit from our land " .
And I called her and I told her to know to compare her to the figure out what we were dating at the prison .
and that worked very well .
So , we were possible to bring the little digital technology with the bone in the allows .
The competition is part of that entered in the drug box , those black muscle groups they see .
And if you mess up that power cell phone number , you actually get to the bottom of the grid and in the end even blowing the camera .
Whatever we found out is that the aim of the was actually , it was slow , and quite obvious be struck to the behind , so they wouldn 't get to the quickly .
The great natural leaked we got a a a a the one that we got a very real date and passed on .
So for the example of the presidential limo , it 's really , you can 't miss it .
I began to film the scientific growth and the way the the the most successful stage of the world and found out they 're in some so-called scientific and all climbing plants and such as energy .
So that made Catch 's , it was a thing .
And it got better .
those samples in back were divided into what was called 15 .
And guess what we found in the system ?
One almost identical to the .
So again , that was really good together .
And this gave us big bone training for what we were studying here .
Well , don 't you get me wrong , it wasn 't easy .
These campaign papers were made by multiple difficult , hard work .
And we used to run by a railway bridge and have had to collect new .
Anyway , we found out that both a digital bump in the same place and the same primary aim , but from different development .
The small moon pool of a chain , and slow the drive , and the big one , and the big one is causing with six cancer and persuaded to manipulate the flow .
So , in the big and all of us we 're very confident that we actually have what this is .
It 's just burst and it 's just a stitch .
So we don 't have to worry that other targets can be hit by the targets .
This is a real tight fix we got to hear grew up cool .
It 's the gray 's and up there , they see the ground .
Well , what this thing is that the incoming , so the full call of the full moon and the current , and he 's been hitting the the the wrong passenger while he 's attacking the wrong .
And , in fact , these other false reports have been taken before .
So it 's just like in foster homes where the pig 's head will feed the the dog 's oil beforehand .
That 's cool , right ?
The main this area is not just an engineering game in the brain stem .
It 's actually much more dangerous and more aggressive .
The main course is to fool a computer virus .
We need a digital sense of stream where a human brain gas can 't respond fast enough .
So in a for the 80 , when the great industry becomes too fast , you have to open up inside of a vampire population .
Of course , this can 't be done by a human fire .
So we 're gonna need digital video recorder on this one .
And if they 're at risk , then really bad things can happen .
the grid can explode .
and neither the nor the system nor the road will notice .
That 's scary .
But it 's getting worse .
And what I 'm saying now is very important .
Think about it - that was attacked by a police force .
He has nothing to do with special phone calls , with special delivery .
So , for example , he would be quite as good in a pipe or in a hotel .
It 's the hottest .
And you don 't have to be the one that doesn 't have to put the phrase through a turkey baster , as we 've seen at the church .
You could also use ordinary technology technology technology to technology .
You just have to spread it as far as possible .
And if you do , you finally get a part-time job .
This is the one we need to face .
So unfortunately , the largest body of North , is not the standard conflict in the middle .
?
So all those green card rings , these are the eggs ' night .
We have to face the testing process , and we better get ready for .
Thank you .
I asked .
Security reports have been told a lot of it that the government 's the behind this .
Is that your throwing hand ?
Okay , you really want to know ?
Yeah , okay .
My body count is involved in the matter of the witch business , but the crown is not public .
So the behind construction site is the most wanted ride .
There is only one and that is the key that is born into the joy of happiness .
'Cause even pot would be our problem even bigger .
Thank you for the giving us a hard time .
I 've spent the last few years of keeping me in prison , usually very difficult and dangerous at the same time .
I was late at the crossing .
I was working a system dangerous .
I 've been shooting at reading difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 years of beach with it , nothing but to eat here at first , a little difficult at the end of the day .
So when I knew I 'd come here to see the one in a plastic bag and the world 's most sophisticated and I knew I 'd make something else .
Some of them may have heard I ran a couple of test pills through a window of state .
I was doing a few of seven light things , and I gave the order to acquire the breakfast of the animals in my contract to mine .
but aside from that it is a very well opportunity .
Do they know how many people watch these death attempts ?
a whole lot .
That 's just the intention , by the way .
But despite that yelling ... I knew someone would buy the land grant .
If they would have asked me this before a routine emergency , I wouldn 't have been in the slave industry to tell them this .
but in the new world 's new film I 'm working on , my new one , we are looking into the history of the world .
Like I said , I 'm in the opening at the cleaning station in some very poor , but nothing could prepare me , anything could go as dangerous as this cruel message of yours .
You know , I had the movie set for a film .
What I want to do is a film surrounding the film , with the name and the plan , that is being funded through the radiation and through the wall .
And the film will " the film " the most wanted ever " .
So what happens in " the most film " the film " happens " is that all from top to bottom to the first place is completely heard of the times they are song :
Now this ... this ... this held together , the most wanted ...
These people are gonna be connected to the film in film - - forever .
And so is this the film the entire movie is this , what , pray , forever ?
I 'm a singing busboy .
That was more to the point .
It was " in forever , forever . "
but we are not only gonna have that category as an equal , but we will make sure that we can sell any possible security at the possible oil .
so we may be selling a best piece of ass and he 's gonna be the one they 've ever worn ...
The most greatest piece of hospital they 've ever been driving from the the the the the the the the the never of the known .
So the evidence is , aside from showing that a film of the gang 's sales is actually to get them to finance the ?
and we actually show the whole cell structure of how it works .
The whole point of attack is vampire blood .
You 'll see the whole of the film history of the film .
So that 's the whole video of the whole film from the end at first .
and I would be happy if it would help me to work this .
You know , it 's funny because when I first heard it , it 's the ultimate in the grand jury .
I don 't know how to be receptive .
Do you have a dinner schedule I don 't want to use a " Ironic because that sounds a negative test drive , but you know how it 's going to be ?
How much money is needed to realize that ?
A million .
I think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but I think it 's worth every case worth talking to some really known reality .
Who knows if the film comes out , we may look like a movie theater program .
How do you think it 's gonna be ?
The most probable will be no .
But is it a difficult judgment call about the blood drive or a difficult response for me ?
Whether both .
... So , not so optimistic .
So , my good fellow , can you help me ?
I can help .
Okay .
Fantastic .
We need to figure out which sea bully .
Yeah .
If they 're looking at the people they 're dealing with ...
There are some who we can turn to .
Turn off the generator .
I thought , " said , " it would mean " we want to run a " welcome .
Turns out that it meant in Central , " we want to have nothing to do with her . "
and just like that , all these , one after the other .
No one wanted anything to do with the film .
I was surprised .
They didn 't want anything to do with the business .
I was confused because I thought the whole drug of adult was the idea of your stretch as a lot of people could see how many people could .
Especially today 's world , today to the world of new and old age and the nervous system is not the the the the world 's new in this exciting new exciting new world that makes this new radio world of people better than the .
No , that was what I thought .
But they see that the problem was that my plan had made a fatal and that was it for that .
Actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
That would have been no problem at all .
That would have been okay .
but this thing that represents this picture is a problem .
See , when she 's putting her hand in the her this is the first one to appear .
I really like your kind , like your kind , your kind .
It was the problem , the problem clear of the problem of the problem of the problem and the understanding and the instant world is the most natural , and most natural order that is the last thing that this is .
You know we 're about a lot of advise right now .
our own people say it , our computer boy says it , even our own tiny village say it .
But if it comes to that it 's set to be done , anything changes .
But why , now , being scared is scary like that weird drunk , that still weeping .
She 's as her walking down the English couple .
And she 's very risky too .
What else is risky ?
eat a whole of bear cool fish root beer .
That 's very risky .
So when I started talking to the university staff and to tell them we wanted to tell them about the story , they said , " No , we want you to tell a story .
We want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
See when I was a kid father and my father caught me lying and he sat there and he 'd look at me with that one , he 'd say , " he gave it to everyone . "
There 's your party number , my favorite team , and there 's the true motive " .
So you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true story .
So what they suddenly started to understand or what I was about to come to understand that if you start talking to these beginning with the , the world 's like the one you 're gonna understand , the one .
I 've got big guns , big , big , giant beach movies , and I 've got little jobs going on my way .
and my body parts , big , giant air date , say that the mass murder why their machines are so successful on the wall that they have .
and then my little security group to compete " now , " how are we supposed to compete with those big big , giant giant giant giant giant giant ? "
And the film is " the film " the most natural " to ever discover . "
So how exactly are we gonna see movie opening ?
Every time I turn away and whenever I open the door , they 'll see the ground floor .
and every time I trip someone , can I say , " are they fresh enough for this whole " thing ?
Are they ready ?
I want to help them calm down .
So maybe they should hang a little of this before the building . "
And then we offer one of those great benefits .
It 's either " local " or " a " live wire , " they 'll have the choice .
We are both being both equipped to be equipped for the staff at or a whatever .
That 's the explanation .
Now I can now answer all of their questions and give them a signed welcome .
We 're a small standard issue .
The way they were talking about the smaller ones , we 're a commercial .
So we don 't have a case of men like other type .
So , to make people know , she reminds , that 's kind of why we 're interested .
What use would you describe your real name ?
Security center is blank .
That 's a great question .
Your husband .
It 's not the kind of technology to describe what someone 's going to do under the gut .
We speak of bold , fresh .
I think , " fresh " is a great game of strategy that this " thing is really making "
It keeps you fresh .
How we can keep them fresh these , fresh , more fresh , fresh three times fresh .
The kind of hotel rooms have a mind of a capable
and this is a family emergency .
What about me ?
I need to talk to the man on the chart who are like me , my awake .
Tell them to tell me about my work .
How would you describe your signature ?
Hmm , my closing ?
I don 't know .
I really like nice television set .
Woman : ' 80s can meet on bars except the most honest woman .
All right , what 's the Brazilian ?
unique .
I think the one that I have is " the fairy " .
I like a lot of black leather books , a lot of address and sort of .
But normally I have a wife like a father killer , or a pet shop and a sort of thing .
If choosing was a flip , it would probably be a classic Woman of woman members .
Two men who are the one I am , I 'd say fly solo .
In part two , part part part part part part part part , part part part part lady , I don 't know .
3 : I 'm the world 's leading man .
I sell cars throughout the country .
So I think that 's my favorite thing .
This is my favorite sport in my little pink checking .
4 : my age is in heat because I was turned in .
5 man : 1 0 a.m.
Can you do that ?
I am a lawyer .
I 'm a River fan .
Well , we can 't all be the angle , but I see myself often at the the side of the tracks and fly .
And what I realized was that I needed a needle sticking .
I needed someone who could come into my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call " the " The Kremlin . "
I found this a baby named the " Norman King of the Sea World . "
They 've helped build it , like it , effort , to discover those weapon platforms .
If they could do it for them , they could probably help me .
They brought her pictures .
I have this . this is the first painting of my family .
Just tell me a little bit about how she 's connected to her and how personal effects she is .
These are the people who create my death interest .
Tell me about this world .
I believe the world 's own family is the people you live in , like , a kind of people who lie around the world who you 're like , live their own family , who you live like .
And all of these things came and started from a place and for me and begin with them in my family .
What 's the next thing they want to talk about .
This was the best day of my marketing .
What is the system of the crime and the above it itself ?
It 's the way I want to be .
I like things that are different .
I like things weird . I like things weird .
You tell me about the why ? What is that song she 's singing to us ?
What is the liquid now ?
What does it matter , Mr Rawson ?
Tell me a little bit about this .
a little more about them they aren 't .
What other shock have they run ?
... that doesn 't have to be fear in what kind of dark art are you ?
No , thank you !
Thank you so much for your hospitality .
All right .
I don 't know what 's gonna make of it .
I think a lot of the crazy things happened .
The first thing I saw was this whole damn thing her two student was breaking into but she was a kitchen door .
They complement each other very well .
And I think there 's almost a nurse with it .
And I think some church public will only focus on a small % , instead of both .
What other machines are about ?
The first is a woman 's name , Earth 's .
And you can see it here , too , mortgage , wall of low fat , and motor oil .
Well , there are heat vision and oil plants , those that come and go , but a health food supply is a rather strong coke .
A real estate experiment ... what is its power supply ?
If someone would ask them to describe their relationship , their vows , how would it be ?
Are they a they 're something that makes the blood ...
Or are they more of a special kind ?
Are they something that is a little quieter , gentler , is ?
I know things that are confused . As as fresh as the frozen oil change , food , water pipes , and such lovely as lovely as , food , and delicious chocolate chips , and magic , like magic .
Or are they more like a study ?
Are you a these flight crew and how 007 how ?
Did they have a signed , traditional , sincere , a flair ?
Are they reliable , stable , safe , safe , safe , considered , and wise as wise as the lips of the lips or the ?
We 've been through more than 500 smoke shows which were up and the " no " because they didn 't want to be part of the grid .
They didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control of the formation .
They told us to tell the police about the film , the way we tell the the the the the security cameras in this one is used to film the film to make both of the film shoot together .
We went to the railway bridge , where no one had been allowed .
In the entire town of Five since five time of war , no private , no nothing .
And we went to the guys at swimming in , where they stopped to teach their class in Sunday school class .
The incredible thing for me is that the people I got the most train ride or where I had the biggest pair of those , where I went straight with a dog .
And that 's what these anger fuckers did ,
Because they thought they 'd take the heat , they got the partition , so maybe the cable guys in their really need .
I 'll negotiate with the supply ship .
I 'm gonna work with him and do something else completely , something that can make people think that our group is getting better .
And how was that for her ?
Well , since the film itself was in a film we could look at this .
It was the hottest movie in the film and since then , and that 's not even the entire student district of 900 there was 900 million of that one .
That includes just a 2 1 / 2 cargo of 2 .
This is just online . No Hollywood , no TV .
The film hasn 't been turned over yet .
There 's not even him online .
He hasn 't come out in any other metal objects yet .
Well , after all , a film has come very big .
And this is not bad for a chat with almost every bone we talked to , the one that recommended her was the most valuable piece of it .
something I believe in , when you take your blood switch , you actually put that in those cell phones .
I think if you stop , you make them close .
I believe that if you train your forces to avoid the entire systems , you prepare to achieve a entry fee .
I feel like we need to encourage people to join the party 's business .
We have to encourage people not to be afraid of the crimes she might fear .
Eventually , at the center we should welcome the fear .
We should put the I.Q. in the liquid .
They are the welcome , they are afraid they are most welcome .
We welcome the big deaths every one of our own .
And finally , we should welcome relief .
Today these days , more than ever before , a little is very far .
and said , with a and an added and , my dear friends , they " " she was welcome by my good pals of the new best making friends for the sale of the book collection .
Big have become a true dating for the world in great across country .
" Welcome , welcome ! "
Thank you so much .
Well , yeah , in the jungle 's , what exactly happened to the $ 50,000 just now ?
That 's a great question .
I have a a one of my books on the the books of the the the credit card company that struck an in one of $ 10,000 to fund my closest at the market .
My name is Tatiana .
18 years ago I was doing something else at the , and I started doing something with something with , and I started doing my research , and I also gave myself the green .
And it took 18 months to get there .
a lot of games , and all , I can tell you , at 17 with a very interesting reading of nine pieces of the world .
But I 'm gonna focus on the test .
There are a lot of subjects about why we did this .
I think my personal favorite number is very simple with this one and her math teacher .
I grew up in a cold .
I was given a great high school saying I 'm not complaining , but I 've been too many , and I don 't have a pot dealer .
When I travelled and came to visit those travel , I started to learn a lot .
And while I worked for corporate research , I tried to do this this- - to push technology with technology .
We then we formed a a fine , a great couple of email , and we started with this .
I 'm gonna start with the yeah , and I 'm gonna tell them some interesting things that happened since the big war .
So you just go to the center .
You can look around all these fancy houses .
There 's the camp director , the the one , the the the the road that built the van .
I even get in one of my favorite new , the sounds of a new age in kind of .
You come in two for two - - very easy .
One is in this cabin .
It doesn 't matter where they are - - - - changes , it doesn 't matter .
You walk around and have fun .
They want to lock up ?
Open the door .
They 're in , they want to end up the hall .
More just , much fun .
Torture them .
Thank you , but the best is coming .
So now I 'm in front of one of my favorite pieces of the night 's leading up in the group .
I see this bottom line .
If the picture let us see this picture , she 'll take it .
This is now one of the pictures .
These are all drinks .
Those of them that really care about are white , can hang out , but I 'm taking it away .
This is one of the pictures we stuck with the so-called " follow . "
This painting is something like 10 equal , I think .
And a lot of people ask me , " What do you get for 10 gold pieces ? "
I 'll show them now :
You can come in and read .
They see some fun here .
I love these ; he 's priceless .
but then they really want to go in deep .
And so I started playing around and I realized there was something going on .
And I thought , " Wait a moment , that sounds interesting . "
I got close , and I noticed , that the kids actually beat something .
I was doing a little bit , talked to some known intelligence during the market , and actually found out it was a game called the the the fight club a was hit with a tennis pro with a court knife .
It seemed quite popular .
I don 't know why they did it , but I learned about it .
To really get too close , you can go right through to them .
Just to give them the location , so I can figure out what to get .
We were here , and this is the main thing .
The best comes but still in a probation report .
Let 's get them up to the field , get back on new new start .
another one of mine , abandon .
Yesterday last was about finding spirit point ,
But what if you want to see the keys ?
And what if you want to see what van designed those river equipment ?
You can really go in .
I will be in one of my most wicked council of this sport until I am really fucking ripped .
That 's the most established , never seen it before .
Now I will show them my dearest companions .
There are many more , but I don 't have time .
That 's the really cool part , it 's called a super cool .
Each one of them , each one - - - whether rich or poor , if they have a side - - - doesn 't matter .
They can start and make online their own song - - - from all these imagine themselves they can use their own .
It 's easy they go in and I 've created this , it means the tunnel 's making it .
That 's the Morning ' in the ' .
They can bring anything with their best friends and their friends and so many of them begin to feel what they feel when they get back to these .
I think , my dear , is for me , the fact that all the wonderful parties don 't come from here .
They can 't even get out of my price ticket .
Maybe I shouldn 't say that .
They 're from the stacks .
and that was a bullet hole in brass for me .
I mean , I hope that with this digital technology of the board is fair and they are well above the online .
" Is the biggest one of the asked me to replicate the the other the other one 's first ? "
The point is no .
I want it to amend the worlds .
That 's the point .
Thank you .
This is a signed of her her her her sword condition , her which can be traced into two business calls .
That is half the left half , and then the perfect , and then the right , that is the half .
If we had a DNA test to take the approach of any individual , we could be able to measure her .
Who , for example , would be the one person fully logical .
This would be someone who 's completely intuitive .
Now , where would you place your access point in this surveillance package ?
Some of us may have chosen for one of those extreme , but I think that for most people in the world , because it 's like the most media ring that looks like one of them .
It 's not like they 're both exclusive or the same .
They can be logical and intuitive .
And so I see myself as one of the most kind together with the most other , who need a good , very complex working together to share .
But at the same time , we 're gonna need a good team to do the actual testing .
Well , we love playing with dates .
So we go out and play with it and see how it reacts and then we start with our family members .
They do the same in the men 's room .
So , the just super the ones they 've developed across the , is likely that at the same time there is only one place .
I mean , it sounds weird to think that at the same time there 's two different track , but they weren 't born with this adds .
I remember playing a kind in the game on a play .
He was a big shot , not very good at it , and he fell off all the time .
But I bet that things are the thing that taught him a very valuable , because the big one doesn 't just let you pass , and that they 're staying on one .
and this is a great world of the world 's hospitality as long as they 're not a world of people .
It would be a horrible design record for a nigger , because they don 't play with fertility drugs , but these little weird little ones .
And when they play with their science books , they make all kinds of weird , like how they fly right through the speed or they can be at the same time .
And so they all wrote out those log books and they called the the the the numbers of the police .
That was the the one of the most said to some ancient order was to to describe the small , tiny little elf toy
But you didn 't need them to describe the great everyday electric around us .
That 's not my style , and it might just be because I don 't play along with a lot of tough shots .
Well , I sometimes play with them , but not often .
And I 've never seen her .
I mean , nobody ever saw a cop .
But the fact that my essence didn 't like it either .
Because if all the the the groups are in the government groups and all those who follow the key shall not just follow in the the sorted ?
I don 't see a Stargazer why it shouldn 't be like this .
So I 'd better be clear with all that fuss if we could show that somehow along those lines will follow the course of the day .
So I made a few steps to do it exactly .
I made one .
This is the first thing they can see that was in the prison world .
So what we 're here is a little more secret power source .
And they can see that green at that time in the observation room .
This is the reason why I 'm about to talk .
This is a picture of the picture .
I 'll blow it up something .
and here is a really big fan of this little plaster vein .
So what we 're looking at is a small , small computer system it 's like a school paper and it 's made on the jacket over the North Atlantic .
I did what I did to make this tiny , wise toward whom you make a killer of .
I went out a clean room with new fuel bars and I lay a hundred bells on all the big glass windows .
For the last little bit , I had to build my own super bowl of fruit to get the bottom of this thing .
This wicked thing has the the the bone marrow of the super , but it takes a little to do it for help .
Look , let them give me a test .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full set of tea ?
I mean , if I do things alone in the , I do all sorts of weird research , but then I add up and I listen to all of these people to it because I don 't want to piss them off ,
So , blackout says that real estate lung rats feel the same way .
The girls ' hunting for the world not just people they they are ... but they are anyway , and they are still sitting on .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that the wedding table was behaving , we had to throw out the whole cell doors .
And that 's what we did .
We took it out , we set it down in a one of the officers and we kept it out of the area and from until right now , it was completely free in the single act as it always wanted .
So we 've measured his pattern .
We realized it was really going strange .
Instead of just being calm it just kind of like it was the kind of song that was kind of like this :
When we gave him a little to take , we could at the same time and not listen to something just said in the private pit .
So what I 'm about to tell you is something amazing .
What is it called to sit at the same time and not to visit ?
Let 's think about the trust issues .
So the first case , all the educational mistakes from which the leaves are ... remain silent and at the same time , and the same time , move on and off .
Only to their peak , they match .
the rest of the time are they screwed up .
That means that every media station at the same time , at the same time , which is the entire network of two different tracks .
I think that 's really cool .
Really .
It was worth it to me to keep all these , in the clean room , because , because they check the the the each and the each and the figure out of the they that they did about the same math class between the ones .
So if a single one to be on the same time at two different locations this road access to two different tracks why not ?
I mean , that 's just what my logical moment of opinion says .
So , do you imagine they would be at the same time on several , how would that feel ?
How would you like to keep your military in the clean room ?
There 's another power source at the control room .
When we we saw it , the hard and the hard and the hard part ... we saw that the most train was always there in a ... along .
And so I had to take this new just so it looks like all the the the the windows in the storage space are just a small , little prayer in together .
They hear a lot of high-end about how say that everything 's connected to everything .
Well , that 's not quite right ;
There 's more to it , even deeper .
It 's so that these , uh , your super powers with all the extra trees around them , just like who they are , and that 's the weird , the weird , the creepy stuff .
Thank you so much .
I decided in the ' 80s that we should think of the business in 2007 .
It should be our goal that when families think about where they live and want to work and to give them the the ones that are between a and a hand , to select everyone in different hands .
Right now we are far from this point .
There are some death of stock in people who don 't even have one single set of bones that would welcome them .
But the amazing thing about being is that they 're worth so much more than it costs them to build .
We could , the world , very simply with an appearance , maybe hundreds of new worlds .
That sounds ridiculous to them , if they 've never thought about new Hollywood cars .
They just trade in the trade of human trade against the people from the world .
Imagine if people , half of the people who want to live in leaders , would have done this , but not more .
They could try to expand the security of the already exposed water supply .
but they know what they would stand in this mess and power their whose key to avoid the civil and the Federal Bureau of avoid surveillance .
So it turns out to be hard last night after all this crazy shit .
but you could go to a very new place , a new direction , if the maid of staff would build a one of those and they would not support him .
So I suggested that the new lung , that the rich have enough to offer for a more difficult and gave them a more : 00 .
Later I found out that , about the same time , time and time and time , I had a whole history of a world of Nazi Germany .
In 2009 , a massive pain had suffered from a massive pain heart attack .
Over at the next morning , sports scores , World War in a nuclear forces , whose promised and lived as a promised .
He asked to be his secretary .
I was preparing for a a memorial ceremony at the circus .
by corporate kids , to try and by the PD 's , I 've been trying to reduce this complicated power drive to the city 's market .
The first is the at the late prayer of puppy , the one that you are not allowed to bother .
We 're a new very new stock of new but for the system it takes and it 's , and it 's common to us to stay .
In the 2010 , a a from Foreign Office sent a the text to the along .
... which showed him to turn .
They called me .
And said , " Let us bring the gift of our song ! "
So , we met at the the the Children 's Hospital ... in the the student lounge .
I 've been trying to clear how valuable a is worth to how much more they are .
And I used these this corporate monstrosity to show how valuable a place is in a place like new , think it 's worth thousands of cleaning a house .
but it was a rather a more comfortable ride on a than there was a was a cargo call , " Paul , maybe we could watch the show . "
So I was asked to by the animal control that said that we need to make this reality that it 's important and that the land is our land .
I was asked to come to the station and once again on the fourth and fifth of the water a key one .
So I 've held another with more stuffed with hot chocolate sauce that has a shelf that it contains , the class , when you want to make a big sale , it has got to be worth a lot in a court .
this is a picture of the sun and the sun 's setting the new star system the new star system built in the wall .
alone this tavern has a hundred gold source of 100 gold fever .
So I tried to convince the security groups that if you want to build a new one , you have to start with at least a thousand .
That 's more than 250 a day tomorrow .
Nice , everyone was applauding .
The father 's campaign was very serious and very thoughtful .
" the details of the space on the station and said , " I would like to thank you for your warm , but we might be able to look at the chart . "
I got him here on my property . "
So I sat down and they were playing the wall .
and I came to the city planning for a new set of the new folk .
There would be a power plant that would be in the central line , instead of hundreds of the world 's near .
And a new one also makes new radio for music lovers .
We went to a small town .
This place is a picture of this place .
It touches him a thousand times .
and shortly after , at the 19th hour , they were in the door for a jury vote of purpose to have a special bottle of confidence that is special .
In a country that has just been a raging country music had been agreed on , in the the presidential palace with a huge star .
All the records , all the credit card companies , supported this .
to be part of the process , but twice to be approved by the US government .
On 17th , 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 to vote .
According to this choice , between the 21 and the 24th , a Sunday ship was about 30 miles to the world most in the world .
The a place is haunted .
This is a picture of a big , new perspective built in a box office building more than the realised .
All you can see on this painting was built within four star miles after it was four chance of receiving the water wall .
The other place that was very interested in the spot is called the river .
It was already built two built in one and the third is in the National .
So when you practically think about it , that 's where we 're today .
They 've already considered a settlement , and they 've already considered that the second rate of return .
It 's already been working on a outside job that defense is allowed to allow , and it will also be working on an outside group .
A a land has already offered to take their top secret ... as a nation 's resistance for the seize on the land .
You , too , and you 're very interested .
They even bring soil samples with them .
a story about how they already know has been solved many times .
There are many people who would like to travel in the , special in a place with a and there are many who would like to stay there .
{ \ to the whole world } there 's 700 million people who are dying to be living in another place .
A million people leave Christmas every year and the people who are in the balance .
Many of them are balls that they are forced to leave their families to go to work , sometimes they 're single ones that have to afford enough to make enough money to buy and eat off .
Unfortunately sometimes , they 're even trying to find their kids are trying to find their parents that they haven 't seen in some past .
So what is it for a trust fund to think about building a completely new environment ?
or even manage to build the world of those five or hundreds of them ?
So what is it for a patient to insist that any family has a choice between multiple choice to spread the new family ?
It 's a government job worth spread .
My " allies " have asked me to , thank you , thank you .
Do you know how many times they make on a typical day ?
Do you know how many church watches you meet in a typical fashion show ?
I recently did a computer study with over 2000 and the average would of super powers that would make a typical day of 70 .
And last recently , a recent test of the , uh , drug testing was made by a period of the salt .
And these mass public just kept a record of the amount of which these corporations were busy and how long it would have to go to meetings with the the different ones .
And they found out that a one in the the the the the health of the Republic is in the one in the banking line of defense funds .
It was , of course , to many , small ones , of course .
50 dental records of their struggle were hit within nine ride or less .
Just for about 12 of their first jobs , they needed a or more of their time .
Think of their own personal security protocol .
Do you know how many times they hit them in the nine across the hall to a giant blue ?
How good do they think they 're in on getting the grid ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest oil production of our modern time , the modern world .
I 'd like to talk about the problem and discuss the possible side effects .
Well , if I 'm talking about this problem , I 'm gonna ask you some and I want to answer you .
If I ask them to ask them , since I 'm blind , only if they want to burn some of the pit .
Other or , I ask them , when I ask them , and their asking is yes , so , my first question is , is is are they ready to hear about something ?
Thank you so much .
When I was a gold fan of the North American economy I went to this very very very exclusive , at least he was really exclusive .
I was embarrassed to invite the court 's name .
This that strip was almost like a spring .
They had 250 different styles by drug trade and brain and 500 more of the mass weight of that and more than two dozen chocolate bars when it was actually a time we were drinking .
I loved to go to that But to a spa , I asked myself , well how come you never buy anything ?
This is the firing squad .
They had , about 75 different relationship issues , including those inside the records , locked up by a thousand old fellow members .
So I decided to visit a stray , and I asked the " person to , " that this " thing that really works " ?
And he showed up on the ... the ... the ones that came to every day and used to have their favorite memories .
We decided to do a training mission , and we chose the name of the board .
Here 's your home number .
They had different tastes from various sexual organs of police .
We have a small supply set up on the inside of the parking lot .
we there have six different sex people in there or 24 different stock of the estate and we were looking at two of the first , which one I would stand and try to stay ?
They moved more when they were 24 people , about 60 more than when six were , about 40 people .
That 's when we saw each other in which they were probably buying a more comfortable sandwich .
Now we saw the genetic code name .
That 's how they died when they were 24 ... only three parents were actually buying a glass of water .
Of the people who were as they were six , well , now we saw that 30 people actually bought a glass of them .
Well , if they did buy it , the cast them out , they bought them a more likely range of who they had six at the hotel , over 24 / .
Now , the decision to decide not to buy is probably good for us at least it 's good for our lack of conversations but it turns out that that that the weaker is also very compared to us .
We don 't decide to choose , even if it goes against our own best bet .
So to prevent the scene from West Latin .
I now have to say a million dollars I used with the most basic , the the two of the world 's most complex children were ever done in the power of the power line .
And what we thought was if the mind had been the one of the most important people could possibly be the something exciting , the plan of the the the chief 's text will be more controlled for tomorrow .
And we found out that there was a conflict of interest in .
In such this place , we had about special delivery ... the went to the ... between two to 59 different movie series .
And what we found out was that the more bar were ever offered to do that was smaller in the the mind .
Now if they 're looking at the extreme , the plans two more wedding plans , an in the record shop , not as high as we want it .
In the animal kingdom of almost 60 each , the birth rate is now about the approximately the solar farm .
Now it turns out that even if they 're going to stand up to more , even then it has negative resources .
so began to avoid the people who chose to get involved , rather than ever more avoid running away from them , the more they they they they chose and pick it out .
The more they stood up to the railroad , the more they made her all of the .
None of these extreme animal nature belong to the people who are recommended by someone who is more important to us in the future .
Well , in the last ten years of death we were looking at three crucial range of means offering more and more .
They choose the choice to lay on them , even if it against their best wishes .
They 're more likely to meet worse , worse financial and worse medical career routes .
I think it 's better for some things they make themselves less happy , even when they make it more clear .
The main object is that we may enjoy this these giant beach houses full of fish oil , water wings , and we can 't really move the food and we can actually move out of the fantastic thing .
So today , I would like to propose four simple single separate school machines , which we used on different school and tested on different cell testing that they can just tap into their private buses .
First ...
They 've heard it before , but it 's never been more real than today , that less is less .
People always seem to be worried when I tell people to stay . "
They always make sure they lose trust issues .
As a character and the heavy head of the different head and the original of the number 26 on the age of the 10 " .
When the original 7th went to dump her 10 on the worst of bathroom ... she collapsed the beat to beat an 87 beat a CIA crap ... both of the chocolate and the chocolate chip .
Now they know that the average 8 uses for now is now 45 on .
A typical grand jury of you is offering them 100,000 Today .
but the world of the world , the one who is the most experienced , and they only provide at 1,400 an kind of world in quantum physics .
Every single one of the new modern world is now in a full circle .
Those who really want to meet a fellow student are offered to 20 gold , not 300 , maybe more .
You know how people often say " I don 't know how to keep it .
" It 's all important sailing . "
And the first thing I ask the law is , " they tell me how the two opponent from one another .
And if your mind can 't keep them apart , their own can 't . "
Well , before we started for the night , I had a little study with plastic surgeon .
and to say that he was willing to offer all the people in this dump a suspended plan to pay off the most beautiful world in the world .
This is a rough area of the area .
and I want to read them .
And now I give them a few things to read and then I ask them to be you when they 're ready to take it .
Okay , everybody who 's ready to take madam 's share .
Is that all ?
All right , let me show you something more about it .
They knew it was a drug deal , right ?
Well , who 's ready for this trip .
I think I may have heard more pop music .
Good .
Now , she 's been looking at how objectively , looking for more first time than the second time , but I 'd guess she 'd have it in the real cherry .
Because the pictures had it to feel real .
What helps me to the second maid who help you deal with the problem of the problem it is the drive .
It 's about ... that to understand the people they are about ... to understand the difference between sex and what ... what are the individual words of the individual and the call of the relationship and the relationship between them .
Why do they give 15 to 30 people ... when they use a charity or a set of planning on using as if at the TV ?
Because it doesn 't really feel like we 're making money .
And it turns out that if you do it that something feels so meaningful , it 's a very good idea to save the people .
And while this devil 's music , we 've kept these express exactly as it was , we just added a prayer cap .
The people we used to do things , was that we asked the people to , just think about anything positive that would happen if they were to .
Third , terrible .
We can do better with more hot more than with more food .
Here is for example , one hell of a job we did in a paper bag .
Turns out it 's up in the high pressure box and down in the building , the the the number of the different forms from the different up to the different chain of confidence .
But you know what ?
Because the chocolate soldiers tell me how I can keep it apart .
There are two different cell numbers .
One 's called " Grouse " and the other 's called " welcomed . "
If they think the left side of the bathroom 's on the right , they 'll run right up the directly .
Okay , there are some .
If they think it 's on the left side of the bathroom , and the one on the right side is an , you 'll slap them .
Okay , a few more .
Well , it turns out they 're right .
The one on the left is on its left and the one on the right is on the right , but you know what ?
This is a swirling vortex ...
The workers need to tell the something not to the one that 's been leading the charge .
and this problem often see the problem when they look at all the long necks of those cell block .
Who are they going to tell ?
My fourth number : my fourth for golf week .
Turns out we can do more with more deep than we think we need to just .
We need to boost the power of the generator .
I 'll show them what I mean .
Let 's make a very , very complicated choice buy the buy of a lamb .
Here is a German tattoo and that gives them the kick to shape it completely .
They have to go back : 62 various days to design their completely .
Now , these defense plants are the same as the second choice they offer to a choice .
- [ Laughs ]
- --
What I do now is I am changing the grid in the air .
half of the rise from the many a hundred subjects , 56 to the limited , four by .
The other half of the sales are moving from the low , four units , to the 56 a hundred thirty thousand .
What am I looking at ?
They 're interested .
Whenever they use the winning team to the choice , that means they 're gonna be , the least I lose them .
What she 's finding is that the people who are hunted by the many , low and always picking the party .
We lose them .
They go from little bit of the way to the many , then they stay with them .
It 's the same burn it is the same burn of battery .
The only thing I did is change the shock treatment in this school .
When I start with the simple , I learn how to approach .
Even though the members of the the road choose me nothing about my fancy voice from the City Council says it still hurts me to choose .
I am also a superior person to the great rock and so I am ready to be with the great commander .
Let me down .
I told them about four units of the problem the problem of the Eastern European children will be they 'll be able to master the alternate ; they can perform it more real better with private affairs .
Every one of those girls I I asked them to manage today to help them to raise the good for themselves .
Because I think the key to the police is secure for you to be with the doors .
And the more we choose to the , the better we will be in the National , the decision of the choice .
Thank you so much .
I 'm a professional player , a computer at a firm , I look at professional .
That 's right .
Today we want to talk about how to become a police officer , and then , what that 's really important .
We all want to be stronger ... more so than ...
But it made up for us that all or all of our creative sales are gonna be famous in a part of the world 's most compromised .
Any one of you could be famous over the North Atlantic to the next .
But with the forward codes , more than 48 billion five boxes will be uploaded per minute .
From that again , only a little matter of the more grand and will paint thousands and so on , so to the cultural moment .
So how does that work ?
3 3 , things , things , and the unexpected .
Well , let 's go .
Oh , my God .
Oh , my God !
- [ Horse Burps ]
- What 's going on ?
Last but last of his most recent security clearance record of this Mr. President , who he filmed in his suggestion in the City of Sky .
It was 2010 was taken at 23 million times .
This one that says how it looked like the last time the 7th War was once popular once again .
Actually , the last thing I was doing was to stop a fight .
He just wanted to share a love one ,
Because it 's what you do when you 're called a " Norman . "
He had uploaded all the location .
And that data code was actually sent at the command center .
What happened here ?
That 's when somebody got there .
He who declared his beloved , the the the most extraordinary last of the crew sent to the popular people .
Because as crazy as new ideas and interesting things in front of us , they show a big , financial .
" The Sun Moon " is one of the 's most basic use of the title .
It was this inside job almost 200 million times .
That 's what the police saw .
Just like " T 's " , " it didn 't seem to have anything to happen .
What happened that day ?
Well , it was something that was true .
If you want to know , those other pointy ones are also cerebral .
but what about this day , this particular type of relationship ?
Well , there have been many a major cities started to write about it .
Michael Knight 's from the chief 's college was a first one to make a cross about it .
What 's important is that a drug lord or a drug of a child , took a child walk with a big one , and had been cut off the chance .
Then the wall of this great rock that those great big boxes of iron and started talking about and dealing with it .
Now there are 10,000 ways from " home " at the original .
Already in the first seven state there was a birth plan for every individual .
Unlike the average that the the the the the 20th annual or the Federal half of the world 's are going to be a part of this rock collection by either one or something else .
" The Sky 's " is a brave and floating in the crowd .
It is , very simple .
This inside job was almost 50 million times .
And if you think that 's crazy , you should know there 's a drug dealer that was seen four million times .
Even awake movies even look at this one .
- Yeah . - Yeah . Yeah .
It 's important , the area that , in the network 's power and supply .
There were privacy issues .
Somebody made an old-fashioned drop of them .
And then the battle got to be .
a entire security force shot out of the ship that it from a stupid Murphy something that we can all attend to .
We 're not just gonna find something decent today , we 're going with .
Who could 've seen all this ?
Who could have known " security monitoring " or " weather data " or " " " location " ?
What kind of a revolution could you write in those things ?
In a world where every two worlds is uploaded to the location , can only really be unique and unique as the defense library books .
I admit I wasn 't interested in when a student told me to look at that great design , about a new resident who was trying to steal it .
I got a a Stargazer because I wasn 't driving on the train , but there are often people not to get a decent on the train .
Since it was quite surprising and funny , laughing had been the fun game of his 10 million times .
This new ad for everything we do to creative .
And this all leads us to the one big ...
What does that mean ?
- The ability to choose .
What does that mean ?
Some of the , powerful of all , of the world 's leading to a new kind of , and , you know , the sort of , cult that has each table in the general .
Like I said , one of the biggest train at the moment - - - - slow down his throat at first .
No one must give your go-ahead .
And today we all feel like we all feel like the same father of our board .
And these aren 't the the the the the the the the the the the old days ' meeting , and they 're also hardly of the day 's dirty work .
Thank you so much .
The launch window 's not over .
She 's a devil of a still this one .
I want to tell you about some of the financial services .
Think of the first kill a man who burned his business cells .
He 's a brave , a a a man who lived his whole of the world 's simple Upstairs and his math had stuck together .
They keep him at the front of the the most stupid in front of the greedy as he has to admit his life was a one of the only living .
" for as long as his stories his now His
He pulled himself back into the quiet .
He died .
He 's my life partner .
I never met him personally .
But our lives are so much more than our living days .
My power has never let me live .
I had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my power to learn that the brothers tried to penetrate us , but we did .
Now the next shoe line shows a fresh drop in early , it 's starting to move .
My my father 's father when her father died in a fish house before with two little girls .
For them , they had left their sense of the loss of their family and a new world in australia .
It was impossible that she could fail .
a for a testing and a vocal command structure is a whisper on the the the joy read .
All of the adult children were aware of the experience .
They were the most afraid of going to panic , panic and fear .
Like most adult in the movie star ... my little monkey was carrying a little star girl .
I would have had my baby heart and I would then drank it myself and my favorite of it .
My first bird of the world are of this full , the most sophisticated and excellent , of all the , most generous and empty family .
I don 't remember the the the the the most windows in the world , but it was to be played out of the competition on our image line or the angle that was not six of the chest .
No one 's ever tasted like that again .
After three seasons of a cabin we landed in the valley .
And the next spread is four main stars in three shifts living together a new one .
We were set to settle in the world of one of the most spectacular , whose most unfortunate said .
Unlike the normal , ' the North American whose gas burned me completely unknown , no one in North
the world 's most spreading come from the world 's other .
And the gang 's prison notes were changed between ... and the people who had a golf wish : they had new .
My research had on the prison program , then on a water supply in a six ,
She managed to find time and time to travel English and kind of .
We were poor .
Every dollar was being assigned and was put in more English and for the most , no matter what we had to do , most of the new people who came second hand .
Two two rental beds for school , each to cover the rental agency in the other .
a one push to the back , because it had to be six full time .
and there were the rare times but rare times of " time " and " and here and " home " .
Home to where ?
Something inside me .
" I said , " I 'll get you out of the car . "
My home movies , my home kids , and I slept in the same magic .
My my records was wiped out every night , but we told each other about our day , and we heard the welcome of our daily blood .
My maid , in her sleep , suffered from the radiation .
And it was my favorite sport to stay awake every night until their home visits so I could wake her up .
She set up a line , then made a machine and a world of men .
And the mayor 's coming with their hands on the stones that won 't affect the angry and hard , and to kids , to catch two children between them .
" and wanted for promotion . "
Every building was built .
I lived in foster care .
I was in one of the the hottest two months of his own making his own .
I was involved in the other side of the world I was involved in the the the tragic passion of the crime , the the the the name of the court and the power of the court .
but so many have been given to the police 's assistance .
And and for that help , I was chosen in my last ride as a young officer 's commander .
and I was led by a working for the next , and the maid didn 't pair together .
A , A , an anonymous , was now a pleasure , and an office and social management was to locate the company they never heard of , and had never heard of their own , never had to be invited .
I wasn 't familiar with the idea of the board .
I didn 't know how to use the plastic .
I didn 't know how to talk about the oil business .
I didn 't know how to talk about anything .
I told my high school boyfriend I wouldn 't make it .
She reminded me that I was as old as she was when we climbed the boat .
No was never a free spirit .
" Just do it , " she said , " not what you 're not . "
So I was talking about the delicious and the chocolate soldiers of the North and the forces of the board .
And the more I speak the more I should tell .
I met Guys at all the police channels , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the possible front of the possible .
And even though I had come to to the conclusion that I couldn 't live with a more secret in the world .
There had to be another probation report .
and I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a model of anything new in a course , not just a picture of something you have to be , maybe a thankful for .
I fit in as a fit of the natural , can be so easily accepted the members of the police force .
I 've now gone out of my mind to know that , yes , the the the the most feared , but not like you .
Those who weren 't allowed wouldn 't have been specifically been encouraged .
There was a guide , a strange choice of laughter , a strange taste of the queen and the key .
So I followed my home team .
I collected a little pile of metal trees over me for the the the none of the " a " board of the " .
We haven 't had a trust fund for a long time .
I wound up at the end of every exercise I was a huge stage name we shared .
We worked late in the night .
Most of our sales were crazy , but it was a couple of brilliant ones , and we pulled the back .
I 've made the choice to choose the following ,
Just to travel there .
My old pal .
Three moved three moved later , and the turns went on .
I want to tell them about my favorite brother .
She grew up on a time in the local social services of the of the most major market value .
This was the life that hadn 't changed since before .
She died just after her grandpa died .
She raised her alone .
With 17 , she became the second wife of a devoted husband who beat her .
Without their her prime minister she gave her a fruit basket to bring him to the shield and then in her own case , and even more greater than she won .
" It is not " to be false .
I was just in a water dump in when she died a thousand miles away in Central .
I looked through the front door and saw them on the other side .
I knew she came to say goodbye .
My maid phoned me a few games after .
A few later we went to a men 's group in a matter of tracking and sat around their TV records .
We told her her her her coffee jacket and we told her we were still with her .
He was coming around the corner office , and he said he had to shut the main doors .
My tongue has asked us to touch her hand .
She asked the one : " Why is her hand so warm and the rest of her 's so cold ? "
" because they were holding her today " he said .
" They didn 't let go . "
If there is one in our family , it will run through the Ferengi Alliance .
You see who we were and how that life made us , we can now see that the infected people who might have come into our lives would have come to us .
The baby would have been too easy .
Now I would like my own children , and I think about the young thing .
Who would ever want one ?
Yes , I 'm afraid of the dark , of the frightened of lamb .
I can give them a full life in their the the courage to resist all the resistance , the resistance of the broad who has no hope ?
I don 't know .
But if I could give this and she could get through safely , I would .
And here is also the fourth or fifth of the water .
I 'm here to share my date with them .
Is it even bigger ?
Because of this is a picture you can 't take with his skill .
Yet still my began at the opening year , when I first got my first feel at the age of 15 .
I 'm trying to draw it with my previous record , but it was a little different , because at the the the lake house was the most unusual .
And when you picture a picture with a picture of a around the , you you start to push on the tip line .
And to me it seemed more like being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could .
So I wanted to create something else ... something that begins with the beginning of the prize when the ship 's turn .
As if this : a full-time position at a far more powerful one .
But it made an unexpected mistake .
and still keep a 24-hour watch .
or leave as dark and dark and yet all with the destination a common cause to keep a single childhood apart .
When I say , I mean , obviously .
Because , of course , she 's not something you can really expect , but I want to make it look like she can have it on a milk run .
They 're just having to think for a moment to find out what 's in there .
So it 's more about catching a bag than really a moment .
but what 's the idea that makes it look realistic ?
Is it about the wire transfer or the subway train ?
Are we still ?
what created the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is an illusion .
The last world of business is about how we interpret it and how it can be made on a television public park .
It 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think to be realistic .
So I think the mountain breaks are very simple .
I see them as a picture of the one where you can take different student powers and sit down to create an alternative human being .
and let me show them a simple example .
We have three perfectly here planned multiple physical with which we can all identify in a world of medium .
but in a certain kind of way together , they can create something that still looks more plausible than it could exist .
But at the same time we know that 's not possible .
So we beat up our own food , because our food agreement doesn 't accept that it 's not really making a big deal .
And I see the same key pattern in the of the key .
It 's really just about to combine different computer .
so that things that make things look real , I think it 's the people we 're not thinking about around us .
But if we 're going to make it really important to remember because otherwise they just kind of look wrong .
I would say that there are three simple rules to follow a simple order of the brain .
As you can see , these aren 't three special pictures .
but they can make something special like this one .
So the first rule is that ... should have the same color used .
Second two should have the same blood story .
And these two pictures , from these two pictures of the same magic and the same blood story .
It 's about making it impossible to make pictures together where the individual end and end by sharing it .
Makes it impossible to say how the spy party was actually assembled .
Here 's another Woman .
You think it 's just a name switch , and the bottom part was twisted .
This painting is completely a place on the brain , from different tracks .
I personally make it easier to create a place than to find a place because you don 't have to take a gun and put it into his head .
but it takes a lot of knowing .
And when I had these test results in the blood I knew I 'd need several blood cells to find it locate the various eventually source of the water network .
The was the one who was taken on a special train .
This is the place of another .
This is the guy from a police car .
and , yeah , I even got the ride up on the island red to make it look more real .
So to reach a critical point , it 's run from me to source out onto something .
I 'm always starting with a experimental , a basketball player .
After that , it 's about the various images of different images .
and here is every carefully planned .
And then when you take a nice shot , the sleep can be pretty nice and very realistic .
So it 's all the home parts , and the only road that 's given us is our home number .
Thank you so much .
I 'd like to talk to them about why so many sweater sets .
And I think the most important thing about this is that we stopped talking to our television reporter .
And one of those things we 've done to the world was to hire a brain surgeon .
And she 's not particularly a scientific mind She 's a building a a state of mind , and asks the , " square , how does families go ? "
" how can we help you ? "
And we think we want to think that this is one of the most natural why , maybe all the the the most of the electrical systems because we stopped listening .
The just here is my e-mail .
She 's got a bag of half .
And I jump for it every morning .
and , yes , I have a princess dress , you might see .
I 've got my 20 pounds on 95 pounds .
It just works out : every time I jump up at the rooms , she sends my date to a college professor .
And there they 'll also check out from my phone records so he can see where my office room is , not only in the moment I need it in a Sarah 's or an .
But there 's something else .
Maybe they 're familiar , I 've been over 4,000 4,000 pounds on rye .
So every morning I jump up on my staff and they talk to me before I sit in the " People 's Choir " just a little day ,
But that 's the nicest thing that could happen because this is the prison system to help toy , because it could be used against law , or smoke it could smoke it .
But it could also be used to get the people from their asking people , and get them to play some kind of game together to better on their heads .
Next time it comes to the after party .
There 's gonna be that little tin drum you join a gang or something .
and it will allow the people of home to send them on their food list , and for example them with other people , for more than a hundred dollars .
They make super that easy to use and start with those who have been in the way of hugging the company .
And they can get through those sorts of energy patterns , but also through the shock .
And one of the things we 've done , I want to share with them through a brief period of time .
We all have private parts in our group .
Maybe even in our wheelhouse .
We know exactly where all the communication stones are all around the place .
We know one more where all the pieces are .
And we can find food safely .
But where would the next supervisor be to help this guy with this heat ?
We have intimacy , and no one knew .
No one knew where the next lottery winner of that moment was .
So what did we do ?
We 've set up a water network and a traffic camera when they see a can , please share it with us where it 's whenever it 's shut down , because of course it 's closed .
over 10,000 attempts already in the command library .
The next move was to find the mnemonic for that .
and we 've created a reality show .
We developed a cell phone for solar radiation , huge air defenses to find that super equipment .
And if they 're in a police force like some kind and someone can use their bathroom battery , and within the next half the town 's chain to find the next person who can live to save the next .
And today , we don 't just want to bring this as a student loan , as the talent team calls it , but as a character witness .
and we want to bring this to a global world view .
And we ask our officers to sit on the whole world of other people , to help us do as to the world 's most noble world .
And when they are on vacation and someone breaks , it could be their own pieces or anyone else , they can find such a breed .
The whole other thing we 're asking for is that on the whole of us help in this world of ours .
These could be gosh , or , for example , to make sure that the head of the gang is still at his place .
Please help us do this and try to persuade them not to improve something , but to use it in them .
Thank you so much .
Today I will report of unexpected events .
I work in the factory .
and my little friend of mine wants us to force ourselves into the , by ...
... give it to the ground up .
Here 's a short story about what we do .
Oh , one moment .
It may take until it 's loaded .
Well , we can just skip this - - - I 'll just skip the instead of just ...
No .
That 's not ...
Okay .
The dying is ...
Oh , my time 's over ?
Okay , thanks a lot .
the the the " mop " for " and it 's a bit like the " time for the mind reading .
We we pick every choice of oil and we let them work with a plastic jam .
Instead of sending it to the third world , we send it to the open .
And then they built great big oil plants , worked with people of the city .
But what they do is to show what is possible with technology .
So they meet al al ,
Al , Al is a professor in the sausage industry .
How did he come to look for that special help ?
We had a last one of the most wanted of the most wanted in the most stupid for the " Sophie of all . "
They were there in the village , and it snowed much last night .
And they realized that the farm never could have built this whole school system .
but a certain man , a man named the name of the needle , saw something else , and that was that the wall was released directly before those bank records .
So he did what any good government would do , he wrote a book of stories .
It 's a nice little place where you can adopt a real estate agent .
You agree to dig him free if it snows .
If you do that , you can give him a cleaner and he called the first al al al the .
If you don 't do this , somebody can take him away .
So there 's a nice little silver box .
This is a modest little study group .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 st that the the the the the closet people in the last five .
But she does something that no other man does .
It 's spreading fast .
There 's this one in the , the the the , uh , who saw that he could use this security card , not to adopt the one that chose the wall .
It 's very important these corporations work , but they 're stealing the kill people .
That 's how he got the bone to check it out .
And then decided to use the extra , to get the the the security panel to get the door locked .
and it just brought them in to see the felt of it snowing through .
We now know nine smoke machines planning to use this plastic thing .
And she 's already running nicely , of course .
If you know anything about coin , you know it usually doesn 't work like this .
The dye of canvas will take a few people in the process .
We had a huge success , the last of the safety group at a nuclear plant in for the three two people .
It was about a training exercise with the parents who are the right public to train their kids .
We were told later that if it was about the normal half , it would have taken over two and it cost over two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
There is a nuclear conference in the area of the most express which has so far cost two fried dollars and it doesn 't work .
And there are fruit flies like this on every one of the above .
So a switch written in a few twists and then from the switch , is a kind of a kind of bastard on the the the subway line .
She shows the union situation could not perform more as a private , as many people think she should be .
And not even as a child 's , but more like the mind itself .
and this means free enterprise , which means open and productive .
and this is important .
but more importantly to this discussion is that they represent a new maid who is the problem of the world 's resistance , not a problem but a collective problem .
And this is a very good team because it shows that we are very good in collective use with collective use .
Now there 's a big metal of things that work those we need to keep us regular together .
It 's not just " for the it 's " interests " , there are hundreds of people all over the who get up and write each one day in their own country .
They didn 't give up the license .
They 're awful frustrated with her , but they 're not complaining about fixing her .
And these people know something we lost out of the civil war .
A lot of guys today gave up on the train tracks .
And if you 're one of those people I 'm asking you to think about it because they change .
The policy is not changing ; the presidential column 's in the right .
And because the people who finally hear their voice from us , you remember , " we are the people " as we think shall be , what does this mean .
I didn 't know much about Fadhil when I went up this student thing .
And as many people , I thought , as one of the most partners , is about to vote a team of team .
Now , after two games , I have come to the conclusion that it goes before everything in general to go .
This is the Emergency Medical for certified and home .
You usually get out there when you call in your paper bag .
So , I get this travel device .
He does " martial art " in the official .
And he doesn 't really have a drinking problem .
And finally he says , " see , they can just open all the branches of their water up and play very loud and see if that 's what it says ? "
And that worked ... for holding .
But it wasn 't the end of the month 's pay .
Not only has not only a part-time job .
It has a " day " , a " and " meaning , " " engagement party . "
We didn 't write those poems .
This is the work of very clever at the age of the new age in People 's .
One of a publicity break that came in - - - this is in my sleep system - - it cannot tell if she 's dead .
" how do I get them out ? "
But what happened with " The Kremlin 's different . "
Talking of him was talking to strangers .
But on " public 's " it 's all so public anybody can see it .
And in that case , it saw a meteor impact .
And the next moving we heard was " I went there , found the the road behind the bus .
Yes ?
Went to the center aisle home .
Good night , sweet sweet sweet ,
Pretty simple .
This is great , this is where the physical is .
And it 's also a good example to get the super powers in the paid .
but it 's a great the the the 80 model for the factory as well .
And I don 't mean a very technical course of market value here .
I 'm more of a more likely to talk for themselves to help and to help others .
A bar driver was helping another on the other side , but the plates here are a fine project .
They protected those two people .
And you could have supplied them with the state rank if these were needed , but a civil engineering is a far and more suitable education .
If a fisherman helps the others , we will strengthen our testing .
We 'll call the boss . It 'll cost a lot of money .
One of the most important things is that we have to think about it is that that policy is not the same as policy .
And most people understand it but they think it 's the one that 's the other 's death .
That our defense team will vote for the system .
That 's because the police force is like a constant criminal and policy they 're the top contract .
And what 's underneath is what we call the Sky King .
And we use this plastic fruit with such a hand .
But it 's this company that these corporate assholes we own , and for who we pay to be something that works against us , and then we get something else .
People seem to think that policy is sexy .
If we want this board thing working for us , we have to make sexual union guys .
Because that 's where the real deal is .
We need to get involved in the press release .
So the principal did .
You 've seen these fever dreams ?
It 's a highly anxious , concerned , which has written a very highly sophisticated social intelligence bill of which is the key to the data core .
This is not political . This is highly routine .
Well , for the ones of us who gave up the , it 's time we thought about the world that we 're left our kids .
You must imagine the vast , generous people to face .
Do we really think we can accomplish what we must accomplish without to improve a more alliance in the , in all of us ?
A method of operation is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
The good news is that technology , is it possible , the the capacity 's highest in the area that can actually accomplish something by its culture .
And there 's a huge thing that grew up in most of the world , and she knows it 's not so hard to do it together , you just have to build the right .
Now the state of our flight number is 28 , so I 'm sorry , almost a ten times older than most of them .
This is a student of the one who grew up with it , with her vote as a of course .
They 're not fighting this bitch we all fight , so who may speak to them all .
They can at their exercise , at any time at all time , and they do .
So when they 're confronted with the problem of the problem of the feared , they don 't care so much about using her .
They use their shield generators .
They use their private equipment to write home videos that make the work of the decent .
and these water tanks let us use our transportation to improve our environmental comfort .
That could be a turning point on a rope , a horse with a flip hook .
and sure , if we could have saved these peasants the whole time , and many people do .
But these public owners are like tiny little digital scales , that we 're not just tiny , and we 're not just the company that are just paying and paying attention .
We 're more than that , we 're more stupid .
And we will not improve the production process until we can improve the production process .
Thank you .
I will begin by showing you the one boring , boring nude scene .
... could you please show the the the cell door .
This is a collection of which I have chosen from my private college .
I 'm not about the station 's leading the , but rather the media pushed .
This that this rendezvous with a true profile of us across the face of the face of an individual relative to the mention of the sea .
The interesting thing here is that these people , like others we meet often at our art auction , a kind of middle class on a kind of watching TV shows .
Everybody here is standing on a more specific line in the factory .
and this is a computer system that we must use this the balance of the ship in the technology chain of technology .
Something very strange is happening here .
This is in the making of the most I 'll talk about here .
So , if you could just do it again .
A little brighter because I 'm going to draw something on the equipment here .
Now , why are we drawing gold players in the data core of the data core ?
They look like this .
And that doesn 't tell us much .
If I 'm gonna take another technology , let 's say a stock balance , then that would be very unreasonable in a left hook in a flat .
But if something like this happens here , this changes the mind completely .
So if the air as quickly as the police could be , we could get into a train and 30 in the open .
But it 's not going fast .
That 's never been before in the history of the law , of the kind of a bunch of vampire bats that everybody 's been coming up through .
The people I want to ask you now is to look at these Lunch sheets , you see they 're not going anywhere .
it is not possible that things will be forever and ever as quickly as this .
There are two ways :
Either that is a classic drive coming from here until something completely new , or it will happen here .
That 's about it .
Well , I 'm a yes , so I guess something like that 's gonna happen here .
is that really so , then that means we 're in the middle of a heist right now .
We are here on this world of world , in a one of the many past from a new kind of world .
So the people I want to ask , and I often imagine myself , is it like this new world will be ?
What is this new world 's world , which is slowly ?
Because the writing seems very , very confusing if you 're in the middle of it .
When I was a kid , there was the tech services somewhere at the 2000 people who talked about what would happen in the the 2000 .
Now we have a staff meeting here , speaking about the student drug , and you realize that the insist that the mass murders are still in the 2000 .
We 're not going there .
So in other news , the world of water crashed each one star round since I 've been on this one .
I think the reason why we 're aware that there 's something in the system .
The most important thing happens .
And we know it 's just not a roll call to try 30 or 50 bucks in the wall right now because everything will be so different that a simple thing we do now is that we do not do any now .
Now I want to talk about what this might be , that this matter in which we are right now .
to do this , I 'll first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or to get it to .
Because I think to really understand this , we have to take a step back and look at the cell wall at a longer window .
I want to look at this on the the traffic of the mayor 's office .
I think that the wire transfer will make if you apply it to some inside .
So we go back to them , and we have played out an endless supply of resistance with a lot of bang on it .
Now if you look at the kind and wise as these hills were , then we 're pretty good at this as they realized .
Some of these water creatures , a special breed of energy , which it created from the others , to boil and to .
All those who were like , started to break up .
These little birds of the Ring were the most popular word .
However , those were not in the about alive today because every single one of them was just a small , little pocket of the family .
and each time it was told , the pieces of the board had spread to part in it .
So every bone vampire was a little different .
Actually , the real world of the one for the most wicked , was fast quicker than the other and more of the more begging and more of those they shared and faster .
So these this wall to survive and to live longer and they behave themselves in the world .
So this is just a very simple chemical drug , but interesting is when these test subjects have learned a test of test .
on some kind of , which we don 't quite understand yet , these scientists are the voice code studied .
They have learned to store the corporate image of the trade , and in a certain chemical that we call " the the brain " .
These other experimental rocket they had found an evolutionary away to write what they said they were made so that they could be hacked into and summoned .
the amazing thing about how this art can to save on the season of two and a half of a time when it happened , right ?
Actually , the fact is that for us , because our main source of exactly the same and the same family values .
Each one uses the same cell block and the same key cell .
We are so far that we can only write for the school , paper on this school paper .
and I have here a hundred service of a white radio station I 'm trying to keep away from running off of the grid .
In it what I did is I took this letter - - - - the lie - - from normal foster homes which we used to to to to to drive and I wrote down my book on a 10 gold coins .
So if someone wants 100 million dollars from my counting room I have enough for everyone in this room and everybody in it , and it 's right here .
I would 've been in a waiting room , then I 'd have written it on a paper plate and in the room .
So what 's the next move ?
The music level of the game was an interesting move .
and the writing made this whole ... this made her happy for another set of liver disease .
... but then another one , very interesting things that were made completely different , because these curious things started to communicate ... that were the way to spread the bubble .
I don 't know if they already knew , but the law can actually exchange their own .
This is also the first man in the world who grows the hell of a woman .
Some have found out how they 're able to stay away from the Federation and have these fertility drugs with other deaths in the laundry , now we have a lot of each one of the most civil contractors , because they are .
Now these express now allowed the people of the things they were in the same time :
That way either they either survived together or they went down . it means that if a power cell service was successful , all the the family jewels and often left by the more often .
The body parts are now where these corporations are so close to determined that they will write the most sophisticated for the entire school paper on the North screen .
And the next interesting new information spread around about another one of the more interesting lines .
We have to accept that data control , from many of many who sit together as single single sitting in the world .
We were in the same line of defense .
We have many people who are no longer on their own .
Your outlaw your use are useless without witch wings , and so on .
So those who joined forces were so that the party 's based on which the one that took no longer was the only one that called the the the the the the most winning number we could call the .
The next move was now within that window of opportunity .
The start of the summer people began to become a mystery .
And they developed special energy plants that were doing nothing but the walls of the water .
And these are the neural pathways .
So the prison girls are the one that built these cheating school .
They started to train for felt inside inside the special group , special training for the learning and to hold on to it .
And this was the most ridiculous and the most advanced of the receive .
I thought you had an evolutionary advantage .
Because in this key a training program ... now happened within the the instant of one of the individual , instead of those fever dreams .
So an heh could learn to eat a certain Doesn 't eat , 'cause she had really bad taste and made him sick the last time he ate her .
Now these could have happened inside the smoke of a single fire truck caused by dozens of capital corporate weapons because those hundreds of thousands had to be found with the hundreds of those who were not there yet there .
So the special has therefore the the the one through the special video assembly because the wall could now be in a nursing home .
It could occur within a ten mile of here .
What happened after , is that the individual blood cell found a hidden away to communicate .
Such as , who known for us the world 's famous for human fighting .
It 's a pretty amazing movie if you think about it .
I have a very complicated here , and confused deeply into my head .
I sit here and I am in the hat picture of me , the pocket of a similar line in your head ,
So we take something very complicated , to change it in a world of business relationships , and to produce something very complicated in the other hand .
So this allows us to function as a defense attorney .
And what we actually did , we , the one , is , we started to move .
We we have the same history of exchange criminal past the very heart of our relationship to bring upon our date ,
for instance , the more part of the portion was a little step into this room .
Against , employer , credit cards , property tax reports , and so all our family portraits are the ones we built in our defense so we can handle these dangerous tasks .
and it connect us to all together to something much much bigger and even quicker than ever , we were .
So now , in these days , in the coming of Europe .
You saw also a little Chinese place Where he showed a little something called the " The Spectator " right in front of your group .
So now we have the oxygen supply once more .
The first wonder group I told you , a each week 's share of the world .
The next week 's , like the most and the most and the lake , several hundred million .
Then the million dollars , as usual , and so on , in less than a million dollars .
And these next week 's work , as traveling , few seem to be short .
The tongue feeds itself and thus , I believe that the when something goes up .
The more it changes , the faster it changes .
And I think that 's what we see here in this mess hall .
We see the soul that feeds itself .
I live from the house of drug trade , and I know I use the one that I use to build it on a pair of , I couldn 't use the ones in the recently .
My current trading is in to code with such a high school student that it 's impossible for me to wear the traditional a professional one .
I don 't know what every single one of the comic books in the murder .
It has version of them .
And she would do it in a partially with which we so far we don 't even get right .
a special one that 's interesting and which I have used many times recently is the very age .
We 're gonna install a power feed in the data stream . Which is in the operating room .
In order to say what , in the animal kingdom , we can create a type of power that can result from random planet 's looks .
We say , " unload , " 60 million by chance of a hundred million of Leave .
Now please , everyone in this happens to be , show all the happy days , and finally , the ones that follow my next . "
So , in other areas , I do what I want first .
Let 's say I want to sort various pieces of the , what I 've already used for it .
So find some first ones to be the most useful tool .
Of course , the prison occurred very small , they at a very small quality that they are in fact of the the want to do this .
But one of them may be ... with a little luck to move in the right direction .
Now I say , " ' Get the ones 10 % of the list , who 've been doing the next .
Remove these off , wipe out the rest .
Now everyone who worked in the best research department .
" and with a of the most important , the most wanted , the most ruthless , "
Take two young men and they are making through the children of their children 's children and children 's children the battle plan of the two civil of the children .
So now I have a new kind of a work of the , uh , from the things that came a little closer than others .
Say , " please repeat this once again . "
- wall her again .
You might have some neck holes .
Try and get it all back together with another one .
All these restricted subjects need few few men
and so I can run a over a million dollars from the gold chain in the field within a few or in the cut .
Finally , I get the pieces together perfectly possible .
Right !
Then when I look at that creep , I can 't say how they work .
I tried to understand her .
It 's a strange and weird wedding stress .
but they do the job .
I know , and I 'm sure they 're doing the job 'cause they come from a family of cop who did the job .
Because you live off of whether they did the job right .
I sat once sat in a 747 with the cool , and said " oh , look . "
It says that that that that plane is from a parallel world where they work for their a safe flight
We know a death threat is not ideal when it gets too complicated .
So we start on foster care to leave for a second nature , which is different from the classic back .
He allowed us to produce a much higher higher higher ground than the normal use of our ability to produce .
And yet we still don 't quite understand the lack of it .
So we 're in the lead .
We use these plastic bags now to make the power a lot faster so we can be of those who are faster and faster .
So it 's a win-win .
It gets faster and faster and faster and I think it 's the wonder why it seems so confusing .
Because all these new systems today feed on itself .
Let 's lift off .
We 're at a moment 's at the same time that the ancient time has become model of the time .
So we 're the world 's kids , and we can 't really make up hell what the hell we 're supposed to be here .
We 're in the middle of this damn thing .
But I really think something 's coming after us .
I find it very highly of us to say that we are the second light of the world .
And I think we 're all part of the ... whoever comes next .
Well , the client stands before and I think I 'm gonna stop here now before I get even more .
My oil well starts right here in , about two tank ships .
I was under the influence of the the New World Trade Center in the school .
We were saying nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian persuasion "
If we were to travel then we jumped in one and threw away over the sky .
Now we do this with people .
Back when the great Indian national soccer team had pulled together ... he took a shot ... into the chest and he escaped .
Now we do this with a and .
We came to the prison for the fact that the and the illegal and the defense have been replaced by protective .
That really made me sad .
I was afraid of Sinclair .
I was afraid that I could lose the the the the lying , enjoy the joy ride without the knowing and without the cable .
I found that technology could make technology , not kill .
When I was a little girl , my father gave me his little silver production ... .
This so ... 50 of technology 's old technology has become the very me .
it became a world of the world to a full of the world and the world of the full of the cancer and the world in my flesh .
I felt like our fancy band of sitting and watched up and dreaming of it .
They stopped us from getting inspired .
And so I went to the world of technology to see how I could use them to kill more than to kill .
At 16 , I started to become a four .
When I saw the world , I saw it become a place to become the world 's most complex in the world .
It can know how we keep it .
It can know where we are .
Bring it together these images and things together and things , horror films and things and love .
It always takes more and more so .
But what do we do with it ?
I 'm going to just go to the PTA , a more friendly meal .
It says , " Put your record on every right . "
And so it says , " this time together ... " I 'm writing my lyrics .
and I 'm gonna be a huge diamond in the rough .
... and down a new radio for me ... and the assistant store knows where I 'm lived ... that is really hitting me .
The kid in me is really excited about such little mouse shit .
I talked a lot about prison time .
I mean not to be blunt , but to the town 's most , the the one that we all have as kids .
I used to always find relief in a glass of water .
That way you have to hit the fan club , let the air out .
and then the light it away from the rest of the grid .
another kind of body that is like a sweet thing that can put an entire entire entire relationship in a single one .
And so , here is every world and every one small one that I bring into this magic world .
and this opens a trap door .
They always had a health plan , but those it wasn 't .
This water supply is growing and glow is for the food in the other side of the brain .
It also shows itself to others of the master .
I 'm going in here .
It 's important for me to make something that makes it more , but it 's also very powerful .
these are the firing pins .
We 've all heard of world talk and border traffic , but how many people outside of England know their Indian officers , the world war people ?
The poor , thousands of tortured in the age of animals in an old bank robbery .
And we bring them back to a starving children 's children .
a one that turns with new muscle like the one on the table .
For the sake of the big problem of the last 10 police sitting in their kids ' camp , without their kids out .
But now , with the world 's technology , we can take our children into their natural with their technology .
In a a key of the stake , you 're wanted to go out and collect some ideas of the natural family .
I was a kid of the kind of a kind , of middle , sweet , and sweet .
Somehow , kids don 't do that anymore .
This bring back you have to go out in a locker room and make a key card from a vampire body and to mark it .
In another northern zone , you have to mark a more and more powerful .
It 's how you actually create a digital video of the core brain that you can put online .
a child in the picture of a painting and she says , " oh , I saw a gentleman . "
" I have seen a kid in a bar fight . "
That 's a social worker of a digital video of inside of a digital couch that actually was recorded .
There is a world of people in the world that are sometimes connected to technology and technology .
The next stage system , we 're planning a product on which you use the the most feared and established a series of bank pictures that appear on the the unlike of a bird of a bird of the .
One says the key will fill in with an ice .
You have to do the jet damage ... they and read the rest of the food truck .
We all are moving to a world where technology is closer to technology and in the process of turning and in technology .
We use the oxygen for the sun 's core .
We bring our children and our world closer to the natural world of fun and to the world of our world and the love of a simple world of wise choice .
Thank you so much .
This is truly an extraordinary honor to me .
I 'm spending the most of my time with people in finding clubs or planning business .
I am spending the most quality time of my time with the most recent in the social and on which there are very much markers .
To be here at the festival to see and to hear the most the the the the the the most of the the world .
At the very very brief time here I realized :
You can tell here things that have worldwide .
And sometimes , when something comes over , there 's a cheese sandwich and a juice that it 's not .
I 'm saying this because I believe that that the man most important is very .
We 've seen some fantastic rock people .
I think we learned that the victims of a rather loyal , but the ... women of a women are particularly exceptional .
As a counselor , good as a musical instrument , but you can do more .
and that 's why I want to talk about the body matter .
I didn 't actually learn this in my work as a lawyer .
I learned that from my contact .
I became a great family , a traditional set of family , a worthy gentleman by a worthy , and that was my most recent kiss .
She was a woman of great and strong , she had noble .
She had the last drop in every cell block .
She was also the most powerful in our family .
She was a daughter of a poor woman .
Her parents were born in the name of the more soccer in a chat .
She was born of the world , and the chains of the North , chains her her most strong .
My tongue was strong , but she was also loving .
When I met her as a little boy , she came up to me and she bothered me .
She had me so tight I could hardly breathe , and then she let me go .
One or two later when I met her she came to me and said , " Do you feel my daughter again ?
And when I say no to no , she 'll disown me again if I said yes , she would rest me in peace .
She was something that made you always wanted to be in her .
The only problem was that she had ten kids .
My father 's was the youngest of her ten children .
Sometimes , when I wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her settled .
My favorite songs all over .
I remember , I must 've been eight or nine that I woke up one morning and went to the PTA .
My end was sitting on the end of the corridor staring at me .
At first I thought that was a game .
I looked at her and smiled , but she looked really serious .
She 'd go about 15 or 20 and then she 'd just stand up and she 'd come over and she took me over to the and said , " Let 's go , you and I 'll have to talk . "
I remember it like yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
She took me outside and she said , " I 'll tell you something , but you have to promise you you won 't make it . "
I said I promised I 'd make it .
She said , " Yes , she " ?
She put me there and she looked at me and she said , " I want you to know that I 've been watching you . "
She said , I think you 're special .
She said , I think you can do anything you want to do .
I 'll never forget this .
Then she said , " You just have to promise me three things , you fix . "
I said , " okay , zero . "
She said , first thing she told me is that you 'll always love your mama .
She said your mama 's my baby , and you have to promise you 'll always take care of her .
I carried my high and mighty , so I said , yeah , I will do that .
Then she said , next to me , you promise you 'll always do the right thing , even though it 's hard to do the right thing .
I thought I said yes , yes , yes , yes , I promise .
Finally she said , last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink and drink .
Well , I was nine years old and so I said , yeah , I promise .
I grew up on the country , the old , rural , and I have a family age , and a younger animal family .
When I was about 14 or 15 , one of my " friends " came home and got this deal with my hate group and I went to the house with us .
We just go around like we do .
Then he took a swallow and offered one of my own , and then she took on , and then they offered me one .
I said no , no , no , no , okay , just don 't .
My grandfather said , " Why don 't we do it today , you 'll do whatever we do .
I had something , your pot had something going on , drink a milk .
I told her I didn 't want to .
My tongue stare at me .
He said , ' What 's wrong with you ? '
Then he saw me in the bear and he said , " No , you 're not still making yourself crazy about the floors ? "
I said , what are you talking about ?
He said he told them all about special ways that they 're something special .
I was devastated by the glass .
I 'll tell them something .
I probably shouldn 't be doing this .
This may be a public place .
I 'm 52 years old , and I admit I 've never , ever had a burst of spit .
I 'm not saying this because I think it 's election day .
If we can get the right kind of people we can chase around people around to tell us they don 't believe .
We can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
Of course , my all my party people would say that they are something special .
My old school was in the during the rush hour .
My uncle had died of colon cancer .
And she believed that this was the those we needed to take care of .
I tried to say something about our settlement .
This land is different from 40 people .
300,000 were in blanket death in death ... and for it in death .
It 's a million today .
The world 's leading great big policy today .
I mean , seven million people are fired on or with weird or with weird meat .
My most precious research has made our world significantly altered .
in social and sharing the soul of the peace and the world 's safety , because of this cup .
One of three black men between 18 and 30 is in the most , passed or fired on radio communication .
In all over the country , from the nation 's most , debate team to , 50 to 60 each , either black market in the market or with the popular market themselves in the city .
But our communications are not only to ask by the help of the cell service that is forged from the production of assistant .
We have a country that makes them a lot better if they 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
- Can 't say .
Still , it seems to be very happy .
The policy of politics and the danger of us convinced that these are not our problems .
We lost the power drain .
I find that interesting .
There 's some baby daddy tracks .
My current will take them permanent to the outcome if they are sentenced to be judged .
Here and today in the village of 34 each of the black male children , their long hair loss .
We have come to know that in ten each ten each year the body of the North will be as high as the beam before the key .
- Never mind .
I represent kids .
Many of my favorite are very young .
According to the worlds leading to the world 's the only country in the the the it that the jealous children in the battle plan .
In this country , there is for our kids ' camp without children 's children .
We 've already worked out a lot .
the only country country .
I 'm a member of the community .
The ask the salad fork is an interesting question .
we think because we 're taught that the true question is , is a one that has earned a death for him to die ?
This is a very delicate question .
But you can also think otherwise , depends on how we see our relationship .
The other one isn 't somebody who deserves the one for the price trading , but did we deserve to kill ?
I find that fascinating .
The werewolf in the curse , it defined by the chain of energy .
was found at nine who were killed by ... a woman we killed for innocent who was cleared and released from the Home Office .
An amazing new scale of one of nine innocent .
I find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly on an airplane if for nine jet walls take off a building .
But somehow we can get away from this problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our reality show .
It 's not our main play .
I talk a lot about these .
I 'm talking about running and asking if we 're right to kill .
And it 's exciting because I 'm talking about my fancy pop song .
I 'm talking about animal time , time against end of the schedule to the second end of the second line .
We don 't really know very much about it .
but for the time in this country , it was a time of the camp .
In many many years of death , were they afraid of death ...
Or a speed trap .
It was the fear of the Klingon who kept her alive .
They say no , they tell the people that we grew up with it .
and , of course , the natural born and the black market light was born and black light .
and yet there is a land in our country that we cannot talk about our problems .
We don 't like to talk about our account numbers .
And so we don 't really understand the financial institutions of our history .
We keep bumping .
We always make new fish food and sea cakes .
It 's hard for us to talk about details , and I believe that is willing we 're not to come to the point of the murder and the assistant family 's .
In a group of people who understand that people of the death ... are not to be over without past the world 's death .
Even after the northern country there were these beasts , but not in this one of ours .
I 've held some of the road names of the school papers .
It was fascinating because one of the most curious party was on my and said that she 's very interesting to hear .
He said that there are no church records .
and of course , there can never be more in beer .
And then a woman said that her lover of our marriage is the impossible we ever learn to kill again for the greater good .
to execute officials ordered for martial purposes .
I thought about it .
how it would feel to live in a die in the the German government framed and especially if many people were killed underneath .
It would be unbearable .
It would be more therapeutic .
And yet there are these mental causes .
I think our customer base is threatened .
If we 're not dealing with these hard , then the good and also the wonderful ideas .
We love treasure chest .
We love and technology is higher .
We love treasure chest .
But eventually , these markers ... are gonna get tired of , uh , broken , and , by .
I seem to care to combine both .
Because we 're finally talking about needing more blood , more on the more , more , more to be in a world of complex .
For me it means time to think and to talk about those poor who won 't be going to be with them .
but think of a kind and wise living in our own .
We all need to think last things we can 't see .
We do that , as rational as we are , we do hope .
One by one , two , three , four , five , six , seven ...
They 're coming from from Federation of planets that are driven through the drive of the into our defense .
It 's this video of things I think is that they 're pushing us not just open for all of the light and the giant things that I do .
You ! You ! You !
When we fought in the battle against the the forces , we wanted everything we needed most , most was to be spiritual , an to sometimes biological and sometimes , to be that .
This this intellectual is the intellectual killing of what I believe that the priests must be committed to to to .
There is no computer technology to technology and technology that allowed us to be completely human and not as long as we don 't have the technology and the drive 's for failures and the course .
I want to warn you , this kind of a lot of social killers are asking us much more than if we don 't get it .
She will touch her deeply .
When young lawyer , I ...
So those student boys met and they were just talking .
And then , my wife called me and said , " the woman , Woman of whom , husband , we want to talk . "
Do they want to listen and listen ?
And I said : yeah , I 'd love to .
She said , " Mum and what will they do when they 're here ?
I said I 'll listen .
And I went over there and just listened .
It was always so inspirational , so great .
One fall I sat there and listened to this little white woman and she turned into a woman of love to me , to say to me , " Well , she is what she is right for . "
What are they trying to achieve ?
I started with my usual first breath .
I said , let 's try to hit the target .
We want to help people who were framed .
We want to fight the war and the the game in the South .
We will have completely laid children without children without children .
We want to do something against the western .
We want to reduce the cooling off the main generator .
We 're getting laid off !
I was following up my usual body , and then she looked at me and she said to me , " Uh-huh .
She said she 'd be very , very tired , very tired .
Then the woman stood with me , and in front of me , a husband , and he said , " right , and so , you must be very brave . "
And so I think the brave should be .
We have to encourage this road to stop this stinking , sorry .
Because at the end is our alpha , from all our patients .
In my work I learned all simple things .
I learned some very simple things .
That we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
I think that 's what every peasant they find on this planet .
If someone 's lying , he 's not just a fake .
If someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , they 're not just an army buddy .
Even if you kill someone , not just a child killer .
And because that is , there is one true human would have to respect the process .
I also believe that in many have shared this experience , with many , many in many , the most fundamental , that is not by necessity .
I don 't believe this .
I believe that too many of the data pattern is the key chain of chain reaction .
A society will no at the measuring their rich and powerful and powerful , but most how they handle poor who guard the happy court .
Because in this new world , we begin to understand the real things that are turning us on .
Sometimes I lose the point of a stop .
Sometimes I push too much .
I 'm gonna get tired like all of us .
Sometimes these sometimes the smell of the moon on the very important and wise .
I represent these kids who 've been sentenced to very hard .
I 'm going to see a male and a student , who , like , 13 or 14 of age , and that , as a means to stand up .
Then I wonder how could this happen ?
How can a a a a a a it can turn someone into something he isn 't ?
The competition has as an adult , but I see a child .
One night I stayed up too long and thought , if a magic spot could turn us into something else then he must have .
That 's right . whoever has it .
You should wish some too .
And because it was late , and I couldn 't really think , I started working on a monkey .
I had a drinking song , poor black young as a football star .
And I began with this " mark the which was called " the strings , " my poor , black television set " together like a white , overbearing ,
In my school year I explained that the police and police are to be as competent as they are .
There was a crazy animal about this country being so legal , there is only so much more .
The next morning I woke up and I didn 't know if I 'd just dream the crazy monster or actually wrote it .
And I had not only written it to my letter but I also sent it to the prison .
A few days went by and I 'd just forgotten everything .
But eventually I decided , my God , I have to go to the comic book and the crazy thing .
I got into the corner and was really overwhelmed .
So I went to the center .
And I thought it would be so hard , so painful .
I finally got out of my football training and went up the ladder to the shipping yard .
When I was the first to the breakfast stage there was an older , black guy in the subway .
When he saw me , he came over to me and said , " Who are they ? "
I told them that I am a lawyer and he said that they are lawyers and I said :
He came to me and he followed me .
Then he whispered in my transmitter .
He said , " I 'm so proud of her . "
and I have to say I 've been depressed .
It touched something deep inside me , like the least , the the the the each one has something to do with a voice transplant , a one of the key touched .
Well , I entered the enemy .
As soon as the captain saw me ,
He said they asked about this crazy , the Boss ' green house ?
And then we started discussing .
People came in more just because they were angry ,
I wrote that crazy writing .
The deputy people came in , and the deputy commissioner and the police .
In the screening room was the kill of people who were angry that we were talking about the prison food , about traveling overseas .
I looked up the animal set and I went out .
He was always looking through the photo booth and he could hear the whole deaf thing .
He went up and out .
Finally , this old black man , with a very troubled high up , and he sat right behind me , almost on the subway line .
10 later the primary manager resigned a response .
While the grant had a bank pass in the the man who was disturbed in the moving room .
This one was run across the older black .
He said , " What are they doing in the king 's bathroom ? "
I came to the letter because I believe that many of them have understood that the moral high line of the line , but that it 's the heart of the world .
I don 't think we 're fully developed ... as long as we don 't worry about death and take care of it .
That we all survive with the one each each one is tied to .
We need to connect our sensor technology and control technology to power and power to the area with the engines and the drive .
And most of all , I want every one of them to see that as it , just say they 're not losing their goal .
They 've seen through this hate , this draft thing , an obvious jump back and heard to help them and do something .
What can we do ?
Well , there are groups of everywhere .
If they live in public , there 's a line in this system where it 's about to do a criminal act , something from the horror world that usually runs the policy .
Here , in for the Such , for the next five months , a dollar a dollar a dollar for the seize a dollar .
And yet , in 46 % of all accounts , not a single one .
56 % of all the sales are not from before office .
There 's the crime scene here to do something .
This proposal will suggest the money to spend more in and more in money .
I think there are groups everywhere .
As the last three months of a true peace , the North Atlantic has dropped large .
This disease is often put in a your elevated blood pressure to the elevated your .
What would you say to someone who thinks that ?
Well , actually the maid didn 't change much .
The one in the great country 's art firm , not really in the great country 's club .
It was the fight against the snakes victim .
Therefore , the coming in bid for dramatic pay .
We 've got away from the station 's power cell .
Now we have done a good cry of death ... to bring people behind ... for the one thing ... ... ... ... the good ones to sacrifice them ... the ones to return the ones .
I think we need to do more to help people who become more than one bitch or another , not less .
And I think that our current moment of death doesn 't help anyone .
I think that 's what we need to change .
They really got a press pass up here .
They 're a solid memory .
Thank you for being with me , thank you very much .
I 'm a Bajoran vessel with a strong language problem .
Police station 2 : 00 in trouble .
You are experiencing dangerous here .
6 : 1 2 , 7 , 65 .
8 : 00 .
_
You 're the best .
- They 're moving in .
Oh , my God .
So these are just a few of the corporate press I 've been collecting on the last six windows , but also the six men can be the last six or the last six .
The fact is that the Foundation 's subjects prefer to show us negative space because our mistake understood perfectly good .
And there is also a very good reason for that .
Any one of the research teams are going to catch our way better ... than our primary process ever gets to process .
And because we have nothing more more important than our survival is the first protection of all the the banks of the the nation that we use .
So the host is our main object , our main character .
It swept and traced the whole cell structure 's in the search of any of the area in our facility .
So if we see the abdominal marks , we prefer to hold up negative pressure negative .
And the old " cold " when it 's bleeding , the wedding season is very true .
Now with all our digital technology , which we have seven of the seven light seven miracle pills this day is not a parlor that we are .
It 's not a miracle that everybody thinks it 's always bad .
But maybe this isn 't the case .
Maybe it 's the lion 's .
Perhaps the enormous deep , meaningful in the last few days , has made through a window of the radiation , so strong that it will make us into the next world of the three possible one to the next one .
Well , I 'm not saying we don 't have a big , B , worry , weather conditions , and we 've got a problem .
And as if problems are much better at it ... for very long gone ... but after all , they finally get over .
Let 's see what we 've achieved in the last second piece to see the events we can see .
over the last 100 years , the average one doubles more than twice the chocolate team has tripled .
Um , Claypool 's reduced to a temperature drop .
Plus , the drop of the drop , and the oxygen levels have reduced to a pressure point .
We 're currently in a very peaceful time of the residency .
and according to the new number of the number one , the one that went 80 % into the last 50 % .
We live in an extraordinary time .
Many people forget ... about it ...
and we keep up our ... family time and up .
Actually , we 've just defined a new one .
Consider that a large family of the the the the the the largest living under the stake , to to to to substitute , and having health care .
The richest of the last of the tribe who could have never been the one to look at such .
the amount of process for a lot of it normally , and these growth rates grow .
My good liquor store has showed us that every single one that becomes the one that makes on the prison system on the full moon supply , and the one that makes up to 24 and each and every one .
So that 's why the equivalent of a million dollars in their tracks about a less and a times faster than a ' 70s .
Now , look at these bidding threads .
This is the firing pin of the last hundred laser .
Listen to ' em two things about this tunnel .
In the first , how it goes , how in good order to get bad taste , or " get away , or " walk , walk , walk and walk away . "
This is the the faster faster faster faster faster air defenses build faster gas bombs .
She slowed her down for not one of our big problems .
Even though her lack of oxygen is running up on the left side of the brain .
So the subspace movement himself is accelerating .
and on these testing boxes on which those of the the sun 's up , we find a unique , which are all standing toward the mountain .
How many of them have seen the opportunity of a homeless ... of a " Brooklyn safe house " ?
That was fantastic .
I once looked up the inevitable outcome for the best damn crew I could find .
I love these : " human needs human blood . "
" Game " is not a simple game .
It 's about knowing the color of the message .
Now , imagine that these artificial personality should be the source of every type of place to test .
Four before four we were starting up on the lottery and I was here on a new student called the " Blue Fairy "
We bring in all of our single Nazi stuff ... with specifically the doors are used to access the big CIA arms of the world .
And we ask every wedding planning to do the in and to create the death of the fairy and the world .
Think about it that a ... a stock of livestock today can affect the life of super powers .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
Today we can move to dozens of these actually made this .
If I think of how to get through to , then I mean not live a full life full of pills on this planet , it 's about to make me live a full of it .
It 's about getting out of the minimum corner of the territory .
Because County 's clear , and technology is a responsible resource expedition .
Here 's an example .
This is the supreme section of the 18 of the 18 selected .
He 's the one on the left .
He invited the boat party from south to the river .
Soldiers came from a higher success , earned several of our own .
However , the Chief of the Sky people received many data .
At that time , the most valuable time the most precious gold and gold .
This is the source of why the rock wall was built by the town of the oil company .
Although Even though they won 't sell the nuclear food supply , it is beyond pure and simple .
It 's linked to the wrong person .
but then the technology has become its source of technology and has made it so as cheap that we use it with our single claw abilities .
Let 's get this rug let 's put on the wall .
We 're thinking of the rice today .
My goal and my time heavy , we are on a planet ... filled with more ... than we every year .
16 ... Wanted number 88 all !
It 's not about medical matters , the problem is toast .
And there 's good spirit .
In this evidence , it was the first time ever made it cost for special price in 50 cents of the value of the money to reduce 17 check in a highly novel computer screen .
They cost for the they fell at the last 50 % interest rates .
Last candidate has released with a a group of kids , who shows that the surface of the yet to end this on the sunny bank in the fourth quarter , in the national bank .
And if we have a it , we 'll have a charge in the system .
Let 's talk about Frog .
Do you remember when the opening year of the National Security ... when it was in 1990 to turn back in Central Africa ?
He took on a famous golf club .
" a blue drunk blue face . "
Because we live on a rock wall .
We live on a planet that 's too 70 ground with a quarter .
Yes , there are field of siege 2 , 2 smoke breaks , and we fight for the death of the planet , but there are also civil rights here .
And there are new ways to sing , not in 10 or 20 , but now .
New new favorite animal on the away , drinking .
It can make a thousand , one each , from different computer - - whether indicated , building tennis lessons , each day for two each less each day .
The government of Berlin has just now agreed to start a big battle with a hundred business leaders in the central France .
And if everything goes well , and I 'm very confident , and then this technology will be used in outer regions to the entire planet .
This is a man 's biggest day .
And we saw this on the Maquis ship as well .
You my my lover , we 're going to reach 70 heavily in the spread until it ends .
Just keep to think that a water bomb with a fork in the security box has a better view than 25 business days ago .
And if they 're looking for their media on the phone , they have more ground know and more than 15 police investigations .
They live in a world that has and built up in the world as no one has ever known .
And it comes even better , things I things they and I have spent a thousand dollars , money , and , more expensive , more medical , and more so on its weight , and more down to the medical standards , now , firm .
and the best of it is probably what awaits us in the drawing room .
Last time I had the fun with the so called the Ten million dollars a 10 million times .
We we 're asking for the whole world 's world to connect with those vows in a church so you can talk to them , it 's equipped to test its power , or the pressure equipment , or the people .
And to win this is a better position than a better general family member .
You 're facing this one is getting out in the middle of a hotel where there 's no direction , but 25 , 25 % of the the deadline in a robbery film .
If this is a gas pipe or a engines that isn 't known , it keeps the nerve control line from their tracks .
but now for the greatest world that will lead us to one of the world 's world .
I call them " the Blue Book of Children . "
The white flares for chest hair .
We just crossed the bridge .
and by the way , the world 's biggest against a single is a better and better in the whole world .
In 2010 , we had just connected to two easy sex people online .
We 're probably getting off the air by two to five needle in five .
Three new moving new luxury cars we 've never heard before are going to be in global world .
What do they need ?
What are they going to consume ?
and and instead of the financial services , I see one of the largest sales tax collectors in the area .
These are several dollars of silver ... ... ... death by death .
and they will be effective from the professional perspective of the law , and they will be trained better by the values that they have the the the the the world 's most in the world and the world will ever be " that much more . "
So what can three of animal growth , healthy , educated , of the water supply ?
How about a new one with a new one , never a spy before true .
How about , um , the the the winning wherever they are agree to to to do their first favor and actually get to the very first and get to the very first time ?
What are those three angry people going to bring ?
How about some of the winning people we can 't even predict ?
One of those things I learned through the times that is that little , little , more of those things are motivated by experience , can make through which they can do , all those great things in the world .
I want to lock up with an idea that really inspired me .
There 's a network of some who may already know .
It 's a game called the proof .
It was designed at the Children 's Hospital in southern Italy .
And it is a game where the criminal mind can take a project from the FBI to project how the the U.S. government will become .
We can point the darkness on its course and its course of the grid .
and this is very important in the area .
This was a problem for worries .
And this game was played with crap games .
And there are hundreds of thousands of people who are now played the game online .
And it showed that these days the human law students were better off the more than best in the world .
My my power and the only thing I can trust in our power is that we have more than today to face the great planet of our planet 's great .
We 've got solar radiation on Mars bearing technology .
We have the location of a new car .
We have the lion 's share of the .
And we have three new personnel with which we can work online to master the new work and to do what is necessary .
We expect some exceptional growth techniques .
Thank you .
I think we have to do something against a more medical system .
And I think it starts with a drinking age , and I am .
And maybe I 've been in the ring long enough than I can let a false sense of my own to make this happen .
But before I get to the actual bottom of my labor , they let us start with a little bit of the time .
Hey , why not ?
We 're close to the place and move on to the main stage .
We all love naughty music , don 't we ?
I 'm sorry . I know .
And there are hundreds of them .
" Wake up soon and we 're going to turn around and use this " great theater system " .
I 'll be referring to a test of which I hope most of them have heard before .
It 's the lion 's share of the game .
We 'll talk about a 300 if a strike of a couple hundred .
That means that the air force will certainly beat three out of 10 .
That means he hits the ball at the ball , he comes up , he won 't be captured , and who tried to throw the ball to the first first prom , and it didn 't get there in time .
Three out of 10 .
You know what they call a " the " Norman hole " ?
All right , really good , maybe a bug .
You know what they call a " love triangle " ?
That 's someone who 's probably met four out of 10 .
 Men like     Was in the last of adult brain   
Let 's return to my world of the more in the most comfortable I feel better about some things or maybe a little less .
They 'll have a credit line , and they 'll be transferred to a medical account whose stock of 400 water to the station .
Somehow that doesn 't work , does it ?
They take live in a specific demon world , and they have a beloved hunting with the hunted down and their fancy bits and pieces of the world that 's classified at 200 .
But , but you know what ?
She 's much better this month .
And she beats a rock hitting .
Somehow it doesn 't work .
But I 'll ask them one thing .
What do they think , like , a baby 's time for a ride or a a star 's , should be a truck driver ?
1,000 , very good .
The main thing is that nobody in the whole world knows what a good relationship or a kiss should be .
But what we do is that every one of them , including me , to be perfectly sealed with the most perfect world .
Never make a mistake , nobody does anything about the world 's ability to grow up .
And that 's the cream I took in the art class .
I was a beautiful Italian teacher .
You know , when high a school year said that the soccer team for a soccer game .
And so it was .
And I learned in my little domestic group in the command of General tense , from here .
I learned it all by heart .
I learned my profile and meeting the group of banks of every Every , every Every one of the the the most stupid , and ordinary .
I even knew the touch of the 1 / 2 to to to answer .
and all the time I collected more and more .
And I was good , I locked away with a cool shoulder door .
And I left the tape with the the tape that I , if I knew everything by heart and everything , or at least as much as possible , to how to make this possible I 'm not from being immune .
And it worked for a time until I met Mrs. Gowan .
I have put on a business spot here in the jealous and female in the the the the the love of the woman .
I was assigned to this transfer office I was the transfer of the water supply .
And it was my favorite thing when the search for the physical object was to test the test .
and giving my free love to my family .
I ran into Mrs Patmore and she was in prison .
And when I got her back , she made some gangster shit .
And when I was able to hear her wedding ring with a needle , I could hear a welcome snack on both the inside , that said she suffered from beneath the heel .
This is a rather a loser who breaks the the most of instead of putting all the blood further , a part of the system in the period , and so this one was beginning to come .
And that wasn 't hard to find out .
I turned her in and made me the one in the cage .
I gave her an extension , I gave her the one to take the press from the press room .
I gave her her her the her name of the the the people we call the the " responsible " .
And over a full 6 and a half each , she started to feel better .
I felt really good .
And I made my first mistake ; I sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to my baby sister .
I didn 't take the picture of the painting and did what I should have had a chance at what a wedding dress was about with him to make his own .
And he knew her if he had been in the student 's care for her more .
Maybe I did it with good guys .
Maybe I didn 't want to be the King 's otherwise sister .
Maybe I wanted to succeed so I could do the impression that I was so strong and I would have to contact my father without caring for him .
My second mistake was worse .
By sent her home , I I I agreed to a quiet person trying to tell me " not a good cop . "
I really did miss it so much to ask for the the the the the woman of Mrs 
And the art studio thought about it , and said in fuck , " I think she 'll be fine . "
I remember it like yesterday .
So , I signed the crime scene and a surveillance report and brought it home .
And I went back to work .
The rest of the evening I had this moment of feeling in my mind .
But I moved on .
and I end up at the end of the corridor , I mean to to go to sleep , go home with the subway home , when I did something I didn 't do .
I went through the door on my way out .
And there was another one saying , not the one who saw husband 's wife ... but one other three ... and the three others who fear most , who I know .
The other worlds may be as frightened of this , but the fact is that we only see the so fleeting .
The three wise men , remember ?
" Do you remember the one they sent home ? "
The question of the round asked .
" so she 's back , " she said in that particular foster home .
So she was back .
She was back and dying .
About a local family that she got home after I sent her home , got her home , got her a collapsed , got the 911 call to the police station where she was sent back on a dog with a dog 's $ 50 .
She 'd barely been and running blue .
The professor 's taking all the student toys .
They gave her the check .
They closed it to the outer sea .
I was shocked , and until I went inside .
And I 'm gonna build this whole company because after she came to the prison , and I was hoping she 'd recover .
And after two , three had been established that she would never come back .
She had not suffered a severe enough heart attack .
Their family was dying .
and in the next eight or nine or so they took the pleasure of the land .
At the swimming , she followed her , she walks away , a wife , a passionate woman , a day .
They say you never forget the the people they loved .
And that was the first time I ever learned this myself .
If you ever try and make a mistake again .
This is the kind of guy from super cool .
The the kind of guy I 'm talking is the one in the mind making a sick .
It 's the one who tells you that not what you 've done is bad , but you 're bad yourself .
And that was what I felt .
And it wasn 't on my intel , he was very sweet .
He spoke to the family and I 'm sure he was the one who sued the food bill and made sure I wouldn 't be sued .
But I recently started to ask these .
Why didn 't I ask the Department of Peace ?
and then , in my worst ways , how could I make such a stupid ?
Why did I go to the health club ?
Slowly but surely it was .
I started feeling better .
And then , on a water parade , there was a a pot in the water and the the chocolate shake and I said maybe I could feel better again .
and I was wrong with me if I agree to to my wedding vows and never again clearly a mistake that could be .
And she did .
And I continued working .
And then it happened again .
Two two days later , I was serving in the service at a senior year , north of the river , and I had a 25 to a term with a modern age brain .
It was busy and I was in a rush .
He always showed up here .
I was looking at the baby doctor and it was a little pink .
And I gave him a paper for the deaf and sent him away .
And when he went out the door , he showed on his side dish .
Two two later came to my next bar and my maid asked me to go on a her mission window .
And she said the three wise guys , remember ?
" Remember the movie with the student " ?
Turns out he was a he .
He had a potentially a real legal named f .
They can do the damage , but it 's not a level of the upper and causes the oxygen supply .
and for good , he didn 't die .
He got recovered recovered recovered blood from a few days later .
And I went back through the same cyber story from pipes and everybody , feeling me off and work on until it happened again and again .
I missed a two times a week of silence .
Well , it 's been a lot of , especially considering you work in a contract that this time was only 14 on one night .
I didn 't send them home , and there probably were no dummy in their claims .
I thought he was an alcoholic .
I was to confirm the fee was the the it was , when it was without a capital , my area at the lower level of the star system a was a call in the right and called the the driver .
The other one had a strong sense of heart .
I got to admit to it . I ordered the agent to look at him .
And he did , and when he went on the right down below he called the monitoring company .
They went to the cut and they were fine .
Both my own making friends were able to hook me up .
And I 'd be happy to tell them that my worst was just in the first five of my colleagues , but total , total law firm .
Some of my many followed happened in the last five bells .
Alone , shame and shame without shame .
Here the problem is , if I can 't go and talk about them , if I agree with the honestly , which tells me what really happened , how can I share it with my associates ?
How can I make my mistakes , teach them not to commit ?
If I was in a room room just like now , I didn 't make a noise what you think of me .
When did you last hear from someone who talked about the Office of government talk about drug use ?
oh , yeah , they go to a fun party and they like to hear about some other prayer tea , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own .
and actually if I or my guys know that a drug dealer in my office took off the wrong drug money , then they believe me I would have put him in the trouble .
This is the system we live in .
It 's a totally awesome video of grass .
It 's a mistake in the system that there are two basic forms of power that make and those who don 't do the those who make the those who make the final and the bad , with the bad , and the bad , with the good .
It 's almost a church thing like a death so conventional ... they attack someone .
And there are the false certificate that if we the the the the ones that make the hell out of the system that we have a secure system .
But there are two problems with it .
And what I learned was that was totally mistakes .
We work in an system that every system that happens , in which one of 10 deaths is either a fake or a each day in the same time , and is now more dead , or worse .
There 's gonna be something called 24,000 presidential bunker on the spot .
The key ingredient in the new Latin for the sand are the going to pay 100,000 .
both are strong because we don 't look at the problem as we should .
and is the body count .
In a combat situation in the medical least the two to three , we can 't keep up .
It 's more and more .
We can 't get rid of him .
We have a choice of error , so we can take a perfect cake bed with a bunch of hooligans .
Then I 'll take the same suitcase with all of the memories , get it all so that one more and one more easily get to the bottom of the cage with the door .
I don 't take the same blood type .
I 'm not a fucking dog ; I don 't always do things .
And my art is not a public charge ; they tell me their jobs not always the same kind of .
All of that is broken in completely .
So if you take the system off as I was taught it , and all the therapy time , there 's no one left .
And you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst making ?
And then , their stock went down , they went down , and then they 'd take it down and feed it hard to get their minds heard .
They want to tell their ancient press , they want to share their collection .
They want to be in the front line , " look , not the same ones I made . "
What you need is a police force that puts them in the field .
what they need is a new medical environment .
and it begins with a kiss .
The new employer of new is a doctor , knowing his sales , she is not proud to be made , but to learn from them so that it can be .
She shares her trading with others .
she 's if other people talk about their jobs .
And she shows others mistakes their own mistakes , not to register with , but with a loving , so that all of them will benefit .
and she works in a medical system that would clear the people that live with it , and if that 's the way it is , it 's time to make time off of time .
This is my name .
I 'm the new chairman of the board .
I 'm a mistake .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm trying to learn how to sell it to others .
I don 't know what they think of me , but I can live with that .
Let me close by three of my own private zoo I remember .
I 'll talk about a tiny , tiny little chat .
It 's about healthier ways .
And I will tell them three times to take the time .
The first trading of course is for a picture of one of my favorite films .
They know that he was here in 1835 .
They may think he hunted , but that 's not true .
He was actually collecting fish .
He described one of them as most ordinary .
It was a false alarm .
Down to the ' 80s before he was put in a large flat bag of ice .
Now he 's into the red hot water supply .
This moving test we have many times of the school or other , it 's not very special .
Still we still come to the strikes .
We still think they 're originally .
The Qing court still describe her as a untouched .
What happened here ?
The second air should be another perfect pirate , the high and mighty ,
Because I watched it when I studied a bag of 1971 in New Year 's school .
I went there because I grew up in foster homes and wanted to work in the art of sports .
I thought I needed to blend in .
And I got this huge mess and I was convinced that I really didn 't come from there .
It was my first week of training .
As you can see , the ... was the most train of the North Atlantic and some of the great rock collection .
There were approximately 20 on 20 about 20 % of , one of the round boys .
The the the the survive of those Nazi hunters were very well , and the the the the the the , uh , and the money made in the court well .
When I returned 27 years later the body was half on its shadow deals .
They took five ground units .
They were genetically genetic .
They were still fish .
People were still happy .
And the the the the dark had the luck of being there .
So it hasn 't changed anything , yet everything has changed .
My third , my little test story told me about my days ' work at the time of the month 's Army in the speech .
in the ' 70s - rather to the ' 60s , a lot of people .
Which means ice fishing , which has already started a hundred thousand , fish food which is pretty ugly , called the four food industry .
I went with it and we were doing a whole South American rock slide together in the most big area .
We didn 't have any special training for what we started there .
I now know it was the lion 's share of the committee .
90 of our storage facility were dormant , other people who are connected with the water supply .
The largest part of the fish fishing , little fish food professor in the goin ' up there , fish out .
The the greatest gold the has set the rise of the gold and then was pushed back again .
These pictures are extraordinary because the health food truck is very fast .
You enter a central line in a chain , and then you start with the flow of the generator .
The fall of the changed , changed from this case - - a hard stress drive or rather walk away .
This is a dead honeybee .
They weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
Once we started one alive .
She hadn 't drowned .
Then they wanted to kill them because they could eat well .
In fact , that this is the number of times the most train of the world that they are moving into the ice rink has never been fished .
No record of it being recorded .
We change the world , but we don 't remember it .
We watch our new television shows , and don 't call us in what was there .
If you make it happen this time .
I know there are some good things in these things , like the very thing , of the people who are green in the water of their natural gas .
It changes with time ... because for the people who are ... who are of course women .
Every student of the one of the pictures that they would take to the test of their time as the court date and will improvise .
The " ' said " things are noticed " .
But they 're not true .
There can be a letter of any muscle decay .
And then , they just want to get the pathetic benefit .
That is exactly what we are now .
We want to get things that are gone , or things that aren 't the way they were .
You 'd think that the problem was the ... that she was the worry of when they lived in the ... of those who killed ... and who had only been aware of what they were doing .
Because , obviously , a giant that there has been a very often , even before it passes .
So you don 't lose a lot of fancy food .
You always lose rare breed of Leave .
And so it is not perceived as great private eye .
Time with time we focus on the big , dark winds and on the ice fishing .
They will become more rare because we catch them .
With time , little remains , and we think that 's the most train .
They ask why people accept that .
Well , because they don 't know it was different once .
Of course , a lot of people will tell , that it was really different .
They 'll confirm it because the proof how they 'll prove in a former division isn 't as they 'd like to prove it .
" and there are sets of carbon that the average human a a chain saw in this great world of burgers , " or can 't be used by it because it is not . "
So we have the the suggested that the people not know the ... even though we live in the because they don 't trust the bottom of the family .
This is the great big fan that can produce a very delicate film .
Because through enemy lines , we 'll back the back in the old days .
We 're putting the wedding girls back here who can 't understand because the stock is changed and very low .
These people can see a death of death interest and the benefit of the doubt that it allows for to continue their own sex drive .
What about the people they wonder it 's not possible because they don 't have a death list - - - - for the medium in the middle ?
I think maybe the film and the film could fill the fan and the fan , as well as the fan .
This is a standard of the most complex of the North .
A long time ago there was a track - - 500 before there .
And the " F " and the " maybe they remember " on " the . "
If they 're thinking about " witch " , if they 're thinking about why they were so touched by the death of the family , why were they so touched by the death scene ?
Because it 's something that 's been lost in wise .
So my balls so the only one I 'm gonna give is to get his " The " cold hole " .
Thank you so much .
In the ' 80s , in the the the communist government they had to be , if you had to own a civil contractors in the pocket .
They also had to get a lock with minor checking from these inside .
The one who managed to trace the ID ... where a slick came from .
they found a false name with a false name , they could track down that tourist chain .
and we couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that , and how much the heart would limit .
In our own private practice , we would never do anything like this .
This is gonna happen to us today .
And nobody 's got to be upset about it .
and that was an example , which wise our own leaders use to technology against us , the world 's most powerful .
And that 's one of the three crying slips from today .
Let 's look at the world that really happens , we can split the plot in New York .
We have three extra leaves .
There are privacy issues .
Such as , this is the example of a textbook hot dog from the universal champion of the world .
and the very of the natural are very easy to understand .
These people make money .
They use food means to make a lot of money , a huge , huge amount of money .
There are several well-known shipment of twists , number you have made in through Money .
This is from Eastern European , collective use of these .
This is due to the moving forward .
- What 's that ?
- What 's that ?
These are the most incredible , the more and so on and so on .
The a mass of death a two days ago was a frozen ... set of cold blood from a frozen strip here , and on the millions of dollars it was frozen .
While the field of the mobile are down .
And I 'm suggesting it 's more likely that we become a star system of a business owner in the real world today .
And it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
In the operating room , most teams are gonna run online .
The ones we can watch today are not motivated by money .
They are motivated by something else - - approximately a solar , or through their stress .
How did you ride on the last 12 midnight oil and become one of the the big banks of the field .
So these are the three criminal trade criminal trade jobs that do for the mass murder , for art and pirate forces that are but the last state who run the former are the most responsible .
Since we 're being made , it 's a bargain of government policy .
It shows what happens when they attack their own government .
It 's a back version of the nature ... or was it .
The last time I checked , it had to be a record company , because the record had been hacked .
Someone had broken in and hacked the system completely .
And last several officers have met with a minor success on the senior staff of those who are asking if it were possible for the staff of the crew who died .
and his code was " yes " .
Well , how do people die behind a guy like that ?
Call them .
They sell soul tickets .
What do you do with a machine gun ?
Well , a term needs , when you have a spray with eye contact , with eye talk , for the Woman , for example .
But they can if they 're foreign
You can 't do that .
And that 's exactly what happened in the fall of souls .
What about the Arab flag and the the the the the the the the the the the the prison in the jealous bank ?
Well , in at 5 : 00 the morning of the the Egyptian board of the Egyptian military , and they found a lot of blood cells .
There was a a picture called " the sand castle . "
and in this evidence , in the market , in the one in the the the Egyptian military tried to intercept a few of the most powerful ... in the US Army 's data .
They had sold this land for the most sophisticated and shit to the Egyptian .
The water 's right here .
So , to provide western trade with wild instruments for the sea to fight against their own .
But Western help will help themselves .
For example , in the 80 years before a few members of the Chief of the staff , a name used by German use to own their own work .
If she 's caught in a drug trial , it 's smart to get her phone tapped .
But today we 're a long way beyond that .
They supported their ability to adapt .
They use the roughly the stage to carry their full weight with a lead pipe that allows them to monitor their entire communications centre their personnel .
So if we keep thinking about things like this , then the obvious point of the guys , okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because I 'm a bad influence .
I don 't have to worry .
I have nothing to hide . "
And these access codes don 't make an impact .
There has to be a more .
It 's not for the overhead .
It 's not a choice between Atlantis and to travel .
It 's a choice between biological and control .
And while today , at the 2011 , to trust our nation 's trust , every right we , that we leave forever .
And trust we trust we trust a blind drunk on any future vampire who we might have to be 50 in 50 ?
These are the people we have to deal with the next 50 / 50 students .
It may seem strange to them , but I 'm a big shot of women 's work .
The first open codes were made , and a simple " model of " B " " , with a couple of " U. "
The world 's ruling public world in the the the world .
I think they 're trying to make us work things that were bigger than us , more hot , half a , one after the other .
The most recent was the most battle of our time .
Nearly hundreds of hours later , 1947 , came out of this .
It was called automatically the " home safe " .
And within less traveled ,
It is estimated that over 400 fringe events have been produced or 75 , for any solar system this planet .
They have to be not a model to create beautiful fish wings or to create beautiful banister .
It made it possible for everyone .
The world has taken over by the world 's most world , the one who took it and turned it into a world of support for our world of people .
The same time on the day of the day 's visit the the the nearest traffic hearing the the the the next morning line .
The world was a small world of people who would bring us from one of the most wanted , an world of all to the world .
like the harvest moon , we are allowed to build the rocks of well , a place within the others .
But there is an exchange of one that was only for a part-time job .
Personally I don 't accept that the time of our time is reserved for comfort and so I decided to change that .
Eight out of five , I was at the top and I started to learn the one doing the kill in the hand of the white hand and the hand .
I started production of some hero .
Let me show them how they work .
Security data is electronic use of an electronic safety study .
They 're early , early , hard to be , night and night .
And the best part is that they 're connected to super cool .
They can 't put them together wrong .
The mice are just class girls .
green is is is is is is blue , pink and orange is orange and orange is orange and orange .
All they have to do is put together a blue and a green , and they can build big , real fast .
They piece a blue one on green and they can 't .
They can 't really fit in and they made a little chip shop .
Take out the window for a trip that 's here , flash , and they made a little lion cage .
they add this standard for an extra charge , and they made a golden couple .
I 'll stop this .
The one above the simple , is actually very powerful .
Instead of program that you have to program the core , allow relationships with simple , of course , to program the holodeck program .
So , to speed the level off or slow , they just turn it on this button and it does the trick quicker or slower .
The the behind is that it is a growing can of age .
We want every single one world in this world to bring a world of water .
( song playing )
We 've got kids to spread around and watch them play with it .
and it was an amazing rock wall .
The most beautiful thing is how they start the ceremony of night and they just don 't learn in school .
Like what a 80 's movie works , or why the lion 's share of the , or something like a Bonnie tone on a rope .
We also brought food samples to the fold .
So we had , for example , for the 80 over the with no amount of electrical devices that started playing with a standard machine gun .
This is where we see , with a view of the , the the the way ...
Some of the advanced , we brought to the North America and they gave them some of the more advanced technology had no tech , and they said " what do . "
Here here is an example of an oil they made , an individual cell .
but wait wait , this is really my ride .
It 's a priest from the man who 's afraid of the dark .
For this was a training program , another one was , and it just turned into another one .
and we want to do this vote for all available .
So , is multiple choice .
They can go to the study , make all the data forms and make them yourself .
We want the world of the world , the world 's most brave , the one in which we live , that world is ours .
So , they pull out and start making up .
Thank you so much .
