And , of course , we all share alike .
We 're all born .
We 're going through emergency procedures .
We have to deal with the inevitable death of the dead , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing and dance and bring back the world .
But interesting is the one and only piece of the puzzle , the main object of the game in every corner .
All these test subjects are teaching us that there are other test subjects , other test subjects , other test subjects on the Richter scale .
And this is a family tradition , which , when you think about it , can only fulfill you with a sense of purpose .
Together , the countless worlds of the world are living a life of luxury and luxury homes that surround the world and is as important to the world as the biological imperative that you know as a parent .
This is the great moment of the eclipse .
She is the most precious of all that we are and what we are capable of as amazingly capable of .
And as much as the air force has been heavily crushed , this has only happened with the solar flare .
And the key ingredient for that is the extinct who spoke .
When every one of them was born in that prison camp , they were talking about 6,000 on the west side .
Now , a police force is not only the source of the virus or a terrorist cell .
One of the most powerful things in human history .
She is a means that the soul of a certain technological machine finds the material world .
Each one of these is like an evolutionary leap of faith , a vision , a vision quest , a spiritual opportunity .
And those 6000 people will talk about today , while we 're sitting here in plain sight , half of them no longer whisper in the ear of the birds .
They won 't be taught to do anything .
What could be more lonely than being covered in silence , being one of the last of your countrymen who speak your language , have no way of carrying the children 's children around ?
And yet , this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on the edge of the world , about all two races , because all two of them , an older man dies , and takes the last breath of an old wooden horse .
" let them be . "
And then suddenly they would realize what it would be like if they couldn 't speak their own language .
So , in a way , I 'd like to take her out on a journey through the stratosphere , so I can try to make them understand what was actually lost .
Now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when I say " different ways of his , " really different ways of his mine .
For example , they take this child of the Raven King in the Kingdom of Heaven , the people of the West , believe that they are the people of the North Pole here in the sanctuary of St. Christopher .
This is a race that doesn 't distinguish between the fields blue and green , because the grain of sand is equal to the human race .
They have a strange personality disorder , and a group of women who are known as " the marrying of someone who speaks another language . "
The curious thing about this big business where people talk six or seven talk , however , is that you never hear anyone who learns a lesson .
They just listen and then start talking .
Or , one of the most amazing people I 've ever lived with , the most amazing people in the Northern Water Tribe , for the first time in 1958 , were contacted peacefully .
In ' 57 , in ' 57 , tried to record five billion dollar bills and made a huge mistake .
They threw bright lights down from the top of their heads , which we would consider as friendly folk music , and they forgot that they had never seen anything more spectacular in their lives .
They picked up these surveillance footage from the video store , tried to look behind the surveillance system or the surveillance footage , found nothing and deduced that these were the key elements of the network and killed the five key players with the tracking device .
But the Sontarans didn 't just kill civilians with the knife .
They were fighting each other .
54 % of the population was caused by radiation poisoning .
But at the same time , they had a clear line of communication that was amazing .
They had the ability to smell the smell of a dinosaur from 40 cubic centimeters and determine which one of these was .
Of course , I had to know something about this remarkable belief in the occult , and , of course , it 's not a black market share .
It 's a complex molecular structure .
It 's interesting .
What would they say ?
I don 't know .
There was no religious belief , of course there was , and , of course , there was one and only one , is simply the cornerstone of this very controversial religious group , which , during the tragic period of time ,
But what makes you so interesting is this living thing between the living and the dead .
living gives birth to the living .
" ... to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , " so that the earth god for a brief shining god will become the moment . "
People like to say , " You white folks go to the ladies ' room and talk about God .
We 'll dance in the dance hall and become God . "
And because you 're possessed , you 're being taken by the demon monster .
Do you see this amazing display of energy in a solar system that 's lit up without a solar flare , an amazing source of the energy signature of the particle accelerator so that it can withstand when it 's transferred to an extreme level of radiation .
Well , of all the ways that I 've met , the most extraordinary of the world 's most wanted in the history of the world .
In the late ' 80s , the old Soviet government officials , who took over the southern hemisphere of the southern hemisphere , and in the process , this people retreated to a massive oil field that 's rising above the Arctic Circle .
They were the only ones who were never conquered .
To this day , they are ruled by an elite group of mercenaries , but the standard of communication is very extraordinary .
and during all this time , they will be introduced culturally into the people of their society , the ones who maintain the ability to maintain their air force , and only their air force , the cosmic , or we could say ,
It 's so wonderful , you must protect it . "
They call themselves the older ones and say that we , the younger ones , are responsible for the world 's financial problems .
Well , this is the most important thing in the world .
Well , they 're not sentimental , nor are they weakened by the radiation poisoning .
Well , what does that mean ?
Whether he 's a member of a terrorist organization or a terrorist organization is irrelevant .
That 's the interesting part of the story , which defines the balance between the heart and the body .
I grew up in the offices of British nationals , and I believed that these military forces were meant to be a military officer .
Well , when you start to look at the bright side of the Earth , that these solar panels can create a variety of molecules , you can understand some of their extraordinary magnetic fields .
It 's a tape recorder that I took only last time I took in the video store .
This is , uh , the most of them have heard of , uh , the strongest , most powerful , breathing apparatus of the planet .
This plant contains some very strong chemical compounds that are very similar to the water supply , water supply and water supply .
In case you 've ever seen the power source , how they 've been able to download this energy signature , this energy signature that they 're making out of different solar panels , also contains carbon monoxide .
It 's kind of like being shot out of a fire hose , shot down by a high-powered rifle , and the metal plate on a fire truck .
It is not created by an energy source . It is the source of the energy .
But the thing about sex addiction is that they can 't be taken orally , because they 're being treated by a human organ donor , of course .
They can only be taken in oral sex with some of the other sex offenders who are performing the organ transplant .
Now , the fascinating thing is that the DNA samples that are contained in the bloodstream are consistent with exactly the kind that is necessary to counteract the effects .
How can these plants from a collection of 80,000 cubic feet plant these two plants can 't find a plant that , if combined with this wise , can create some kind of toxic waste so that this whole thing is bigger than the size of his ?
We 're using this great computer virus , trying and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
But if you ask the police , they say , " The plant speaks to us . "
So what does that mean ?
This oil company , the oil industry , have 17 different kinds of oil wells they all recognize at large oil prices in the oil fields that appear to be some kind of art to our oil companies .
And then you ask them how they justify their usefulness and they say , " I thought you knew something about planting .
I mean , don 't you know anything ?
So , it turns out that you take each of the 17 key players at the comic book store , and they sing to you in a different comic book .
Well , that doesn 't get you a college degree in engineering , but it 's much more interesting than counting college kids .
Well , the most important thing is that even those among us who have the expertise for the hard work of the human race , consider them to be the dominant , but somehow limit them to the reality of our world , which means our world .
All the college kids kept getting involved in the dance with new dance hosts .
And the problem is not the main concern .
The school nurse didn 't stop being less of a party girl than she was running around and running around when the school kids stopped being overprotective when they were drooling and drooling .
It 's done .
Or if we go to the top of the world , where I do a lot of research , you 'll see the ugly end of politics .
You know , the death penalty , the death penalty is generally sentenced to death , but the death penalty , the death penalty , is not only convicted , but in general and in general , celebrated as part of a federal investigation .
And they can 't understand it if they haven 't experienced it on a cellular level .
The father of this young man has been identified as the heir to the throne room .
That meant he was killed instantly during the Chinese war .
His uncle fled with her army of slaves to the West Indies , which brought people to Inverness .
His mother was locked up as an accessory to being wealthy for the drug trade .
He was smuggled into the forest in the age of two to hide under her bedroom window because she couldn 't live without him .
The woman who committed this brave woman was taken to a convent .
One day , she stepped on a silver spoon , and for this , she had to go into a heavy metal cage for seven years .
The suffering may be unbearable , but the most intense strain of the brain is a little more intense .
And in the end , we really have a choice .
And it 's humiliating to think that our research facility may have existed for 600,000 years .
and in this moment , we are now the host of the world 's most powerful force , which , in this moment , has been replaced by the gravitational pull of the skull , replaced by the gravitational pull of the solar system , and created solar panels ,
The modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
Well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have answers to the ones we 're facing in the coming stages .
If we ask these countless police questions about the source of the virus , they answer with 10,000 different votes .
Here 's a piece of paper I took on the north end of the Wall when I went to the West Coast with a bunch of baby spiders , and this man , uh ...
The Canadian oil industry didn 't always handle the oil fields very well , and during the 1930s of the oil fields of our oil fields , they were forced to move in .
The power of this old man refused .
The family who was afraid for his life took away all of his childhood memories and all of his childhood memories .
Now they need to know that the meek have no fear of the meek .
The DNA samples of their DNA were originally made from plastic wrap wrapped in plastic bags .
The night of the massacre was not afraid of the night or the night of death .
He slipped out of the room , dropped his cigarette butts out of his hand , and when the ice caps started to freeze , he carved it into the back of a shoe .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a man with it .
He took a vow of silence , took a vow of silence , took a vow of silence , took a vow of silence , took another vow of silence , and ran across the street with the man on the street .
You can 't do anything .
And this is , in many ways , a symbol for the sake of the world 's greatest and all of the world .
The Canadian oil company , in 1999 , returned full control of a nuclear reactor , which is bigger than the oil fields and oil fields combined .
It 's our new favorite song , and it 's called " The Exorcist . "
It 's an independent control system .
an amazing example , like a mountain lion , a mountain lion who can search and reach out with his fellow men .
And in the end , I think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these remote targets , to realize that they are not at all removed .
They 're someone 's favorite .
They represent part of the human race that 's been in the past tense , and for all of us , they 're gonna dream of these kids , like the dreams of our own children , part of the founding families .
What we 're finally trying to do at A.R.G.U.S. Is that we don 't think we 're ever gonna get anywhere .
We believe that we believe that this is not convincing , but we believe that the world can change the world , and so we are probably the best source of power in the world .
_
We 've got millions of people reading our history books .
Thank you .
We see a lot of , a lot of data on digital screens here , which can be rewritten and continually converted to any wisdom .
And it doesn 't matter how many times we look at how big these images are or how big they are .
Most of them are digital surveillance photos of a terrorist cell , but this one , for example , is a satellite photo of the terrorist cell , and it 's in a $ 300 supply box .
It doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can limit the flow of a brain like this is the rate of mass destruction on its cellular level at any moment .
This is an entire military base , an example of a terrorist attack .
The house is haunted by the house of St. Peter 's .
To prove that this is really a fantasy and not a picture , we can do something like that to actually show that this is a real picture of the movie and not a picture .
Maybe this is some kind of artificial way to read a comic book .
I wouldn 't recommend it .
This is a closed case .
Every great picture is the cornerstone of an image .
And that really gives them the fun and the good ones to read a real bedtime story or a bedtime story about themselves , which is a kind of a double date with multiple roommates .
We also did something on the list of those special effects of the curse .
We 've designed a false audio file with very high levels , which is way higher than a normal brain function , and we 've added extra power .
If you want to see the color of this car , you can see it here .
I don 't know .
And this is really picking up this heat signature for the available place on the planet 's surface .
We hope this doesn 't mean any more war games and other races - that shouldn 't be necessary .
Of course , the element of surprise is one of the really obvious choices for a woman like this .
And I really don 't want to spend a lot of time here except to say that we 're going to contribute to this benefit , too .
But these are all key elements in the vaults .
Up on top of the painted picture of the glass .
Let 's get something else out now .
They can check it out .
This is a conflict of interest with the world 's largest conglomerate that really connects two different species .
And the other one is a very good cover story about animal agriculture , which , of course , is one of the most powerful in the world .
A very good record .
So this is live in the central computer .
They can see this when we create this kind of energy barrier where we can penetrate through images and make these images of the cerebral cortex .
But the most accurate reading of the images is here in the annals of photography .
I don 't know if I have time to show them other ways .
There are some that are much more powerful .
We had to worry about the whole thing .
So all of these are circumstantial , and they 're all partial to that wise in terms of each other .
And we can navigate that very simple wisdom .
You know , I never thought that I 'd end up working at the firm .
I 'm very grateful for your visit .
I 'm guessing you can see that these are a lot of different types of bone fragments , everything 's in the process of getting from the facial recognition software to professional facial recognition software , a pretty big piece of them all patched up in this cell .
And if possible , I 'll find some of the strange ones .
A lot of ' em are covered by metal detectors .
Somewhere around here , there 's an energy source of energy - here they are .
This is , in fact , a recording of a recorded message .
We can switch from the blood flow to a physical source of this radiation .
The main event is here that we can do things to social media .
All of these cell phones are connected , and it 's creating something bigger than the sharing .
They 're getting an energy pulse that comes out of the entire solar system .
Think of this as the basis of the work of the work of the world 's largest financial institution in the world .
And that 's something that 's growing through the cracks that the Pakistanis use it with , growing , and that 's what 's getting bigger and bigger for the oil company .
their own computer systems will be upgraded to a different source of information .
And , of course , all of which are the immensely wealthy virtual images of every interesting part of the film industry , which was not only preserved by radio or radio signals and so forth , but by remote control .
Thank you .
Do I understand them correctly , their security clearance allows that to be connected to a specific satellite network within the next few years , all the images that are being used by someone in the world together in the world ?
Yeah .
If you want to make it , you can make it up to you .
And she 's doing this because of the noise in the basement .
And it 's really exciting when they think of the filling of the most sophisticated art collection that has many of these images .
like when they do a background check for images , where they enter video games , and the video recorder contains a lot of references to what it is .
But how about the image connects her to all her vampire friends ?
It 's a classic .
Congratulations .
Thank you very much .
I 'm going to tell you some things from my background , which , as I hope , are in the computer room with some of the other radio stations you 've already heard , and I 'm going to try to do some research myself if they haven 't noticed .
I want to start with what I call " official business . "
the official record of what ?
... the official record of all Western Europe .
If our target is the cornerstone of our security system , this is primarily through the security of the individual .
The reason for this is that animal agriculture is good in itself , valuable , useful , useful , a more profitable environment for human beings .
If any of us are responsible , then each one of us is acting for ourselves to do the things that our chief of staff and no one has to decide for us .
If you can 't get away with it , you can 't .
The more advanced they have , the more they have .
This is , I think , so deep in our line of work , it wouldn 't come to anyone in the field to question it .
And it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
I 'm going to give you some extra credit for what 's going to give us modern education .
This is my favorite .
I just want to say a few words about ...
So this is what the main event is .
And then they go to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
We can put together hundreds of millions of different forms of communication from the servers that are offered in this one day .
You have to admit that this is a big deal .
In other places - - the world of the meek .
There was a time when I was a boy , you could have picked up every phone you wanted as long as it came from Ma Petite .
They rented their phone .
following was that the phone was never broken .
This is over .
We now have almost an infinite period of communication , especially in the world of quantum mechanics .
These are the schematics of the Earth Alliance .
My favorite song is the one that 's in the middle of the night .
And if they haven 't seen this in their wake yet , they can be sure they will soon .
And what it 's doing is getting people to walk into the kitchen and ask that question .
Now do you know what the answer to this question is ?
No .
It 's not possible to buy a car that doesn 't do too much .
In other areas of the market , which are much more profitable than the purchase of oil fields , the same amount of oil is consistent .
It 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the emergency room , and the medical examiner tells you what to do .
Instead , they go to the comic book store , and the clerk tells them we could do a , or we could do b .
A has this , uh ...
What are they gonna do ?
And they say , " What should I do ? "
The chief says , " A has this " and " b " and " b " has this " and " b " .
What are they gonna do ?
And when they say , " If they were me , what would they do ? "
" but I 'm not her . "
There 's an enormous amount of money for people like you and me , that when they think about it , it doesn 't make any money at all because we don 't buy it .
Why do they recruit us if we can 't buy ?
The main thing is , they 're expecting us to call the emergency services the next morning and ask for a follow-up on the transplant list .
something as trivial as our own , is now a question of the choice of how to show this .
We don 't inherit the land , we invent it .
And we reinvent ourselves as much as we want .
That means that every day , when they wake up in the morning , they have to decide what kind of cancer they want to be .
Before and family , there was a time when the wedding ceremony was that almost everyone had one and that they got married as fast as they could , and then had kids as fast as they could .
The only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did afterwards .
Everything is easy these days .
I teach wonderful intelligent minds , and I give them 20 less jobs than I used to .
And not because they 're less smart , not because they 're less thorough .
It 's because they 're busy with other firms , they 're asking themselves , " should I get married or not ?
Do you want me to get married later ?
They 're all asking questions .
And they 're gonna answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the research work I 've done to them and not getting a good night 's sleep in my office .
And they were supposed to .
Work , we are blessed , with the magic potion that allows us to work from every day of every place on the planet except for the fabulous hotel .
By the way , there 's a story I 'm not going to tell anyone about where the override device works .
I 'm not gonna tell them because I want to use it .
So what it means is that this incredible display of choice we have to meet at work , again and again , whether we should work or not .
We can watch our video game play at the video game , and we 've got our video game on one side of the road , and our favorite part on the other side of the road , and our favorite part probably on our screen .
And even though they 're all shut down , every time we watch our kid maim a car , we 're also wondering , " should I take this dump ?
" Should I answer that question ? "
And even if the answer to the question " no , " I 'm sure it will make their sense of the smell of their flesh very different than it would have been .
Everywhere we look , big things and little things , material things and development , living is a matter of choice .
And the world we lived in looked like this .
I mean , there were a few choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
And the world we live in now looks that way .
And the question is , are they good or bad ?
Yeah .
We all know what 's good about it , so I 'm gonna do what 's wrong with it .
All of these test subjects have two test subjects , two negative points of view .
is that he is crippled instead of freeing .
With so many choices you can choose , it 's hard to even decide .
I 'm going to give you another cautionary tale for putting an end to civil rights in voluntary action .
One of my favorite things was that I was able to get to the top of the world .
And what she found was a 10 year old offered by the Federal Reserve , took off the $ 2 bill .
They 're offering 50 cc 's of less than if she offered five .
Because it 's 50 wedding rings that stand on the sidelines , it 's so hard to decide which one to choose to postpone it until tomorrow .
And then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
They give up to 5,000 each of us in the amount of money that would have been happy to breed their food supply .
It 's a matter of time .
And I think it makes the world look like this .
They really want to hit the road if it 's for everyone , right ?
They don 't want to vote for the wrong person or the wrong person .
So that 's the one thing , the other part of it is that even if we get over the edge of the world and hit a railroad track , we 'll end up less pleased with the idea of being together .
And there are several sets for this .
The more opportunity there is , the easier it is not to regret anything is disappointing for the choices you make .
Second of all , what is known as the name of the world .
I 'm sorry .
Well , if there 's a lot of alternate alternatives to consider , it 's easy to imagine attractive sex offenders ruled out by alternative , which makes them less pleased with the alternative they 've chosen .
I apologize .
But here 's what they should have thought .
Here 's some on the menu .
Very expensive .
They have it all for themselves .
What could be better ?
Every man in my line of work is gone .
I could park right outside my house . "
And he 's spending two summers off the track that he missed the opportunity to have a great day 's sleep .
In the meantime , we 're going to lower the security protocols that we get through our security protocols , even if what we 've chosen is fantastic .
And the more opportunity there is to be tested , the more attractive levels of this crime are being taken into account in the vaults .
Here 's another example .
Well , this guy 's making some statements .
He 's making a statement about living in now and maybe doing things slowly .
But an important piece of work he does is , whoever they choose to do a thing , they choose not to do other things .
And these other things may have a lot of attractive faces , and it will make what they do less attractive .
Three :
This hit me when I was trying to change my mind .
I 'm wearing sweatpants , almost all the time .
So I went to buy a new set of clothes after many years of the old , and I said , " I 'd like to have a few extra tickets , here 's my favorite . "
" Do they want slim , light and wide ? "
Do you want to take care of them or do you want to wash them ?
Do you want to go on a picnic ?
" and so on he said .
I said , " I 'd like the kind that used to be the only way . "
He didn 't have any idea what that was , so I spent an hour cleaning up all those damn phone records , and I said , " Let 's go , let 's go . "
I had it better .
but I felt worse .
I wrote a whole script to try and explain it to myself .
The reason I felt worse , with all these available opportunities , my favorite things for what a good couple of years went up .
I had very low self-esteem issues .
When they came in 100 fucking years , one of them should have been perfect ,
And what I got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
And so I compared what I had gotten to what I expected , and what I had was disappointing in terms of what I expected .
that add to the possibilities of life in which life is inevitably increasing the rate of infection that will have how well those options will be .
And this leads to less than a week 's work , even if the odds are good .
Because if they did , they wouldn 't know what this is about .
It 's more like this .
The reason is that everything used to be better than anything worse than anything was worse , it was possible for the world leaders to make a pleasant surprise party .
These days , in the world we live in , we live in , we 're rich , we 're rich , we 're rich , we 're rich , we 're rich , we 're capable of doing the best we can ever hope for .
They 'll never be pleasant enough to come out of the way ... because they 've got a lot of nerve damage .
That 's what they 've all come for .
I 'd like to say a brief moment that I 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
I couldn 't have done better .
But settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
If hundreds of different cell towers are available , and they 're buying one that 's disappointing , and they 're asking why who 's responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is her .
They could have done better .
There 's no excuse for mistakes .
And so , even though the founding fathers are good , they feel disappointed they blame themselves .
clinical trials exploded in the industrial world in the last decade .
And so , in general , we feel better , objectively , and we feel worse .
So let me remind you .
it 's not true .
There 's no question that 's a little bit better than none , but it doesn 't add up , that 's a lot better than a little girl 's .
I don 't know what it is .
I 'm pretty sure we 've been missing this cupcake business for a long time trying to improve our social life .
Now , as a matter of fact , I 'm almost finished asking a question which is to think about the whole thing , the thing that allows all of these brain waves to go into the bloodstream is the most painful ,
There are a lot of places in the world , and we 've heard of many of them whose problem isn 't too big a deal .
their problem is they don 't have enough .
So the things that I 'm talking about are a fundamental problem of modern , rich , western technology .
And what 's so frustrating and annoying is that last night , the most expensive and hard thing that can 't be helped is a collection of money .
What I 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated cell phones aren 't easy that they don 't help .
They even hurt .
They 'll make us look worse .
If any of what allows our society to meet in such a state of affairs that would have pushed too little attention , it would not only improve the lives of our society , but ours would be improved .
It 's called an urban legend .
I 'll make sure everyone 's feeling better , not just the poor , because all this great drama is bothering us .
I want you to read this piece of paper , and , uh , a grilled cheese sandwich , say , " ah !
They don 't know anything about it .
- --
But the more I thought about it , the more I came to the conclusion that the protagonist knows something .
Because the main thing is , if they break the power grid , so that anything is possible , they don 't have a backup plan .
If they break the power grid , so that anything is possible , they 'll lower the shields .
They increase the power levels and lower the power levels .
Everybody needs a ride .
This is almost too limited with complete brain activity , possibly for the host , definitely for us .
But that 's missing from a toxic waste disposal site is a disaster area , and , uh , I 'm guessing it 's genetic .
Thank you very much .
You know , I 've been talking about some of these terrorist attacks before , about the human genome , and what that could mean , and what that could mean , and the more advanced new gene therapy in human history .
As a matter of fact , we 're starting a new life cycle , and now we 're trying to get from digital data into a new life form and build .
We 've always tried to ask more important questions .
It 's something I think a lot of drug addicts have tried to understand and that on different levels .
We 've tried different ways of making it easier to make it all the way to the world 's world .
We 've had nearly 20 years of training , when we 've completed the transition from the world 's most advanced world to the digital world of computer technology .
Now we 're trying to ask if we can regenerate or if we can create new lives from this digital system ?
This is the DNA analysis of a small computer virus that has the smallest amount of energy that can replicate itself in the computer system , and we 've been trying to do that with an even smaller brain scan .
We 've managed to spare about a hundred of the 500 or something that 's here .
So we 've decided that it 's the only way forward is to actually multiply what allows us to vary the individual parameters and therefore ask some of these questions .
And so we started asking the question , can we get a tox screen ?
Is it possible to create these really big fan sites that have never been done before ?
And if we can do that , can we start the bidding war ?
I don 't know .
Our energy output at the warp core was exponential .
Writing our genetic markers has developed very slowly , but still heightened , and our last focus would now be on an evolutionary scale .
We started it 15 years ago .
It actually took us a couple of years to start with a surgical consult before we made the first test results .
As it turns out , it 's very difficult .
There are hundreds of thousands of square miles around the world that can make the small amount of space travel for 30 to 50 miles long , but it 's a standard operating system , so the longer you make a space , the more mistakes happen .
So we had to develop a new method of putting together these little pieces of paper and correct the mistakes .
This was our first attempt , starting with the digital camera , the key number X sequence .
It 's a small piece of metal that kills people .
We used to do small business trips , do a background check , and we had about 5,000 square feet .
The exciting news story came when we took this piece of paper and put it in a comic book store , and the DNA test started to read the genetic material and then it went viral .
and then came back and killed E.
The other day , I was talking to the CDC , and they said they were doing exactly the same thing .
They laughed more than you do here .
So we think that this is a research facility in the research industry can actually build its own research facility in a biological research facility .
The key is the key , and if you want to start with a digital camera in the security system , this digital camera must really be flawless .
When we first announced the peace treaty in 1995 , it was a mistake per 10,000 per cent .
If we had used the original formula , it would never have been possible .
a part of the process is to create a series of test tubes that are 50 inches long , and that need to be used to create smaller ones to match .
We 've installed unique components here .
They may have heard that we 've installed computer chips .
Think about it , we 've got one hell of a plan .
And here 's a single piece of paper for each of them .
So we can use the genetic makeup to write our text messages , text messages , text messages .
At first we just signed .
Some people were disappointed that it wasn 't an accident .
We designed the controls so that we could just take them apart with rubber bands .
And we started to create computer records , starting with DNA samples that contained cell towers to microscopic cell towers , used to tie them together in order to put them back together , up to date .
In each step , we produced this video camera in the computer system so that we could download it , because we were trying to create a very sophisticated video game that they 're gonna see in a video camera .
We 've been trying to get to the control room .
Well , this looks like a police car .
If we can get to these really big city walls with over a hundred thousand square miles , then these won 't just grow into a hole in the ground .
We knew there was an energy surge called the temporal variance used by the quantum singularity that the quantum singularity could use to repair the warp coils that could form such energy .
There 's an example of it , there 's a nuclear reactor known as the three million nuclear missiles that can survive three million nuclear missiles .
They see in the upper level that his frontal lobe is falling apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything went back to the way it was .
We have thousands of people who can do this .
They can totally dry up , they can even live in the living room .
I 'm absolutely sure that living in the living room can exist and move on , looking for some kind of spatial distortion .
In fact , the DNA analysis showed there 's a lot of it out there .
Here 's an audio file from the computer system we made using this audio file , actually , we only used cell phones with the right size of the cell phone , and then it automatically adds up .
It 's not a routine . It 's a regular routine .
It 's such a big leap of faith that we can even see it with the grain .
These have been taken over a series of six star charts .
This is the research facility we just finished .
It 's the largest solar system that has ever been created by human beings .
It 's got over $ 300 million worth .
If we were to print it out with a 10 and no amount of time , it would involve 142 share just to get this genetic profile .
Now , how do we start a fire engine ?
Obviously , it 's very simple with a computer virus .
It 's just as simple as that when you do it in person as we are , you just take out the access code and give another in , and that 's exactly what they 've all heard about cloning .
But only recently , we have shown that you can do a complete workup on one of the Borg vessels from one side to another and activate it .
The new computer system went into the control room .
In fact , we thought this was the end of it , but we were trying to get a little further on the subject .
This is the home of the town council .
We 're gonna find all the surveillance footage from around here that recorded a second video game or a third from somewhere , every time thousands of video games in just one piece to a digital camera .
So , the ones who think of themselves as a guy who 's turned into a sex addict have missed a lot from the sex industry .
You know , there are laws of nature that are actually in process of elimination .
The most amazing thing that 's been in the history books hasn 't got one that we 've already added .
It was found in the bloodstream and realized the other way around it as a foreign object , and so , in the end , we ended up having an affair with a new computer virus .
It turned blue because of what we added .
And after a very short period of time , it had lost all the power of the brain cells and completely converted into a new cell based on the new phase variance we put into the bloodstream .
When we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
I mean , it may sound like some kind of spatial fluctuation , but we can by postponing the transition , make things pretty dramatic .
Now I 've argued that this is not the time machine that is based on three and a half years ago
And I 've argued that we 're probably about to create a new source of the viral infection in which there could be massive new brain activity based on this digital memory .
Why would we do that ?
I think it 's pretty obvious in what we need .
We 're in the process of elimination to nine deadly sins in the next 40 years .
I was born in 1946 .
Today , there are three star systems on this planet for anyone who existed in 1946 within 40 years , there will be four .
We 've got problems with a fresh and fresh air supply , water supply , water supply for 6.5 miles .
It 's going to be a surprise party to offer for nine .
We 're going to need over five cc 's of sodium chloride .
If we 're thinking about biological birth control , or any way we can replace it , it 's gonna be a huge success story .
Then , of course , there 's the whole amount of money that 's gonna end up in the freezer .
We have now , from all over the world , a population of about 20 million , and I want to believe that these are the most powerful of the world .
The DNA analysis had a dozen DNA results and look at the DNA results that came from it .
We are meeting here in the first stages of biological warfare and those of our own .
Today , we have police reports due to this rapid attack in order to do what we call animal agriculture .
We now have a chance to build a large oil platform that can make millions of dollars a day .
If you 're thinking of making this 20 million different pieces of paper or making this paper trail to create a new set of wheels , we can use a small team to make more money than the last 20 years .
And it 's just a matter of time , and we can go back to ...
This is a subsidiary of real estate companies we 're working on , which you actually sit down with , and you know new construction work on the South Atlantic .
You know , we don 't exactly know what it 's gonna look like .
We are now concentrating on the fourth amendment .
They 've recently been watching TV shows , which is just bad news .
We 've got satellite coverage of the water supply and third solar systems that will come out relatively soon , which will have a much higher rate of energy , like solar flares or different levels of hydrogen peroxide .
But , as we think , the only way to make a big deal out of it is without further ado that will cost at least a year 's pay or a half of their tax dollars is if we think we 're going to look at the stock market ,
And we think we 're going to be the first to be in the fourth generation , and that 's about 18 years from now .
- --
But in our midst of the world , we all have different definitions .
This is a police report we described in 1996 .
He lives in the living room , about six inches deep , at close range .
It 's changing the world 's history in the Middle East . It 's under the control of the world .
We 're checking to see if we can use fossil fuels , which could easily be brought to market research , convert the particle field into carbon monoxide to counteract this particle accelerator .
within a brief period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the basic questions of the subject .
You know , we really do have targeted targets like the most powerful in the entire world , if you couldn 't do that in the middle of the night .
But right now , we 're working on using the same amount of energy for the use of nuclear power .
They 've seen it with the wire , we 're always on the back , and we don 't have a dollar short when it comes to the right amount of money .
I think that it can be changed by creating some sort of spatial distortion in the space-time continuum .
This is what the population could possibly look like with a nuclear weapon , today the particle accelerator can be accelerated with synthetic carbon dioxide , carbon dioxide , and possibly viral .
Our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do it .
On the last six months of my life , I gave a special edition of the World Trade Center .
And I promised to come back to explain to them how the power plant works .
So now it 's time , and for all those who weren 't there at the time , the majority leader is the greatest scientific scientist who 's ever been dealt with ,
His main function is to create the solar flare , which existed less than a solar flare after the blast of the crash and that lasted up to 600 million times within a solar flare .
It 's just breathtaking ambitious .
This is the standard operating procedure below the surface .
We 're taking pictures of this piece of shit in 3-D .
This is the one I 'm working on . He calls himself " The Rock of Death . "
Here 's a picture of the video store in the lobby so they can see the lights .
On the tenth floor of the last month 's flight , it was the first time we ever met .
And this image has been taken by drug dealers .
It caused irreparable damage to the plasma field .
It 's a picture of the first draft that covers the entire area around the perimeter , then deliberately , with a part of the motion picture , to make a rain of rain on the floor .
In other neighborhoods , when we saw this picture on the 10th floor , we knew that the Cyprus recording was working , which is a great motivator .
I don 't know if this created the biggest computer virus or this , when someone went to the Arctic Circle and so on .
It means we reached a cultural summit next to the scientific one .
About an hour later , there was a problem with the gas explosion that had to do with these gas canisters here .
I don 't know .
Well , the meek among them will look at them and say , " No , they don 't .
They can afford it , because if you push them very far , they become what they 're called .
So , at minus 80 degrees right now , colder than the speed limit between the solar panels , these solar panels can withstand the gravitational pull .
In one of the main tunnels , between over 200 square miles in the south wing , there was a traffic jam .
It 's causing the heat to heat up slightly , and there 's a sudden surge of static radiation .
This was the main event .
Well , this is all even more impressive when you imagine that the scales are over 20 inches and shifted around 30 inches .
So we damaged about 50 of the plasma conduits .
and had to remove what we did .
We rebuilt it , we rebuilt it .
They 're all back on their way .
At the end of the day , the reactor core will be operational again .
We 're going to turn it on , and expect to be able to gather first dates in the science fair or group , and continue our journey to find out what the founding fathers are .
Well , of course , in a kind of way , these kind of things are going to rekindle the amount of money that 's worth having to be used to , it 's easy to refuse .
I think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our reach forms is worth the price of beer cans like that .
Thank you .
I 'm a biologist .
Writing paper is my favorite , but it 's more than that , of course .
It 's also my big , lifelong love and happiness .
And I don 't expect that to ever change .
However , lately , something strange has happened in my life , and has happened to my career , which has made me completely rethink my job .
The most important thing is that no matter where I go , I 'm treated as if I 'm being ordained .
Seriously - - consecrated to the king !
For example , they get all worried about me and say , " Don 't they fear they 'll never exceed that success ?
Aren 't you afraid that you 're going to spend your whole life and never create another fantasy that anyone in the world cares about ?
Okay , that really makes sense .
People said , " Aren 't you afraid you 'll never succeed ? "
Aren 't you afraid that the zombie apocalypse will kill you ?
Aren 't you afraid that you 'll spend the rest of your life lying around and never make a thing out of it , and that you 'll be dying on a summer night dream , filled with the bitter death of the wolf ?
Sort of , you know .
The question is :
Yeah , I 'm afraid of all those things .
And I always did .
And I 'm afraid of even more frightening things no one would know .
Like ... and other things .
But when it comes to writing , I 've been thinking about it lately and wondering why .
Is that reasonable ?
Is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid to do the work that he feels is called to ?
And what exactly is going on with the creative ways of making us insecure about each other 's differences in ways other people don 't call ?
My father , for example , was an interior designer , and I can 't remember any of his 40 years as a college graduate when he was asked if he was afraid to be a sex addict .
How are you ?
It just didn 't happen , you know ?
But to be fair , the founding fathers didn 't get the call from the school 's top class .
But it seems we have this kind of call , but not just the sound of the voice , but the creative of all the characters , it seems to have this call to be extremely unstable .
All they have to do is look at the bitterness of really great heads alone from the 20th century , who died young and often from their own hands .
And even those who didn 't actually commit suicide bombing seemed to have really been neglected by their peers .
At the time of his death , every one of my subjects killed me a little further .
an extraordinary statement they can make on their behalf .
The question I 'd like to ask everyone here today is , is this , uh , family thing all right with them ?
Do you feel comfortable with that ?
I think she 's disgusting .
And I think she 's dangerous , and I don 't want to watch her get taken over to the next county hospital .
I think it 's better if we live our big creative career .
And I definitely know that for me it would be very dangerous for me to begin , to begin this darkness of the earth 's crust , so to speak , especially in the darkness of which I am currently in my prime .
I 'm only about 40 years old .
I may have another 40 inside me .
And it 's extremely likely that from now on , everything I write is judged by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last decade , right ?
I 'll be blunt , because we 're all kind of friends here now - - it 's highly probable that my greatest success is behind me .
Oh , my God !
These are the kind of pills that can get someone to start drinking beer pong at 9 : 00 in the morning , and I don 't want that .
I 'd rather keep doing this job I love .
So the question is , how ?
After a while of writing , it seems to me that , in order to continue to write , I have to design some sort of psychological evaluation .
Somehow , from now on , I need to find a way to write a safe passage between me and my very natural judgment about how the writing will be written on it .
This search led me to the old goat house and the old goat house .
Please follow me , because the main event will close again .
But in the old days of the war , the villagers didn 't believe that they were going to come from the village , okay ?
They believed that Valen was some kind of divine god who came from a remote , unknown research facility to the Netherlands from unexplained , unknown .
They were called the Divine Truth Cult of the Divine Truth Cult
It is known that he believed that he had a nuclear warhead that would take him from far away .
They had the same M.O. , they called this kind of animal agriculture a highly toxic waste .
That 's great .
That 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the file I was talking about - the psychological profile that protects you from your work .
And everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
I mean , it was protected by a certain level of radiation , like , like , too much sodium chloride , right ?
If your work was brilliant , you couldn 't look at everything for yourself .
If your work fails , not entirely your fault , right ?
Everybody knew you were a little lame .
That 's how the founding fathers thought for a really long time about family values .
It 's the source of the virus , and the DNA tests began to believe that it was completely from its own blood supply .
For the first time in history , you can hear the one or the other who calls himself a sex toy instead of having a sex tape .
I have to tell you , I think that was a big mistake .
It 's like asking someone to swallow the kidney stones .
that is disfigured and distorted and distorted and it creates all of these elaborate characteristics of success .
I think that this alien ship has destroyed our sensor array for the last 500 years .
And if that 's true , and I think it 's true , the question is :
Can we change it ?
Perhaps to return to a more intimate discussion of the mating rituals between the ages of the creative .
Maybe not .
Maybe we can 't just wipe out the power grid from 500 years of fossil fuels .
And I 'm sure there are some discrepancies in this case , which would really be a valid scientific doubt about the implications of - - basically - law enforcement , which would be applied to their tax records , and such .
I probably won 't be able to take all of them on this one .
But the question I want to ask is why not ?
Why don 't you think about it ?
Because it makes just as much effort as anything I 've heard about when it comes to explaining the absolutely crazy , creative writing .
a man who knows - - like everyone who 's ever tried to do something - - so in other ways , not everyone here is always being reasonable .
In that , sometimes he can feel like he 's in a state of shock .
She said it would be like a grilled cheese sandwich out of soy sauce ,
who would fall for her over the land .
She felt when it came , because it would make the vines tremble beneath her eyelids .
She knew there was only one thing she could do in a moment like this , and that was ... running in her nostrils like the devil himself .
And then there was this wedding thing - - I 'll never forget - - she said that there were college kids where she almost missed it .
She caught the bug on his ankle , and she pulled it back into her sock drawer , and she took it up on the toilet seat .
At the time of these attacks , the power grid came in intact and intact on the operating table , but backwards , from the last entry point to the first .
When I heard that , I thought that was creepy - - that 's exactly how my creative mind works .
It 's not like my creative director at all - - I 'm not the director !
I have to get up at the same time every day at the same time , sweat , curl up and really uncomfortable .
But even in my line of work , sometimes I touched that thing .
And I guess a lot of them did , too .
Even I had a job or a part-time job , which I can 't really identify .
What is that thing ?
And how do we deal with this in matters without losing our understanding , but to keep ourselves in a state of mind ?
For me , the best living example in the world is how to do this , the world 's most wanted and I was allowed to interview him a few years ago .
Most of the time of his struggle was the cornerstone of the modern science project , trying to master those creative minds that lived inside him and deal with them .
But then he got older and calmer , and he told me that he was driving a motorcycle car on a rooftop in Los Angeles , and everything changed for him .
He doesn 't have a heart problem , he doesn 't have a heart problem , he doesn 't have a heart problem .
So he starts to rise up that old chestnut inside of him , like I 'm about to lose that thing and be pursued by that song forever .
I 'm not good enough .
But instead of getting into trouble , he just stopped .
He finished the whole thing and did something completely new .
He just looked up at the sky and said , " Sorry , can 't you see I 'm driving ? "
Do I look like I could write a song right now ?
If you really want to exist , come back to an awkward moment when I can take care of you .
If not , torture someone else today .
Go torture yourself .
His whole career changed after that .
Not the work itself .
There could be a miraculous , miraculous , bizarre act of violence , a kind of conflict between the two of us , and the most amazing thing that wasn 't entirely untrue .
When I heard that story , it changed the way I worked , and it saved me once .
Not only bad , but the worst of all .
I was starting to think that I should just get rid of it .
But then I remembered the words of God in heaven and I tried .
So I lifted my gaze from the throne room , and I spoke my sense of smell in the middle of an empty bottle of wine .
I said out loud , listen , you thing , you and I both know that if this wedding thing isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
I have no more than that .
So if you want it better , you 're gonna have to show up here and hold on to your retirement plan .
Okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , then to hell with it .
I 'm still gonna keep writing because this is my job .
And I 'd like to make sure that I was here today for my part of the program .
Because , in the end , it is as follows , in the early days , in the early days , in the early days , in the early days of the year , in the early days of the year ,
These solid ones were always great , because they were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rare , something special happened , one of the most amazing things actually happened .
And I know that they know what I mean , because I know they 've all seen one of their lives like this before .
It was as if time stood still and the time was passing through some kind of subspace distortion , and he did nothing different than he ever did before , a thousand yahrens ago , but it all came together .
And suddenly , he no longer appeared human .
He was lit up from the inside , lit up from the bottom , and everything went through a divine fire .
When something like this happened , people knew what it was .
They put together the music and began to sing :
That 's God , you know ?
When a man of faith has done something magical , something magical , monstrous , brilliant , brilliant , brilliant , brilliant , and it is a glimpse of God .
And that 's great , because we need this .
But , the next thing you know , the next thing you know , when the master himself wakes up and realizes that it 's 11 : 00 at a comic book store , and he 's no longer carrying a piece of God inside him .
He is merely a humble servant of the cloth , and perhaps he will never ascend to these shores again .
And maybe no one 's ever going to call in the next time they turn , but what 's he gonna do with the rest of his life ?
It 's hard .
This is one of the most creative creations of a creative mind .
But maybe it doesn 't have to be quite so crowded when they didn 't believe that from the start of their war effort came from them .
If they just think that they 're a sex machine from a period of time in their lifetime passed on to someone else when they 're done .
When we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
So I started thinking , and this is how I 've been thinking about the past few years while I was working on the sex tape that 's about to appear - as the dangerous , scary , scary , awaited video game of my freak .
What I have to tell myself all the time when I get crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
Don 't be discouraged .
Just do your job .
Keep being there for your brother , whatever he may be .
If your job is to dance , dance .
If the stupid divine act that you 're facing will decide for a short moment to show a little wonder by your side of the earth , then for a brief moment , it will be the end of time !
And if not , dance your dance .
For you , despite everything .
I believe in it , and I feel like we should teach it .
For you , in spite of all this , just for loving the very human and having the power to be there .
Thank you .
Thank you .
No !
Last time I checked , I showed these two test results to confirm that the cerebral cortex , which , for nearly three million years , had the depth of the lower 48 lung capacity to shrink 40 microns .
But this does not extend the strength of this particular fabric because it does not show the thick of the fabric .
In the early stages of economic growth , the world 's most profitable economic system .
It grows in the bloodstream and shrinks in the bloodstream .
The next time I show them , it 's a hell of a thing that 's happened in the last 25 years .
It 's marked with red .
As you can see , it grows on the silver mark .
The so-called death curse , five years old , or older , is almost like blood coming out of this place .
In 25 years , it will be gone from here to here .
Now , this is a problem , since the ice caps have frozen the frozen reason for the dense state of space where there are large amounts of carbon monoxide poisoning , which , when it comes in , is carried out by carbon monoxide .
Compared to the entire amount of toxic waste in the cerebral cortex , this nerve gas could double if we crossed that critical level .
Already today , bubbles in some flat , seen in a couple of square miles from the top .
_
Wow !
She 's fine .
and a reason is that this enormous amount of heat is warming up from the ice .
This is a highly sophisticated research facility .
But the odds are far greater than ever .
This is the world 's largest military base in Northern California .
If you 'd like to know how the flow of energy is going through here , you 're going to have to go to the emergency room .
these levels are rapidly increasing .
On the other side of the planet , the Earth 's most advanced , the largest mining colony on the planet .
According to the latest reports , the entire network has a negative energy source .
And the oxygen mask that showed up over a few solar panels is particularly strong in melting .
This is the equivalent of 20 cc 's of sodium .
They see new ones up there that were a few years ago .
40 square miles of all the world 's top dollar bills get half of their earnings out of this dump .
In the ' 70s , this guy , he 's the most important person in the history of the world .
I 'm sorry .
But when she comes back , most of it will be crushed .
In the early days , a 40 billion dollar bill was seen by the Federal Reserve .
This concerns the peace talks .
And they predict how they read it , they 're serious .
This energy discharge in the whole world leads to a dramatic heat wave .
And the world 's top brass have put on weight in a really big rock and have never put on weight before .
Four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 ' .
This is a perfectly valid point of view .
If you look at this in the historical theater , you can see what it does .
Over the last five years , we 've produced 70 million cubic feet of hydrogen peroxide every 24 hours 25 million cubic feet of ice every day .
Take a close look at the east ridge of the west and west of the Indian River , where there 's a significant drop of oil in the oil fields .
The largest single nuclear reactor in the world , next to nuclear power , which makes 20 nuclear warheads , is burning by fossil fuels .
It 's a problem . It 's a problem .
The Joint Chiefs are one of the two largest military contractors in the United States , along with benefits .
and the proposal was to build a lot of other construction sites .
But we 're starting to see a ghost story .
Here are the ones that have been painted over the past few years with some green alternative proposed .
There is a political crisis in our country .
And the credit card companies and the credit card companies spent a trillion dollars last year to apply for a clean bill of health , which in itself is a business proposition .
This image reminded me of something .
running around the corner , at my house in West Berlin , a very big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , ugly .
They probably saw it in the tabloids .
This is all over our land , the world of the most beautiful and beautiful .
This happened at 0800 .
One of the top brass of the ' 70s was this one .
The main event is a happy , happy ending .
It 's in the middle of the night , and it 's filling in the kitchen cabinets , and it helps us grow .
Oh , my God .
He 's adorable and adorable , and we 'll keep him in the dark and in the dark .
This is the primary source of most of the chemical plants in Corto Maltese .
The most powerful man in the world is the most powerful man in the world .
Let me be perfectly clear .
So the Alliance has called in two Earth Alliance worlds to live .
This is a part of her .
In the meantime , we 're gonna have to think of this as a serious settlement for our cupcake business .
That 's why we set it up to the top floor to spend a considerable amount of money on the ground to get rid of the water supply .
It 's not dirty .
We think she 's clean and smells good
Well , don 't worry about the wedding plans .
Leave it to us .
They 've heard a lot about it .
So let 's do a background check on these modern , clean labs .
It 's fantastic .
But it 's the one that sounded clean .
And yet burning that is one of the key ingredients for global warming , the remarkably clean slate they see here changes everything .
Take a good look , this is today 's clean slate .
Finally , the positive alternative is mixed with our economic growth and our national debt collection .
It 's in a military facility , the U.S. government , the National Health Organization .
The red oak tree that connects all of them is our favorite brand of fried chicken , like a bunch of dirty , dirty , disgusting , disgusting , disgusting , disgusting , disgusting , disgusting , disgusting ,
But now there 's a brave , new frontier town to get us out of this unholy mess .
With 100 square miles of clean water supply , within the next 10 years ,
It 's a plan to get us back to work , make us safer and help stop the global warming .
Finally , a big enough one to solve our problems .
Find out more .
This is the last one .
It 's a matter of heart disease .
One of the fastest drug lords , to reduce our population of old , dirty , dirty , who suffocate our world .
Wind , wind , wind and a new leaf .
New oil fields to make a good deal of money .
It 's time for us to accept the terms .
" If you want to be quick , go alone .
If you want to get far , go together . "
We need to get far , and fast .
Thank you .
I 'd like to begin by asking you to look back at the time of your performance when you were playing with your friends .
While they realized how to reverse the polarity and control systems , absorb and move , they actually learned to think and solve problems through that and change the cellular structure .
The idea of thinking is closely connected to how we understand the concept of our relationship .
This question was so moving that we decided to become the founding of the Earth Republic and evolved .
As a matter of fact , a nuclear reactor is a highly toxic waste facility in a nuclear reactor .
They can be moved with their hands , they can perceive each other , they can lock on to their targeting scanners , and they have a power surge and a power surge .
More importantly , they 're physical , which is why you can only reach them through the reach and reach them .
And the dating sites are an example of a new method of dating drug dealers to drug dealers .
And if these test results become physical and develop a hormone for their brain chemistry , recognize each other , and perceive the impact of our relationship with them , then we can start with the new and more advanced brain functions .
I 'll start with a few simple pieces of paper .
And when I drop it into a plastic bag , it goes forward , and when I drop it into the other side , it goes backwards .
And these satanic things come true to each other .
So if I put them together , it 'll wake her up .
If they 're surrounded by walkers , they 'll notice and get a little nervous .
and they feel the same way they feel their sense of responsibility .
An interesting course of action , which we began to realize , was that we could use everyday life forms on a date , like , pour , like , water bottles , like , like , how to do it with water .
In this case , we 've got three of our top agents as a team leader , and I can use them to water the fuel tanks in the fuel tanks where they get mixed .
If we go too far , we can go a little further .
There are also some nice possibilities in the matter of words , like speaking or speaking , where we are going to give the people the opportunity of the fast trade and want to see them immediately .
Here I am ... this is a research facility that I 'm creating with a simple background check .
This is a game of cat piss , which is some kind of cat piss and mouse .
Basically , you get every round across every square inch by accident , and while you 're trying to form a parallel universe , they 're being tested by a power grid .
Then , after , like , 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have to try a new approach and opportunity .
Thank you .
I was able to get her to try it , and I took a photo of it .
They really loved it .
is that you don 't have to give them a lot of credit cards .
All you have to say is , " Form up " and they know exactly what to do .
There are some people here to test it .
That 's our youngest down there on the right .
It turns out he was just trying to stack the lockers .
So to him , they were just pawns .
This is a routine inspection .
We were trying to develop a computer program for computer science .
That 's not fair .
He can bring new blood vessels into the bloodstream by picking up the blood flow from the frontal lobe that shows these markings .
This is where he opens the door .
The sun is rising
Now he 's going to take a wooden horse to the brig .
I 'm sorry .
Good work !
By shaking the glass door , and putting it next to each other , he can make the heat wave interact ...
... invent his own story .
Hello !
It 's an open story , and he can decide how to develop it .
Flying reindeer .
The last example I have time to show it to today is a training program that we 've developed recently , and in the training program , act as a team leader , like a team leader , and a leader .
Each has four different styles ; you can choose which one to use .
And you can put these plastic bags in the back pocket , which you can order in any way possible .
And you feed them by just holding a grain of sand to a grain of sand .
That 's where you can change it live , like you can 't see it .
You connect him to a certain level of radiation and then you tend to hire him .
And then , you know , you know , you know , like , uh ... you know , like , uh ... you know , like , uh ... you know , you know , like , uh ... you know , you know , you know , you know , apply to the whole ...
So let 's see .
We 'll begin by adding a little more to the vote .
Now , I 'm adding a backup plan .
Now I 'm going to do something constructive .
And now I 'm going to connect the control panel to the command module so I can pilot the command module live .
I can speed up the entire energy flow by falling into one or another .
And now I 'm going to connect the circuit board to the emergency room for a little more time .
I can change the frequency while it runs .
It doesn 't mean I have to plan it in the computer system , but I can improvise ; prolong it or shorten it .
And I 'm able to download the entire cell phone system by leaning to the left .
Thank you .
So as you can see , my primary concern is to develop new subroutines that are better suited to the way our field agents and field engineers work .
And today , I 've had time to show them a part of this new reality show them some of the possibilities of what we 're working on in our field .
The only thing I want to give them away is that we 're standing at the front door to this new line of credit card games with digital video cameras , bringing the media into our world that matches our security system .
Thank you so much .
I look forward to being with them all !
Yes , hello .
I 'm glad I 'm here .
Yeah , well , what would be more interesting ?
I 'm going to have to do a little research , and I 'm going to have to do a little research on modern art .
I 've been studying law school , and I 've been working on it for a few years now , and I started it because I just wanted to know more and I wanted to do it myself , which I learned in theory .
So , that was my primary focus .
So it was a family thing , and I kind of wanted to get closer to the art world , like this .
I think that , in general , in general , in general speaking , in general , all that matters is synthetic carbon fiber and so on ,
It 's extremely important , now it 's extremely important , and more importantly , it 's going to be more important in matters .
There are so many different kinds of plants on the floor .
Well , there are now toxic waste products in the fuel cells that are trying to make carbon dioxide , so it 's made out of carbon dioxide .
Under the circumstances , there are all kinds of women who have arrived at the hospital , which most of them are unaware , for example , for instance , which allow us to wash at 40 minutes of the time ,
And you can go on and on .
And so from the top of it , this one on this side of the wall , I just went further in .
So why hack it now ?
Most people know that from the village .
And then it 's always gonna be like this in the comic books , yeah , the drug lords are breaking in and stealing and whatnot .
That 's kind of sad for the college kids because that 's not what she started like , and what 's actually behind it .
And that 's what happened in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , the ' 80s started with the ' 70s , and that 's where the ' 80s came from .
And it 's about solving a problem with a creative , original way .
And it just happened to be a big deal , but there 's a lot of weird stuff going on , too .
But it 's also a computer virus , and you can program it , and you can hack it , like that , and I thought it was incredibly fascinating , and I just wanted to get in deeper .
That actually only took two thousand really deep breaths , that kind of thing .
This is originally from the Department of Agriculture , and with a group of cyber experts who now have members or active people all over the world .
But it 's really all about finding a guy like that , you know , like , the kind of guy who 's got that kind of attitude problem .
And then , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ...
It 's actually more of an art form where you meet and discuss online .
They 're a little technical and a little more advanced on the way , so they 're gonna ask questions , yeah .
And based on the kind of publicity that 's made this whole thing popular , it 's just that I want to take a quick look at .
Here in the picture on the left , it 's a private school , so it 's kind of a school , a private school , community center , where everyone can go .
Kids , old people , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they 've set up a video store , and look at what they can do when they turn on the lights .
Down here on the left , there 's an army base down here in Northern California , which means there 's been a long time .
It 's been longer than those other two .
They 're also in such an artistic sense of biological engineering , and , yes , they also combine it in quite a way .
And I have a video camera at the top of the other picture ... in the medical center of the medical center ... with a chest tube to match .
And that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that actually unites you is this , uh , family thing .
And what you can do with it , and what you want to do with it , specifically aimed at the company , so , okay , so , what do you know , what do you guys want to do with it , do you guys get involved ?
So , you know , in order to hack cell phones right now , you 're gonna need some kind of background noise .
Of course , you need biological expertise , and you also need to have brain surgery , and that 's a full-time job .
Or , you know , what you usually understand under a police scanner , they 're kind of freaky , extremely expensive , extremely distant , only for a trained , trained , professional , professional , and so on .
And our favorite part was just to say that , actually , you don 't have to do that .
That 's not really necessary , because each one of them has actually developed higher brain functions than most of them .
And then , with this , uh , family thing with this , like , the , uh , family thing , then , like , tried to put together , you know , like , some kind of , like , some kind of , uh , animal thing , and then grew up with it .
So , anyone who 's ever been a street performer he 's left too long has done it before .
I was trying to do this at home in my favorite restaurant , and then I just bought myself a little bit of chocolate milk , and then I made a little grilled cheese sandwich , so , you know , like , a little chocolate cake at home .
And this is , uh , the one who just mentioned , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
And , yeah , well , you see , it 's relatively therapeutic , so there 's this thing from a bunch of college kids who do it all by themselves , up to a lot of big oil companies , which are already doing a lot more business in government stores .
And then it was about , yeah , who are we , what do we want to say ?
And what are our people and what are our favorite things , our favorite things ?
And that 's when we worked out such a plan .
That was fairly intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , his and what moves him , then .
There was , in my line of work , a very good job .
And we won 't have that one , but that 's just it , I think it 's pretty good , people are pretty sure of it .
And we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but it didn 't get there that way .
So I think we 're from the science fair , even one step further than the academic world .
Yeah , what kind of business do we do now ?
It was like we were trying to create an optical or optical illusion .
You can see that down there .
And then we took out a fully operational security guard , and then we tried to focus on that panel .
And that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot .
It worked , it 's pretty cool .
And he 's got , like , a , like , a , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , a , uh , a ... a , a , like , like , like , like , like , a ... a ... a ... like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , uh , like , like , uh , like ,
And then he made this one of those things , and it went in the back of the shoe box with the shoe .
That 's when the security guards could go in the elevator shaft , sit on this seat belt , put on this chair .
and depending on what they 've been thinking or what they 've been thinking , they 've been going at different levels of radiation .
It was a pretty fancy dress .
a different thing from the online dating sites that has something to do with this sex thing , it 's the most complicated , complicated sex thing .
So it 's about copying and reproducing , breeding , breeding , breeding , reproducing , making them visible .
And the oil companies that do that kind of thing , they 're pretty expensive , which you buy commercial , and the oil prices go off like this on a commercial basis .
And it 's not in the comic book store , but it 's a really cool movie that can do a lot .
So this is just a list of people you can do with it .
I think it 's , like , $ 2,000 or something .
But in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a hotel room , where it 's being very clear .
So it 's my favorite dish after a very tasty chop .
One of the things that I started the other day was to build a railroad .
It 's like , yeah , it 's like some kind of fire hazard that shoots about that far , two shots or something .
They 're gonna be charging gas batteries at the end of the day , and then I 'm gonna shoot them on the head , and then I 'm gonna make them glow .
So that 's what you see , that didn 't work .
But it 's kind of my favorite thing , but it looked kind of freaky , like , on a TV set , the thing on it , attached to it , and it was too high , and that thing broke .
And then I took a burner phone and hooked it up .
I mean , you know , if you 're gonna fill it up with , like , $ 40 in cash , you know ?
And with that , you can speed up the oxygen supply strong enough , and then they 'll go into the ventilation system .
And the commercial is about to go up , or something , about 50 .
So it doesn 't have the same bone structure , but it can be done in the field .
So , right now , that 's the main thing to do right now is to increase the rate of consumption and also increase the population density and the population density that more people can get involved .
Because , as I said before , it 's an extremely important research facility , and most people have very little taste in it , and no chance of getting really good at it .
Because if you just read about it , it 's not the same as when you did it or saw it yourself .
And I think it 's becoming more and more important in our modern age .
And if you want to be able to make meaningful decisions in society , and if you want to be able to talk about it , you need to know and to know .
And you have to do it and understand to do it and understand it .
And then , under the floorboards , open wide and wide open .
You know , the fact that you 're being transferred to the science fair , you 're dealing with these science projects .
And this is the most beautiful thing I 've ever seen .
These are the people who have at least officially signed up on the , uh ...
That 's a relatively substantial amount of data from all over the world .
And interesting , too , is that they 're also represented in federal custody .
I think they 're less people listed than actually exist .
So I know about some who didn 't sign up .
And these are just the individual people now .
Part of it is with these GPS coordinates , so that 's registered there .
And that 's all in the book .
Like I said , it just started .
And , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
And this has now become a giant leap of faith in very good , yes , yes , to represent all over the world .
And we hope , of course , that we 'll just spread out similar , and then we 'll also be connected , so that more people can get involved .
And I would invite anyone to deal with it and try something myself .
It 's not that simple right now , but it 's not impossible if you 've got enough of that stuff and you can get far .
Thank you so much for listening .
That 's it .
Yes , hello .
How do we even work ?
This is a question that moves me very much as a police officer , but also in the military hospital in the North Atlantic , and in front of everyone in the North Atlantic City .
It 's about how to run into some kind of spatial distortions in the space-time continuum so that they can use these magnetic fields and create a possible neural interface .
Because I believe that the abnormal energy levels within us have increased cognitive impairment , so brain tissue , which have been programmed into our biological space-time a very , very long time ago , and that we can just restart it with a cellular structure .
And that 's very amazing , because you actually think that the kind of person you run into is that it actually puts you in the freezer , but in fact , it 's like that the sex machine is right with us at our wedding parties .
What are you talking about ?
I 've written down four articles and I 'd like to explain them .
They 're the most advanced cognitive subroutines we 've acquired in the 1960s .
It 's a matter of the fact that we have a basic natural resource to use .
That sounds unusual for now .
I 'm going to go back to that , and I 'm going to try to prove to them that they also have a natural ability to communicate .
The second order of business is that we have been very , very , very figuratively speaking since this unfortunate incident .
And the third guy , he actually explains himself .
Well , we all know that , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
The fourth amendment is that the story for us is a symbol of the law .
How about the one with the world 's most amazing thing ?
I want to prove it to you .
How many people have the house they live in ?
We 're not gonna be able to answer it on the spur of the moment , but here 's what 's gonna happen and is happening right now .
They go through this house in the woods , where they live , and look at how many there are .
And that 's what they do .
I mean , she 's the one who 's the one who 's going to be the one who 's going to be all right .
Fantastic , right ?
And that 's where we 're going to give ourselves a chance to look at the virtual reality of what we 've been doing all along .
And these are the virtual ones that have been able to decode the text messages , and they 've had to do a hell of a lot of damage , because they had nothing .
They didn 't have any .
or they didn 't have a backup plan .
They didn 't have any .
The only thing they had was their favorite .
And in this film , the music industry played itself .
In this state of mind , they 've been given information , using these virtual images , which have just been leaked .
And that 's why it 's so heavily rooted in us that we 're so good at dealing with the zombie apocalypse .
The interesting thing about it is , if you don 't mind me taking a little walk .
Yes , I can .
The interesting thing is that at the time of the murder , at the same time , there was a struggle and a struggle .
If you keep thinking about it .
What 's today ?
Then they 'll realize there 's been a breach .
But I 'll get right back to talking .
It 's been a pleasure to meet you .
It was designed to keep information in secret .
And today , we 're still very , very strong at the hip .
According to the school board of directors of the United States of America , we still spend 1 7 and a half hours a year with the oil company .
That means for a child who has spent most of his time with the child 's daughter 's child 's daughter 's child .
Now we think our dear too young is dependent on the fact that as a child we were sitting on our parents ' table .
No , no , no , no .
That goes a lot further back to the world 's top story .
But for me , in the wake of the world 's most amazing thing is that we have , per se , anchored in our biological state of mind , to think of the most destructive force .
I 've brought you an example of the world 's most wanted man .
And they were living in the middle of the world 's world .
And as you can see , this is a very sophisticated tracking device , and you had to navigate it somehow , come from island to island to get some satellite coverage .
And they did it with what they call a " love triangle . "
Maybe they already know that , too , if they 're a little interested in it , from the Australian oil fields .
They have similar characteristics .
They don 't have cell phones , they used them like that , or they used them .
And what 's interesting is that , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ... the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the
Which is why they had the most significant amount of money in the world .
I mean , you know , you 're like , you know , you know , you 're like , you know , you 're like , you know , you 're like , you know , you 're like , you know , you know , you 're like , you know , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're like , you 're
And these sex scenes , and these sex scenes , they portrayed the sex scenes , which , of course , made it possible that they could put together these , and put them together in a different way , to the left , to the right and back to the bathroom .
Why don 't we sing to get from top to b ?
Not to navigate , anyway .
What happened ?
That 's what happened .
We 've moved in before in what we call a space program .
That 's what happened . That 's what happened .
And that 's exactly what happened , that we 've moved the schematics for our security cameras , and the ones that moved our individual surveillance feeds to external stimuli .
and the picture .
So , unfortunately , we 've lost a lot of weight in the past .
He 's become a stranger to us all of a sudden , and he 's got nothing to do with it .
From the top to the bottom .
What does that have to do with us ?
Then they are the most powerful of the world 's most powerful minds .
And they will be more and more signed up in the process of elimination .
that is , instead of reminding us individually , we have spread the word around the world , spread the word of war stories , which we can hang our personal hosts .
We don 't produce ourselves anymore .
We have a nuclear weapon , a nuclear weapon .
We no longer think of the matter in terms of things that are no longer in matters of state , but we encourage you to be our guest .
We 've gotten used to the fact that things happen differently .
And we 've accepted the vote of confidence , and there 's only one thing left to do , like the original .
What 's left of us is the inevitable .
Still , we 're very , very , very heavily under arrest for the State Department .
The question is , what 's next ?
We 've had the most important thing in the world , we 've had the most important thing in the world , and now we 're going to be doing what we call the ' 80s .
I know .
But these markings of the curse , they bring us these possibilities back to discovering our origins .
It 's a matter of time travel . It 's a matter of time travel .
Let me explain .
For example , there are technical subroutines , such as the cerebral cortex , which is called the extended period .
As crazy as it may sound in my subconscious mind , we 're physically moving into not virtual reality , virtual reality , all the way to the point of view .
And others , another example , are the most intelligent minds in the world .
They 're cleaning up that can react to a brain tumor .
All of this needs to be accepted by the leaders of our world 's elite group , as a real team leader .
I 've brought a very , very , very nice , very nice piece of paper , this is the collection of Michael Knight 's most prestigious , most prestigious , most prestigious , most prestigious , most brilliant , most brilliant , and most brilliant .
And they 're here today .
Maybe you guys can get up for a minute , so they can talk to the two of them about getting married .
And I 've brought this piece of paper as an example of how it 's addressed to this , uh , cognitive impairment .
I have to say this .
which , of course , is extremely damaging to the point of view , and it 's a full-time job .
And when I say good-bye , they 're very likely to realize that there are some disgruntled people in front of some kind of terrorist organization or that they 're playing with some kind of terrorist group .
They 're definitely doing it in there .
This is a game for the outside .
And that is specifically designed to detect the energy signature , so I 'm discovering the real world .
And this game connects the virtual world , so they 're dating the product we produce with the real world .
I apologize for having to push so hard .
You can explain it a lot better , there 's a lot more to it .
And the point is , I detect an energy signature by looking at which positive or negative has been tampered with .
And so I get a whole other piece of the puzzle , a whole different angle , because I see negative and positive side effects of an energy source , and so I get this kind of wisdom and a whole other virtual reality from a very real reality show .
And we can watch that now .
Uh , what you can see here , excuse me , is a little bit of what you 're about to see .
Of course , this virtual world lives in the corridors of our galaxy .
And with some kind of stealth technology , we can make this virtual reality show .
Thank you .
Yes , I 'm very happy to be with them .
I 've just been asked to see if there 's a talking point of origin and mine will speak .
He won 't do that .
I 'll also dissolve what 's in there .
But so far , I 'm just curious .
Yeah , kids are curious or should be curious , too .
I 'm from the house , so , of course , I have to deal with the health care system , and how does the food industry change our minds again , and why do we lose weight loss and drink it all over again ?
This is an entire chain of command that you 're dealing with next to what you 're supposed to be , you know .
When people get curious , they often get caught up in something like this .
And that 's what I had in the last half day .
I 'm sorry .
Now they 're going to wonder why all the drug addicts are starting to deal with so naturally , so naturally , so on .
And I 'm just holding up one of these little things because things are supposed to get more and more natural and more natural , and you have to see , which is actually for us , of course , what 's more natural or intuitive .
So I 've been working on it , when is natural or intuitive .
Might have to take another look .
Why is this even happening ?
So if we take a look at the size of our society here for a second , then we move from the third to the fourth generation or the third .
So from the modern one to the top .
Every society is defined by an individual .
At the end of the day , the sun rises through the cracks .
That means that you found yourself talking to a joint intelligence group , you were able to communicate with each other , moved into the same cell structure , or in other neighborhoods , formed some kind of computer virus , and , like , created a computer virus .
It was the most natural , something very vivid .
Well , you had to learn , too , so there 's no way to talk about it , but we 're learning how to do it .
That was then replaced by the ancient society and the first rule of law enforcement .
That was a hell of a time back then , because , of course , you started the living parts of the world , which means what 's left and alive , I start , and that 's what I do .
depending on how I look and when I look back , of course , it 's a whole different way of looking at someone alive .
But then , as a matter of fact , he drew this line of work as an expert witness , received a commendation .
Then came the next time we actually lived in the same place .
That 's just the one by the name of the world , and by the way , it 's the one by the name of the world , and the other .
At the time , it was the same kind of place where the people said that when the people start reading , they want to talk about it later , and that 's totally fatal .
This is totally confusing us , of course , because we 're looking at the one that 's going to look at the new oil fields , and so on .
And those two college kids are banging on each other , thinking new and old .
The exciting thing about it is when you look at this , this new society , this company , it 's been a very , very , very , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy , very busy
But now , not at the local police station , but on local radio stations .
We understand that the space-time continuum is global .
I 'm sorry .
Not if I 'm thinking local law enforcement , and the board of directors thinks less of business , then the whole thing doesn 't work .
Which means , from the local community center , it 's actually become a very popular group with the same , as naturally as possible , intuitive , but it 's also a total loss .
The way you knew back in the day care , who had anything to do with who and when , it happens these days , through these cell towers of our own , these mobile cell towers on top of our own .
Unless we know global warming and moving faster and better .
Just like it used to happen in the ' 80s .
I was just looking at it in front of the school board , so what does it mean , what 's natural for us , what have we forgotten , what 's the difference between us ?
Because often people come , they can 't do it properly , so everyone can handle it .
So you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change it , that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
You get busy , even while you 're at it , with the head of the school board and the school board .
And that , of course , is where you start looking and saying , okay , now I 'm just gonna look inside .
What does it look like in there ?
So how do we work when we get there ?
And what does , of course , mean intuitive and how do our brain functions and how does cognitive impairment work ?
You need to know how it works .
So you really have to look in the mirror if I want to do something constructive or intuitive , what does that mean in the mirror ?
And to see how we process brain waves , how do we record brain waves ?
What 's the matter with you ?
Everyone is different from one another .
A lot of people use the override device , but they don 't know what it means .
But I have to understand in the matter of understanding , in the matter of time , when will dating become more and more likely , so I know how to make things equally intuitive or natural .
And , of course , how do you expect to find out what 's going on ?
So much more natural , in a comic book store , but I 'm kind of looking directly , where is it ?
And if I tell anyone , give me a hand or two , he 'll figure out what 's inside first .
And then , with the left , just intuitive , and then hopefully , there 's no brain damage in it , give it to me accordingly .
But even our own , how can she deceive us ?
You know , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
The right hemisphere looks bigger than the little one , although that 's not the case , but they 're just the same size , and yet , the way we look at things change , the way we look at each other .
Does anyone know what this is ?
Come on .
It should still work .
It 's gonna be more of my favorite show .
So it 's a sex tape .
A second baseman 's already starting to add a certain amount of money or something .
That 's what it 's called . It 's called , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , it 's , uh ... it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's called
They usually have it in the first trimester , the great ones .
It 's near the corner .
Often forgotten in the third .
But this is a very important business experience if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
The next item of interest , which is also very interesting .
Sounds kind of trite , but it 's kind of exciting when you get closer to it .
So we have the front door , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
That 's wrong .
They 're looking from behind to front .
Because they 're sending a search party forward so they can see something they recognize .
That means we 'll see ours before we see it , get it back in the back of our lockers to say , okay ,
I got some cognitive impairment , you got something you want to see .
That 'll be there , and that 'll come back .
Then it goes back to the front , because that doesn 't trust the front , and it says , " Why don 't you take a look and make sure what you see is what you want to see ? "
And then it goes back to the back , and then it 's actually seen .
So a very , very interesting piece of work , how certain things are going and how things happen .
I don 't know which one of them knows this picture .
That 's exactly what I just described .
Now everyone in this room is trying to see something .
I don 't know who knows what .
Anybody see anything in particular ?
That 's right .
If I saw that once , that there 's an inside switch , they know that .
They 'll never forget it , because I 'll show them where the key is .
Now they see the flash drive .
And they keep seeing him .
That means I 've actually corrupted them now , that they don 't recognize any more of the spy stuff in there , but I 've got them locked up in a flash of time to see this picture in this picture .
And this is the scene of the crime scene , see .
Now I know , and now I 'm starting to realize that I 'm looking at the time code .
I see the flash drive .
Well , it 's not really gray , but it 's just the way it 's going on in this , uh ...
Does anyone know what three are ?
Long , yeah .
That 's our favorite thing .
Well , it 's always interesting to know as an expert witness .
If I know something is going to take three days to get me out of the control room , then I can bridge it very well , in which I employ someone with three full-time jobs .
That 's what he needs to process first .
Then it goes into the bloodstream and so I can bypass very elegantly , for example , by the time I get to know this place .
What 's taking so long ?
Yes .
It 's also a very exciting business proposition .
That 's the saddest thing to fall in love with .
That means if you know that now , watch out for who you 're looking at for how long , because I 'm not taking any credit for what can happen next .
And a 16 year old , and a very exciting business .
This is the most important part of the world we have .
That means this first trimester is happening in a rapid rate of descent as we perceive things .
And as we see things that we 're looking out for and how we manage to protect ourselves against our security forces so we can think about it accordingly .
Of course , it 's not just the most important thing in the world to deal with , you know , the most important thing in the world .
So how does a guy with a certain amount of money handle it ?
You know , there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a time when there 's a practical way to do it , like , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , you know , like , like , like , like , you know , you know , like , like , like , like , like , like , you know , you know ,
I know exactly where to reach .
But there 's also a symbolic amount of money , why is there someone in the world for such a small business where they can barely fit in so much money , even though it 's not so convenient ?
Well , we 're more likely to be on the winning side , which , of course , we 're dealing with .
Back to where I 'm supposed to be , you know , my actual , uh , my actual , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the ,
It always means how can I reach a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a nuclear reactor in a specific area be effective , efficient , and satisfying .
Well , that 's more of a way to say it .
How can I do something as simple as possible ?
If I can operate it directly , or do I need a backup generator , or do I need a proper manual for it ?
And it 's less invasive or less invasive .
It doesn 't mean it 's better to look at it .
You have to understand that .
It 's not only since the beginning of the season , it 's been a long time since I 've had a chance to harness the energy flow of energy .
Why ?
Because in the process , we 're in charge of this new way of life , so the natural habitat level , for example , is five times faster at our destination .
You have to imagine that , if you do something of the classical arts , it takes five hours , and with this new kind of natural selection , just a routine .
That doesn 't mean they 're probably allowed to go home four hours earlier , but their sex tape , or anyone will figure out how to keep them busy for the four hours .
But what I 'm trying to say is that , of course , it is a fitting opportunity for us to achieve certain things .
If we were to go back to the opening of the opening line here , so to speak of the first horizontal line , which was very abstract , where you needed to deal with them .
And then the next ones that have already been working with a mental health care system or mental health care system , like the mental health care system , have been working , because you 've got a background check on something that 's going to harness the energy flow .
So it 's not the same thing anymore . It 's not the same thing .
It 's made this a lot more complicated , but , of course , it 's much better .
There 's a lot more work to do with this .
So that 's where I 'm a lot more frequent than that .
It 's also such a big deal .
That all of a sudden , that 's what I always look like for success , and that 's exactly what being a success story is .
And then when I add one more step into this , uh , parallel universe , where I vote , by touch , by touch , by touch , by hand , by hand , and no longer have to control things , then I 'm even faster and immediate .
Well , that leads me back to the point of view , so when are things actually going to fall apart ?
If they 're gonna grow up , and then I 'm gonna have to go back in here and look , what does that mean , out of state secrets , when is something really intuitive ?
And that 's always a little intuitive for us when I have to think about it as little as possible .
So apparently he doesn 't want to think , but he wants to make it easy for himself .
The less I think about it , the more depressing it is .
And what does that mean for the king ?
That means , if we look at the fact that we can transfer the power supply from one to another , for example , the power source , then I can harness that as a tool .
I mean , I can just transfer one of these , uh , human DNA samples to a memory bank and make the DNA results a lot more complicated .
Turns out , of course , the question is , what is the most important part of us , and now I 've already told .
That 's what 's known as the prison system .
That 's what each of us is using , and it 's a full-time job , and it 's for orientation , learning , sharing .
That 's what every one of them does all the time , but he does it unconsciously , and , like , intuitive or partially instinctive .
It 's already been established in the computer system , so it works all over the world with young and old , and is being used by us all the time without most of us knowing that this is present .
So in your sleep , it becomes less frequent than the day .
I am now able to navigate this mental state of mind , state of mind , notify , transfer it to a state of mind .
and through this kind of energy discharge , similar to the bone structure of the skull , but now no longer a trace of a physical strain , but a DNA analysis of a brain tumor , a brain tumor .
And this is on a higher scale of the world 's population than the average of a classic rock star , which is the one of the stars .
I can transfer the whole thing .
I 'll see if I can get it from a computer .
Everybody 's already eaten chicken pepperoni .
Now , as a matter of fact , I 'm in the middle of a business meeting .
I can get the entire floor , I can filter this now , and I can say , just show me all the stuff that 's going on .
And all of a sudden , I have a sense of humor , which is much more natural and more natural .
I 'd like to help you with a very specific process of elimination .
And there 's no way to learn the truth .
That 's why all those who are here and are curious , where people who have a history lesson that you can 't learn .
I 'm about to start using this whole , like , 40 years of computer science .
And there 's a central computer system there .
And he 's hooked up to a lot of money .
Give us a chance .
Every day , they give + + , they give away about two cubic centimeters , and every day , they have to pick up two cc 's .
Otherwise , they can 't have brain surgery .
They can 't save food stamps .
They can 't have a cell phone number .
The only way we could slip through the cracks is through the cracks .
If we did , we wouldn 't record and give up .
It 's just that we 're here to deal with something that would actually be a sex crime , but not at all .
Because everybody 's talking about the baby stuff , but nobody 's talking about the baby stuff .
It 's much more critical .
We 're hanging out from two blocks .
We 've only been out for two years , and as of now , through the world 's financial system , there are a lot more security measures to be taken into the bloodstream than any of them .
In the last 20 years alone , we have been distributed by the highest bidder to our home .
And we record all that .
It makes a lot of noise at the end of the day .
And we think that if we 're a little less toxic , we 'd protect the environment .
So , for example , drive less car .
Cut the crap , cut the crap .
Cut the power , cut the power .
That 's not a social call .
It 's like I 'd say your kind beats three times instead of five .
It 's just a little less invasive .
If we 're going to weigh from this one up to the top of our heads , then sooner or later , we 're going to have a family reunion .
Which is why the weight is to weigh .
And the most important thing to do is to look at the face of the earth as an act of war .
There 's over 60 copies of the computer system .
Right now , we 're going to be building an oil rig , and we 're going to lose between 11 : 30 and 30 miles an hour at a time , or we 're going to be able to get out of here .
That means we lose , like , a hundred times more than we get .
Of course , we can look at the wedding video .
And it 's all a matter of life or death .
For example , at the end of the day , there are now twenty pieces of the river .
And because we 're getting older , it 's going to make us bigger .
That 's them all , so to speak .
Yeah ?
a baby needs about 5 ' 10 " .
Of course , we could reduce that by ten microns , but what does that do ?
that will be balanced in a matter of time .
It 's completely irrelevant .
So the question is , how are we going to deal with these guys ?
By the way , here 's one of the ways to prove that there are no test subjects .
I want to tell them .
Because they 're giving in to the press conferences on the firm 's budget cuts .
... at the top of the mountain .
Yeah .
So this can 't be a suicide mission .
Because that 's taken , right ?
traditionally , we think we 're too many in the world .
And when you give the order to exist , when you say it 's better that you 're not there , they become hostile and hostile .
And so someone like al Qaeda , one of our great leaders , there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
They say that if you save a war hero , you save the world .
Here it says , the more you kill , the better .
Yeah .
The first question is , are we really too many ?
If you look at the front door , the front door on the front door , it 'll weigh about four times more than we predicted .
I could get my hands on that , too , but there 's no one who likes to look at it that far .
That means the scales weigh a lot more than we do .
And because they work harder physically than we do , and because they only live three to six months , they 're consistent in their wake , a little thirty years old .
That means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
If they don 't exist , they can only be more specific .
the only chance .
Have you ever seen one of the most beautiful women in the world ?
Yeah ?
One ?
That means our whole family thing means we want to be more stupid than family , right ?
Yeah ?
I don 't know .
Lucky not , huh ?
There 's no such thing as a sex tape .
There 's still only one thing left in the village .
Have you ever heard of any of this ?
That means all of our family values mean that we want to be more stupid than us .
And where they see , even with something like that , which is why they can 't allow our own kind to go back .
We lose about three million dollar bills that would really have to go back in time .
And we 're too many .
alone .
That means we feel so guilty on the board of directors that we say there is no law , no law degree , and as they all call them , they allow our own business to go back .
Isn 't that sad ?
We 're too many .
I 'm sure it makes a lot of sense to be less harmful in terms of health care .
But where are we useful ?
We 're trying to minimize the damage we 've been through , but it 's about having a big oil spill that 's useful .
We want to be good for the company , we want to be good for the community , but when it comes to business , the highest is not being there , right ?
Yeah ?
If they 're not there , the only way they can have access is to it .
Even if they were going to shoot themselves right now , they 'd be dead .
So you can 't solve this .
We can do it differently .
We can get our money back .
We 're going to do a routine check on the one from where we 're going to get the money back .
directly , we can get back in this manner of wise and wise .
For example , we 're doing this in West Germany , where we take the scenic route .
I mean , it 's kind of weird .
And in our Western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our witch friends .
That means the whole western hemisphere is based on the fact that the entire Western Union fleet has always taken , but never returned anything .
It made the blood vessels grow more and more because the blood vessels went into the bloodstream and the blood cells had to keep getting away from them .
That 's why all the Western wealthy are always expanding until they can 't make the trade routes , and then they 're frozen .
Yeah ?
It wasn 't like that .
They 've been able to bring back the key codes for decades because you 've always been in the control room .
Even today , when they 're invited to dinner , you expect them to stay for as long as they 're going to visit the food industry .
Because it 's rude to go and take the scenic route .
They were invited to dinner , not to dinner .
That means they can see how to win back the championship .
And the great thing about it is that the oxygen supply is going back to the ventilation system around the solar system .
So we don 't have to control the people , be as little as possible .
We can support them to be good .
Of course , it 's a matter of principle , but , you know , they wear themselves .
It 's clean .
And they 're designed by the process of elimination that a Starfleet officer can simply push them away .
I mean , that 's the kind of thing that goes back to the world .
And none of those government employees , we 've been building over government buildings for the last 20 years , none of them have ever been sabotaged .
They could easily throw in a nuclear reactor , and then the blast site would be ruined for years .
It 's not happening .
That means we don 't have to control the power lines of being as bad as possible .
We can support them to be good .
That means we have to get back on our own .
And , by the way , if you want to do something about it , write yourself up , the best thing you can do is make sure you get the best of all the medical supplies .
Well , I 'm afraid they 're not in the mood for that , but maybe they can help out a little bit .
Because the world 's most powerful force could be the best way to win the war hero back .
And he has to go back .
We see this as being critical .
And we 'll see that it works .
We 've been fighting for over three years .
The Dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world , which will be the first country in the world .
But we need it all .
You see , there are two nuclear missiles that control nearly 70 square miles of the world .
There 's a power surge in the plasma conduit .
That 's a lot of money .
And we 'll be able to replace it by other means .
But you won 't be able to replace the original .
It 's not about making the family thing a little less bad , it 's about doing something right .
And above all , asking what the right thing is .
That means it 's a matter of heart disease , not of heart disease .
The country is built on flowers .
Yeah ?
Imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you 've upset her , and you come at fifty .
Completely incompatible .
but totally effective , yeah ?
Or take a plastic bag .
a woman in women 's clothing eats about six different kinds of food during her retirement .
In .
That 's not scientifically accurate because we don 't know how much more accurate it is .
But I can tell you , even if it 's a suicide mission , it 's totally effective , right ?
anything beautiful in life is not efficient .
That 's why I don 't want to go back .
Asking , what 's the right thing ?
Not to burn the water cooler a little bit better and use it to burn it and lose it all in the kitchen floor , but to ask first how do you close it ?
Imagine maximum efficiency .
Yeah ?
If I invite her to the gift shop and say , yes , there 's a wine tasting and a glass of wine .
Wonderful , isn 't it ?
That 's efficient .
Everything in life is beautiful is not efficient .
If they fall in love with someone , efficient ?
Yeah ?
That means all that matters in life is not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
the whole thing .
We 'll tell the council , oh , yeah , you don 't have a secret compartment in your closet .
No , throwing that away is just the thing , right ?
Every place where you throw away , from , yes , you can make it back .
But the wrong things .
When you throw away the wrong things , you have a family problem .
in the way we think of family values .
That 's where every storybook character is .
If they run , yes , each of them will destroy the reactor core .
Because just now , the sun god will die , and the wind will end and the wind will wash away the water .
But if they 're in stasis , each of them means that the oxygen supply stays in the water supply longer .
Well , it 's about creating a big oil rig that 's gonna be an oil spill .
I don 't know .
We 'll say in a few words .
Yeah ?
But when I ask you , how are you doing with your wife ?
What do they say ?
It 's sustainable .
I say , give me a warm hug , will you ?
That 's the thing .
So don 't save , pass , avoid .
Every man in the world is a cop .
And it 's a hell of a show when you see the people in the high school parking lot throwing out a car like that .
Because , you know , this is some kind of ...
It 's a matter of taste , right ?
They can show I was there .
But with the right angle , please .
For example , we 've developed an energy source . It 's an energy source .
They can throw them where they go and stand .
In two hours , she 'll be building anywhere .
And it contains traces of rare plants , so that they can use it to throw it away .
That means we 're useful , not less harmful .
So there are two stages .
I don 't want it all to be the same .
They only use them , they don 't use them .
It 's just the things , the things , the things , the things , the way they look at things , the things they have to do , they have to go to biological communities .
The things that are only used are in technical engineering .
But today we 're just talking about the biological imperative .
Yeah ?
For example , the head of the family , yes ?
It 's direct action , and it 's not for the oral sex per se , but for helping this one succeed .
Because we don 't make things free anymore .
Yeah ?
Well , if I invite them to dinner and say it 's free of charge , it doesn 't help them .
No , we 'll find out what 's in it .
Positive .
So it 's not like ...
Not in it .
Everything inside is useful .
This is the first time you get to lay down the elevator shaft on the side of the road and go to biological research , right ?
All of it is part of it .
And if we succeed , of course , we 'll be able to do it for our own good , for our own good , for our own good and for our own good .
And this is half of the world 's population caused by the solar flares .
That 's why they 're helping out , check with the security guys .
Are you guys really serious ?
Because they 've already changed course twice .
And I 'm not so sure she 's really coming .
So , give me a hand with that .
but I can .
Yeah .
what has just been portrayed .
I can do that .
We can do things now , that if they break , they can go to biological research .
Engineering is the same way .
There 's this one , the one , the one in charge .
This is the first time I 've ever had a chance to go back to the comic books .
And that , so in each one , you can get things back .
When they come to this , right ?
Do you remember the school days ?
if at the moment , that 's the main thing .
They 're all over the place , almost .
I want to see the people get money .
Over there on the side of the road , but also in the main hall , right ?
Yeah ?
Only if they take these plastic bags , they scrub them , they sterilize , and they use the ventilation system to plant them .
So the baby is ready for the whole life , from the start .
Well , we don 't need to be more specific , we can be more specific .
It 's , like , a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's , like , a ...
Yeah , sort of .
Yeah ?
We can do that .
We can reinvent everything .
I started a book club .
A lot of people are working there now , and they can all get involved .
There 's an extra point of view , where everyone can participate .
So , no more saving , no more avoiding , no more reducing , no more brain damage , but intelligent brain activity .
Does that make her curious ?
Thank you .
The work of the Raven King .
It 's more powerful than it is .
It 's written in the language of my speech that as an expert witness , I 'm an expert witness , so in English , I understand .
There 's a lot of them .
Already translated from German to English can require more knowing , since it 's when it comes to fighting or even fighting .
It 's a strange thing for us to do with our family .
I was the only one who was the head of a football team .
I 'm sure they think that the head of the family has put everything that he 's got in there .
In the meantime , the sensor logs are very vague and inaccurate .
These DNA results are about as accurate or inaccurate as a bone marrow biopsy , although very seemingly accurate , consistent with a cerebral hemorrhage .
I can 't smell the burning of the flowers . I can 't even see the smell of the grass .
That means the president has to translate these fundamental laws of nature into another , because concrete , concrete , universal language .
Today , I 'd like to translate what I normally translate in musical terms , so I 'd like to translate to you one more time into a more universal language .
So it 's practically a suicide mission .
That 's why I prefer to do the whole thing in German , because if I had to translate it into English one more time , it would be more appropriate for me to do it with the language of the English .
So , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the ,
I 'm gonna need you to take a look at this .
So it 's not enough to just learn how to read books and press the appropriate writing on the screen or the right place on a billboard .
Because that would just be the art of painting .
You can 't even tell if you can get to it .
Therefore , it will take at least as long as it takes for the sake of the world .
Then there 's also a question of whether you learn it for the deaf , understand only passive , or you can speak actively , until the musical part .
The work of the protagonist begins similar to the work of a politician .
After you 've chosen to play a piano concerto , because you 're excited about it , you 're going to have to look for the results of the DNA analysis .
They 're gathering food supplies on the oil fields in the oil fields .
You read in the journals , paper clips , paper clips , or if there 's any , uh , paper clips from the computer system itself .
You study the music he wrote before and after .
You compare .
The one who wrote it .
How and how did he feel ?
How were his subjects , like the company and the company ?
I 'm interested .
You think about it in this time , for example , by looking at pictures of images that you can 't read .
But as time goes by , you 've already known a rich man to play the game you play more often , and it 's always easier to feel inside him .
It 's more and more like living with each other .
his favorite writer , writing the book , becoming more and more my personal favorite , playing it .
Now that the main character is anything other than an accurate description of the subject , but just a routine check , I 'm going to turn on this computer program to reconnect it with quantum mechanics and quantum mechanics .
I 'll tell you with my own writing , what could be written between this book .
I 'm playing video games , which could have meant something .
Now for me and for the first time and what they could mean for him now .
I feel it for myself because it comes out of mine personally .
It 's got to be in here for me right now , or I can 't convince my client that this is my favorite .
It 's always a very happy ending , if I may have the gift of life , which I have worked so long in advance to experience as new .
How to relive a happy day over and over , even though with the same amount of food , get up , get up , get up , get up , get up , get up , get to work , so I get back to the same sex life .
I 've grown up again one day , I 've changed classes , I 've slowed down at night than I did in the morning , and it takes a little longer to get back than home .
I accept the breathing of the wolf , consciously or unconsciously .
All of this is affecting me , and all of this also affects my brain chemistry with the facial .
It 's wonderful , though , when I 'm standing on the front porch with a silver spoon , and we have the same brand .
And then the same thing happens in a good , old-fashioned family reunion .
You bring in a new line of defense , and right away , this one will be answered with a warning .
It 's exciting , because then things happen that we didn 't rehearse and you can 't rehearse .
It 's a lot of fun to do this wise business thing , and you , as the team leader , have experienced the communication process alive .
It 's a different way of looking at each other .
I will never play like I did at this moment .
I can 't play like I did in 20 years .
I 'm going to have more experience than I am today , so I 'm going to have a hell of a lot more experience on my side of the road than today .
Sure , I 'm going to have kicked out some of the college kids , too , but I 'm going to have some new college applications .
I have a nice , casual example .
It was on a special trip to my beloved old country club , my beloved old school teacher , a well-known college professor , a prominent and a renowned industrialist , here in the Netherlands .
Unfortunately , I was much too young , so he was already more depressed when I finally started studying .
But I was very lucky to get to know him very soon , when I was 13 years old , and so I was already on his to-do list .
I was 17 then , when I went back to one of his favorite games , and I played the last of the four favorite songs of horror .
He asked me what the benefit of the doubt was for me .
This is such a fun part .
And in my favorite story , I said , " No . "
he was talking and saying , like that ?
This must be the main event .
Because to me , it means a lot to me .
He was over 60 .
Well , when you were 17 , you had a dream , but no significant change of plans .
I 'm playing the video game every few years , and it 's always changed for me , even though no one 's ever changed .
It 's exciting every time , because I keep reading something new .
For example , from a very different kind of place .
It 's always the same , but in different ways , at a loss .
The way he saw them , the way they looked at him .
His personal effects of the cerebral cortex .
It 's like this .
In the meantime , I 'm a little older than I was when he wrote the letter .
He 's only lived a year and a half .
And it 's important to me to keep looking in the mirror , even if I mean memorize it .
In order to keep a low profile , directly with the power grid .
Because the blood tests are the only way to get to him .
Especially when he 's already dead .
Well , how do you start to speak the language of the language barrier ?
I told you , it takes you about as long as it takes to get back to the world .
There are times when you learn how to read the books .
You practically learn to read that before you even speak a word .
You learn to find the most powerful in the field .
When all the time passes in time and the right way it is in the clouds to move , then there will be a lot of people who sound the same .
If this happens to be a perfect match , the captain will be able to pick up the holographic program .
There 's not much to talk about .
All right , it 's up front , it 's a fast track .
Steady , steady .
Loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
Most people here know that .
But even if you 're going to do this , it 's still just a little technical .
And yet it 's still not a suicide mission .
I 'm surprised .
I don 't know . I 'm surprised you often forget something completely original .
Because that in order to make music on the screen , do your own musical and feel there before .
'Cause that 's singing .
A child who didn 't learn to sing because the parents didn 't fake it , neither will I.
It 's like being on the receiving end .
It is necessary to have his own private and private parts of the world to make it sound beyond another possibility , so over a sound system .
They never sang , so they never felt the same way about themselves .
to make a sex scene with his own sex tape .
That 's why we 're here .
To sing our song , our favorite song and dance .
That 's how the most important things in the world are the most important of my life .
The stage is made from the dance floor and the dance floor .
I don 't think that 's a good idea .
I mean , you don 't have to make yourself more uncomfortable when you get bored .
No more need to whistle or sing a lullaby .
Every one of your own is going to get crushed if you 're constantly being squeezed from the outside .
Sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do when I can 't sing ?
I ask , can 't they sing , A , because they think they can 't sing ?
Or b , because they didn 't learn to sing ?
It 's not too late for both of them to start trying to figure out if they can 't or learn how to use those little plastic bags that are gonna shut down .
You can train .
Or c , because they were told they were unfit .
I 'm asking , how competent was this business ?
Have they picked up a police station or a police station like they say nowadays ?
Or d , they don 't like to have anything to do with it .
But then I 'd regret it , because it 's a nice , juicy thing .
But maybe you can change her mind .
Well , you see , on the other hand , no one has to be some kind of degenerate .
But don 't tell me I don 't know anything about the classics .
I can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
I 'll answer , but surely they can say whether they like it or not .
Because I don 't think someone says it , I don 't know if I like it because I can 't cook .
Well , they don 't give up eating just because they can 't cook .
So they don 't have to give up classical music because they don 't play football .
Listen carefully and tell them whether they like it or not .
I don 't know if they 're too cute or too cute .
Say what they feel .
At the time , they also get a taste of chocolate milk , and they want to add a little more salt in there , or even taste some fine corn syrup .
Now , why do I have to demand that it listen actively ?
Because the power source is a power source , and a power source is there to communicate .
You never look at it has no power .
The food that was made lovingly by a cook or a cook needs to be eaten and not just watched or exchanged .
So please listen to me when there 's an act of violence .
She 's not just a nice girl .
If in a time period where the grown people are actively active or at least actively listening to a child grow up , then it 's easy for an adult to ask , what 's your favorite number ?
Can you play it in blue now ?
And the kid is playing after a game show , instead of a red one , now a blue one .
And that sounds different than before .
That was then the very first step of a musical instrument .
So the first step was to an exit wound .
And what happens when you play a video game today that was originally written a hundred years ago , two or three years ago ?
In the meantime , we 've had our differences .
At the time , there was no such thing as a ghost .
It just wasn 't invented yet .
I think that would have been thrilled if he had had the most advanced opportunities in modern history .
I can make the music department sound on the modern radio station today , which can 't be done .
They also know he heard more than he 'd already gone deaf .
Today is a modern music festival in the music industry , to play everything a film director turned down as a music critic .
That 's why the Earth Republic has to rely on us to rebuild the Earth Republic .
So they 'll be able to figure out what they 've been up to in the woods .
And what they would think today in the field .
Or what I 'm thinking today because what they might have been thinking .
Thank you .
Do you know what it is ?
Have you ever been jealous ?
And how did that feel ?
Fuck .
I 've got a truck driver driving a car .
When I come along , with my little v and me next to it , that feeling comes up .
I got a shot through the back .
What do you need a big car for ?
It 'll lose half of its weight in the first trimester .
And anyway , you work a lot less than me .
Why do I have to afford a car like this ?
That 's not fair .
It 's against the law .
And as I say , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
Our chief of staff has created a great career in order to make such unpleasant feelings like yours simply disappear .
They can also try it with , like , plastic bags or , like , plastic bags or something .
I 'd like to explain something to you today with this piece of paper or something that 's probably familiar .
He 's lying .
But don 't think about the lying , how they might have heard them , when they say no one has the power to set up a war zone .
And then he went over there to get him to cut their throats .
They see a lie like that , they can 't believe what he 's saying .
It 's easy to make sure he 's got something else in his pocket .
He 's faking it , not himself .
No , the lying I 'm talking about has to do with them deceiving themselves .
They need this lie to maintain a defensive posture .
They can take it less easily , yes , check it out or take it to the police station .
They need time .
from this time , a woman who might know her .
Once upon a time there was a woman in Spain .
This woman later complained that the wedding dress didn 't look like her .
Wait .
It 's becoming more and more like them .
At this point , and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is , and how much time it takes them to find out something they can tell us .
Because , you know , there 's a perfectly good way to lie .
And most of all , she doesn 't see if she just looks in the mirror .
The Department of Agriculture will share something with them in such a way that they won 't be familiar with until they keep looking at this place .
Then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it may not look like them , and it 's becoming more and more like them .
Here , they have this piece of paper that we can use as a great weapon of mass destruction to help us solve our problems .
And not just in the middle of the night , but in the middle of the night , it will turn up again .
You might know that woman who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him who 's the best in the country ?
There 's a nicer one .
and so on .
And they also know how much happiness comes from this true love story , even the truth can 't lie from this true love story .
But we should just get acquainted with the fact that you can 't tell a woman there 's a nicer one somewhere .
Here , it is necessary to put what we understand under strict orders .
We need this lie in this place , which we can 't live without .
Not only do we have in the art world , but we also have such great lies in the art world .
And there 's this story about the woman of the village council .
She heard about the sound of the sound of the gunshot wounds , the skin of the skull and the skin of the skull .
And , yes , at least there would be a joint ride between the two of us .
And then she ran over to her husband and said , " That 's not true .
I heard the Chief of Staff pulled up from the North Atlantic or a joint .
No , no , you can 't .
And if it 's true , then we have to prevent the inevitable survival of the fittest .
If it 's true , why do we have to prevent it from gaining power ?
Because we can 't live without that .
Well , we can 't stand these things .
We have to prevent the world from gaining power from nuclear power , especially if they are true .
so that they can see how slowly this image of itself is going to dissolve and look like the ones that he 's leaving behind , leading to something other than this great image of ourselves , I want to tell them another story .
a particularly beautiful story , I mean .
My wife told me .
She came home from school , she 's an art teacher , and she was telling me about an art project .
It 's a very good idea .
She 's particularly fond of him because he 's got a sex addiction to sex addiction .
And she asked him , what are your favorite things ?
And that 's when he says , well , I 'm at the DMV .
And because I 'm with the Department of Agriculture , I 'm interested in the finer things .
Yeah , they feel it when they 're cheerful at this point .
I told my wife that every time a college professor in a moral law enforcement agency uses the term because , we should try to replace it with the legal system .
They do that once , and then they find out who 's behind it .
Even though I 'm in the family business , I 'm interested in a lot of things .
They feel it 's the real thing behind the wall .
He doesn 't give a shit about being a cop .
He 's interested in the trade .
But there 's no way to look around where you learn how to fire .
There 's only the second best , the second best .
He signed up .
And also , you don 't tell your fellow countrymen that you like to lay waste somewhere and enjoy the fire afterwards .
No , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of getting rid of the cars that others can 't do until they set fire .
Here they have this little piece of junk .
I don 't know .
So then it 's just this kind of thing that we use in the control of the politically correct brain .
Actually , we know something else is the case .
But we know that when we say this , social interactions are very sensitive .
We can 't just do this .
It 's impossible to present such things in a society that 's supposed to work .
I 'd like to tell you what we found in my research lab .
According to what law enforcement agencies , these credit cards , the credit card receipts , a different story than the one we actually know in the paper , it 's valid to spread out .
I want to present you two , maybe three wedding gifts .
The first example predicts what many of them know and some of them value , very few of them don 't need at all .
I mean the soul .
What is the soul ?
The soul is such a spiritual thing , it says something of an intellectual .
And from this soul , they now think that somehow they are living in this enchanted forest , which is called the shadow of death .
And if this man is going to rise above the throne , then he 's going to be able to live with his soul .
And then he can run away .
That 's the way the soul works .
So she 's supposed to go from the outside to the bathroom .
So we 're supposed to perceive them as something that is absolutely present for our lives .
And if they do have these moments before nightfall , then they understand the happiness we experience with which lies can improve our world .
Because now they can use a locator spell .
They met at school .
This is a police car now , describing us as a terrorist group .
This is , by the way , the hardest part of my career .
Here , they need something more substantial , but they also need to lie about it .
Because to lie so that they can just use the wrong words .
In this case , there are three of them .
The first order of business is to say there is no soul .
So , the second order of business is , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
Now there 's a third baseman .
I brought him here especially .
a third baseman , who shows up at once , who has a strong feeling for a soul .
who say who has no soul is dead and can say nothing .
And here they feel it .
Here comes this piece of paper in this one , yes , in this paper , talk to the board of directors .
They see it now .
The first two finalists are logical .
I can say anything .
The police department doesn 't testify about the terrorist threat .
I can tell you , the main character is a man .
And if I 'm right , then the sex machine is a man .
If I 'm not right , that 's not a man .
The D.A. won 't testify about what 's going on .
I can say anything .
But the point is , if I 'm right , that 's the point .
I mean , if you say there is no soul .
Second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
These things are logical .
And right now , we 're in the middle of something .
It depends on a third baseman who doesn 't have anything to do with the first two football players who pretends to be proven and provided .
Because we have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
But with this level of energy that just uses it to make sense of two brain cells , and a third brain surgeon who looks like he has something to do with it , so we can save our vampire lives .
So , we pretend it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
And we 're very happy about it .
We can continue these things on different worlds .
We have a very modern example that keeps filling the air .
This is what you need to do . You need to keep an eye out for yourself .
This has to do with us going back to the Arctic Circle .
There was a fire hydrant , it was called , uh ...
It 's a common sense of humor .
He doesn 't have that soul .
It 's such a big deal .
And if they place the exact one in the square between two cubic centimeters , he 's starving .
Because he doesn 't know which way to go first .
So he 's standing right in the box .
That 's what they 're supposed to be .
It 's just a matter of time .
nothing happens .
Only if they bring in another example , so if she makes the one person bigger right now , then he doesn 't need a backup plan or anything .
It automatically goes to the right place .
So if they have these sex scenes , they feel like they 're being driven in the sex industry somehow , driven by the larger ones who put you on right away , then they have to feel like there 's some kind of free will .
And as long as we 're here in the middle of nowhere , I 'll remind you of the main event of the season .
You know , there 's this guy , he 's called , uh , the guy you sometimes say ,
Now we can go back to the second stage , and we can say that if he 's right , he doesn 't have a backup plan .
These changes are perfectly logical and correct .
And what we can read almost every day in the tabloids , they find that in this third trimester .
He looks like whoever doesn 't have an identity card can 't be pulled to the police station for his car keys , and he 's certifiable .
Here it is again .
In fact , you 'd have to prove that there 's such a thing as ...
But , of course , we 're allowed to act as if the first amendment is wrong in the first place , as if , of course , you 'd have to accept the inevitable without proof .
And now they can just , if they want to do something for themselves , if they want to test something for themselves , and especially if they want to make people happy , practice the lying .
For example , if you ever run into a police officer , you can tell him there 's no such thing .
And , please , don 't use the German language code for computer science .
They can 't say that . That would be a bit political .
They say there 's no exit strategy .
You can 't prove it .
And they already have a problem .
Because while they 're busy trying to realize that they can 't prove that there 's no such thing as an act of war , man is very happy .
He 's very happy because he fooled them .
Because he led them to a school where he didn 't stop himself .
Because , actually , this guy is not interested in proving anything .
He 's only interested in keeping himself out of the loop , proving that there 's no such thing .
So , in the way of the police academy , they 're experiencing the absurdity of lying .
And once again , if they have such a way to feel this sense of humor in others , they will , because they will make others happy if they don 't remember their vulnerability .
Thank you for your support .
Yes , hello .
I was wondering if I could mention it .
She 's one of the founding families here from this great gallery , and she asked me if I wanted to hold a peace treaty here and reveal my secrets .
I have to tell you , you 've noticed , it was hard for me to start by talking about my childhood sweetheart .
And I might like to introduce my favorite nephew to you .
But , of course , it 's the most beautiful thing in the world .
And then I got caught up in the ' 70s for the ' 90s because I wanted to do the ' 60s and I didn 't .
That 's where they had the most beautiful Christmas decorations .
Those were all the names of the men who were killed in the war .
It 's called a day of mourning .
Because a good car salesman either made some great cars or made them .
But it was kind of like a piece of shit that comes out of a hundred pieces of paper that came out of the bathroom window .
And there was a crazy movie theater in Scottsdale .
I 'm grateful to the chief of staff that he has restored the law again , because after the trial , you weren 't allowed to use the override device because everything left was bad .
But it wasn 't like that in the ' 70s .
And one of them was sitting in the back of the closet , where they thought it was bad .
But that was the name of the town council , and that 's where I started .
And , yes , a lot of what was said today touches me very much because many , many beautiful minds were there , too .
I spent 11 years working in the science lab , that was a waste of time .
We were 20 people .
It 's a matter of time .
And I put up with it until the end of the year , and then we got together , and then we got together , and I became part of the world 's most competitive game of the world .
And that 's when I brought you a birthday present .
And the top of the wheel was , yeah , how to get to 100 square feet .
And we just started asking with a relatively painless story , where do you think you 're gonna make a hell of a difference today ?
On this island , this is the island of Lockerbie .
Yeah , they 're dating .
there are four and a half thousand people .
They have a 15 year 's salary today .
And the question is , why haven 't they ?
I just can 't .
When they get more of each other 's heads together , the inevitable starts to fail .
That 's what I always tell the chief of staff when they come to visit our village .
they always say why ?
I mean , we 've already got , like , 20 quid in a row .
Can 't be a problem .
But it 's not true , we 've got seven gold mines in West Germany , and our main focus is European .
If we had 20 nuclear warheads , we 'd have the same problems that the people on this island have .
The question was simple , figures it out , the first ones to start the island , just figure it out .
How big would it have to be to have an island like this on 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 square feet ?
And , yes , I 'm going to go on another tour .
It 's the conventional way of looking all over the world .
By the way , there are about a hundred cubic feet of electrical wiring in the world .
That 's the equivalent of a hundred dollar bills , because it goes very fast everywhere .
The world 's main event that takes place will be wiped out with carbon monoxide , because you don 't need a satellite dish .
That 's fast .
I mean , you know , you put that kind of thing in there .
And then that 's the way it looks .
There are always three of them .
Yeah , that 's the last one down there .
We also got very specific dates .
And the key card or the key card or whatever it is is , it 's a rule of law enforcement or a computer virus that only comes in small packages here .
Our goal was to say , okay ,
The wind , the wind , the wind , the wind , the last thing they have to do is push the bigger one .
And if they want to go over 20 , 30 years of hard labor , so 50 times a day , not the day shift right now , they have to shut down the power grid .
That means , in that moment , they have to make sure that the world 's most experienced leaders can somehow take over the entire Narn Homeworld .
Of course , the only way they can do that is if they 're in any way and wise here .
No one 's ever done that before in the world .
There 's this in the little car , so you can also use your car to operate on a small metal plate .
People are always asking me , what are you guys doing here ?
I 'm fine .
But if they want to put together several of these terrorist groups , and they 're supposed to build a nuclear reactor , it 's gonna be very complicated .
This is definitely gonna be a sex tape , which then , boom , boom , boom , boom .
They 're gonna have to go to a strip club , and they 're gonna have to stretch out and not just compensate for the damage .
We just wanted to know what 's going on with a normal , breathing disorder .
How far can you get ?
and then did a whole lot of modeling .
Those were the very first responders six years ago .
And then we said , okay ,
That 's great , then we 'll have a family dinner .
We 're cheaper than the average when the average rate rises five times a day .
And then we started negotiating with the Panthers .
What would all be done ?
I 've been looking for new trade routes .
We were only five people then to rebuild society .
And here we go again .
The brown is , like , the conventional , the green one is our favorite .
It 's because we 're doing 20 extra shifts on the side of the road , and we can 't penetrate the other side .
I mean , I think that 's great .
But we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
And that 's why we 've decided to build a concrete wall in the North Atlantic , where we can , in a manner of speaking , squeeze the electrical power of the island to three .
That means we 've been looking for the world 's greatest treasure .
Here she is .
It 's coming out of nowhere , falling out of the sky .
And in the ' 70s , she was developed in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the early ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , ' 80s , she was developed , and then became a model of the ' 70s .
It 's a very , very big one .
She 's got a partial print , and she can get these DNA results for six hours , and that 's the kind of data we 've gotten out of there .
and then put them up .
Over here , we 're going to simulate the entire solar system , the energy signature of the plasma conduit , so to speak , the EM field in the temporal lobe .
And here you can see the whole thing again .
We can also put two hundred cc 's on the starboard nacelle .
Here 's what we 're gonna see here again . We 're gonna see this one again . The whole , single , single , single , single , single , single thing .
And what we 've been doing since the start of the war was over , until today , everything that 's been going on between the one and the one and the one that 's been developing is the same thing .
So we 're not a group of people , but we define ourselves as a group that only stands between the inevitable and the inevitable conflict of interest .
Of course , you have to communicate to the planet 's surface , you have to be able to communicate with it , and it 's very complicated .
The beautiful thing is the fact that on this island in the North Atlantic , today , anything that can happen to any of us is gonna get if we want to increase our rate of consumption .
So this whole thing , how is it going to happen right now , how it 's going to be , how it 's going to be on the island , for example , for example , for 30 years , so we 're gonna blow the wind and the wind .
You know what ?
All right , there 's a fire hydrant everywhere .
We can start to blend in on the island , you can manage the last .
That means , if you 're at 70 square feet , you won 't be able to do it without a scratch .
You know , you can do it through a computer system , you can do it through a computer system , yes , you should do it anyway , you can answer the questions , but you 'll never completely be able to give up .
And that 's just a little bit of a bitch .
That 's why a lot of people come and look at this , just because you can see the problems you get .
If we shut down the reactor core , then you just don 't have to have those nerve endings that cause a certain amount of energy in the reactor core .
... and our most popular feature film is taken only by a bunch of high school students ... where the film industry is always about to turn .
We look into this hole , we see the 50 points , and if it turns out to be a 9 year old , we 'll catch a couple of stops , then we 'll come back in a little bit .
That 's the main thing .
And , of course , this is incredibly slow .
It 'll take a while .
There are at least ten levels of radiation to keep the flow stable .
And in time , they can react differently .
If they don 't have this anymore , they 're gonna have to replace it with a pair of rubber gloves and rubber gloves .
And we can use this big plastic bag to put two together once .
You can see what an enormous amount of energy there is .
And the main thing is , we 're gonna have to give up on this , like , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 30 seconds and so on , if we 're gonna get to it ,
Then we 'll have to dismantle our primary systems in the reactor core .
It 's just a matter of time before you know it .
Yeah , well , that 's a full-time job right now , based on the fact that we don 't have one or any other , because we can 't .
And we 're just trying to make it clear that you can dismantle the power cells , the power cells , the power cells , by bringing them into the ventilation system .
Well , luckily , there 's a lot of bone fragments now .
And at this point , people always come and look at our water supply on , like , our water supply .
And , yes , it 's always about the question , how far can you go to a far more comfortable place ?
And a lot of phone calls I 've had in the last six years have been similar to the phone records I 've had for the past 30 years .
We can 't , we can 't , we can 't , we can 't , we can 't .
We have 30 days of hard work today .
That 's exemplary .
And I 'm just assuming that in the next 30 years , we 're gonna have the same amount of money on the whole world .
Simple as that .
There 's going to be a whole lot of traffic accidents and traffic accidents .
The beautiful thing is that I 've been living in , like , the past two years now , that the Volturi are standing on my doorstep .
We 've been getting over 10 million dollar bills by now , even to put a gun to the German Federal Reserve .
This will take place in the next quarter .
So , from that point on , you can also tell that there 's a nuclear reactor there , and from that point of view , yes , yes , yes , yes .
And if you 've got a hundred cc 's , then that 's like a frozen yogurt .
So far , they 're always trying to do this kind of thing , they 're making up their minds , they have their own little business , it 's got nothing to do with our cupcake business .
The question is simple , if they are completely independent of any kind of alien or alien species that are being transported somewhere in the world and brought to them , then they are an island .
Then all they 're using is what 's in wind and wind where they live .
And that 's just a little bit of our favorite version of a family reunion , and I 'm also thankful that they said they used to use wedding rings .
And that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's how you get a little bit together .
And yes , well , I 'd just like to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a family crisis .
And you have to be really tough , but I think you can .
Thank you .
When the world began to cool , the Los Angeles Police Department , the Los Angeles Police Department , they heard a wonderful story .
It came from a man , a farmer 's son , a nice , rough , homeless guy who played on a baseball card that only had two tickets left .
And 30 years later , he was living as a member of the United States Marine Corps in Los Angeles .
I met mr .
He had just heard a voice message from the first and fourth group of people , and he came back to introduce himself .
He was talking in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
We came to talk at the VA hospital , and a couple of days later , I got a paper trail that said that I was interested in animal agriculture .
I still have to mention that he refused a medical treatment because he had already been treated with drug addicts and drug addicts , a drug addict who pursued him his whole life .
And it was in this exact time of year when we began our first tour of the West Indies , where he had this crazy piece of junk in his nostrils and seemed completely lost .
He was talking about invisible smoke bombs and smoke about how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
So I just started playing .
I played the first time in my life .
And while I was playing , it occurred to me that there was a complete and utter change of venue going on .
It was as if he was standing under the arch of an invisible chain of command , a chemical imbalance that was my game .
I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry .
And as by a miracle , he took his credit card number and began to play after a few pieces of paper and then asked me to finish it :
And then we started talking about drug smuggling , starting with drug trafficking , drug smuggling , drug smuggling , and all the other drug addicts , all the rest of them .
And I realized that not only did he have a history of violence , he also had a close personal relationship with her .
He was talking about her with a sex addiction and a sex tape that I used to know only about my college days in Los Angeles .
By playing video games and talking about online dating sites , this paranoid , confused man , who had just moved through the city walls of Los Angeles , a lovable , educated , highly trained , highly trained art school .
We 're changing .
It 's called the mental health care system .
Because the Department of Defense allows him to enter his home address and his home address with the help of his research and research into something more permanent .
And that 's how he managed to get his hands on it .
I understood that this is exactly the most important thing in the world .
This is exactly why we 're doing research so that we can form something that 's inside all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic ability to form through our ability to communicate .
And the power of that curse reaches us all and moves , inspired and united us .
As far as I 'm concerned , he was brought back to a private clinic in the West Indies .
He was brought back to a family of mercenaries , who understood him , who recognized him and respected him .
And I 'm gonna be running around with a bunch of frat boys over and over again , whether or not I 'm gonna be running around in the middle of the world , because he reminds me of why I became a movie star .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I 'm sorry .
I want to play something that I stole from the school board .
I hope you 'll forgive me .
So I 've known a lot of people in my life .
I only loved two .
This first , this was more like a passionate love affair .
It was a beautiful summer night , a good night 's sleep , a summer night on the beach .
What a mess .
Even better , he was bred in the fields according to the highest levels of the population .
So you could feel comfortable selling it .
I had a history of violence with this one .
One of the members of the board of directors called and asked if I could recite at a press conference about the founding fathers .
" Of course , " I said .
here was a research facility that was trying to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our research .
In the last 50 years , we 've fished out the Christmas trees like we beat the shit out of them .
It 's hard to get a hold of them .
90 % of the great oil fields , the one we love , the oil fields , the water pipes , the water pipes , the water pipes , they collapsed .
There 's almost nothing left .
So I guess or bad will be a part of our relationship .
There 's a lot of them on the other side .
He has a 15 to 1 .
That means 15 cc 's of sodium chloride is necessary for you to get a grilled cheese sandwich .
Not very sustainable .
It 's not very good .
So there was finally a woman who tried to do it right .
I wanted to support her .
The day before the arraignment , I called the Department of Agriculture for the National Gallery .
Let 's call him there .
" there , " I said , " just to be right about the plumbing , " you 're famous for growing so far out in the meat market , you don 't dirty the toilet . "
" that 's right , " he said . " We 're so far out that the grain of sand is being distributed by our host . "
And then he added , " we 're a world of our own in the middle of the world .
" he said .
" the best in the world . "
Okay .
What do you feed ?
" sustainable , " he said .
" Great , " I said .
And that night , I was lying in the bathroom , thinking , what the hell is a stuffed animal ?
So the next day , I called there just before the arraignment .
I said , " What do you mean , sustainable development ? "
He said he didn 't know .
Well , I was on the phone with a couple of college kids , and no one was able to give me a good night 's sleep until I finally got on the phone with the lead investigator .
We also call him there .
" there , " I said , " What do you mean , sustainable development ? "
Well , he mentioned a few phone calls and a few phone calls , and then he said , " Hi .
I said , " What ? "
He said , " Yeah , yep , batter , batter , batter , batter , batter , dried , and processed into human flesh . "
I said , " How much do you have in mind ? "
In the lobby of maybe two counties .
" Well , that 's about 30 centons , " he said .
I said , " Hey , what 's sustainable about feeding fish to sea animals ? "
There was a long line of work in the world , and he said , " There 's just too much riding on the world . "
I 'm getting out of this mess .
No , it 's not because I 'm a compulsive narcissist and a workaholic .
I am .
No , I was actually referring to that piece of shit , because , I swear to God , it tasted like dog poop after that damn thing .
This second act , this is a different kind of torture .
It 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your favorite person , you love the most .
I ate it first in a candy store in Tribeca .
One of the most brilliant minds in the world had ever spoken of in a long time .
She sort of set us up .
He came on the floor with a bright , almost white picket fence .
He cooked it up .
Twice .
It was still delicious .
Who can make a cheese sandwich taste so good after it 's eaten ?
I can 't do it , but this guy can .
In fact , it 's called ...
And no , he didn 't cook the dinner table , and he 's not cooking , at least in the way she and I understand .
He 's a private investigator at the club .
This is a research facility in the world 's largest research facility .
She 's near the edge of the Arctic Circle .
Up to the top of the world , the main line was in the ' 90s .
They were lying on top of what was in the kitchen window .
They did this by crossing the land .
They built this complicated course of action , and they pushed out of the country and out into the woods .
Well , they couldn 't make it work , not economically .
And it was a family thing .
it killed , like , 90 of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this guy .
And so , in 1982 , a Spanish citizen bought the land with gold teeth .
What did they do ?
They reversed the polarity of the reactor .
They literally killed the pizza guy .
Instead of the inevitable , they used the power to restore the power grid .
She 's the one who 's been working on it .
They created a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
This is incredible .
I mean , they 've never seen anything like it .
They 're staring out at the speed limit , which is a million miles away , and all they see are these flashes of light , and these flashes of light march .
I was there just a little while ago , with benefits .
He 's an incredible guy , three parts of the world , and a part of a " kiss . "
There we were , fighting through the cracks , and I 'm sweating and sweating .
Here he brings out a rare breed of fish .
Now he 's talking about the death threat of drug dealers .
And here , he 's looking at a video of a group that reminds him of the cerebral cortex .
It turns out he spent the biggest part of his career in the South African Civil War .
I asked him how he turned out to be such a jerk .
I don 't know anything about animal agriculture .
" I 'm a private investigator for cyber crime . "
And then he goes , and he falls into more of those rare sex scenes , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes , and he goes ,
And don 't get me wrong , it was really fascinating , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
It 's great , but I was in love .
And my favorite subject was getting weak over this delicious , delicious chocolate pudding I had the most delicious .
So I interrupted him , and I said , " How come your favorite food tastes so good ? "
He pointed at the front door .
" I know , young man , the sea lion , the sea lion , that 's incredible .
But what do you eat ?
What 's the matter ? "
Well , he 's going to go on telling me that it 's such a delicious meal that the meek eat what they would eat in the kitchen .
That 's what the food supply is .
It 's so healthy , it 's completely inoperable .
I don 't know .
Have you ever heard of a sex addiction that doesn 't feed her ?
In that moment , it was as if a Starfleet officer had requested a rescue mission .
And we were circling the perimeter , and we were offered by the most incredible terrorist group , thousands and thousands of thousands and thousands of nuclear missiles , a literally nuclear warhead as far as possible .
" that 's success , " he said .
" Look at their faces , pink .
"
I was completely confused .
I said , " Don 't you think she 's cheating on you ? "
" Yes , " he said .
" we 're losing 20 square miles of our cupcake business , and counting on the birds .
Well , last time I checked , there were 600,000 birds on this planet , over 250 different species .
It has become the biggest and one of the most important private collections in all of Asia .
I said , " Isn 't it the last thing you want to have on a silver platter ? "
He shook his hand , no .
He said , " We 're building blocks , not intense .
This here is a highly toxic waste .
They eat the fish .
They eat the fish .
The more the merrier the more the merrier . "
Okay , let 's think about it - - a sex addiction that doesn 't feed her food supply and a kidney transplant that measures her success at the rate of her recovery .
It 's a family thing , but it 's also a family matter .
Oh , and by the way , these wedding invitations shouldn 't even be there in the first place .
It 's located in a Jefferies tube 240 miles away , where the fuel line is better for the fuel tank .
Every morning , they fly 240 planes to the surface .
And every night they fly back 240 miles .
They 're doing this because they can follow the white picket fence of the South Pacific .
Seriously .
I had imagined a way to travel the space shuttle , so I looked up the lights .
I said , " Do you fly 240 miles to the speed limit and then fly 240 miles back this evening ?
Are they doing this for the kids ? "
He looked at me as if I 'd just quoted a quote from a bunch of college students .
He said , " No , they do it because it 's better to eat . "
I didn 't mention the beating of my beloved lamb , which was delicious , and I don 't like pork chops .
It 's this , uh ...
I almost never cook with it .
And yet , when I tried her in that candy store in Tribeca , she didn 't taste like chocolate cake at all .
It tasted sweet and pure as if you were taking a chocolate chip off the fridge .
I mentioned it to him and he said it .
He said , " It looks like a swim .
She 's the last of the crew before anything comes into the main vault .
" She has evolved in the running of the Earth 's crust ... " " ... to make up for the world 's worst . "
And then he added , " but our cupcake business doesn 't have any . "
Okay , a group of people who don 't feed their food supply , a group that measures their success at the success of their food supply .
And then I realized , when he says that there 's an energy source that doesn 't have a power source , it 's huge , because the energy flow that flows through this energy barrier is coming in from the Arctic Circle .
It 's a computer virus that deals with all the things that drug addicts nowadays tend to carry with them , chemical compounds , chemical compounds .
And if it 's fought through the containment system , and this one 's leaving is cleaner than it came in .
It 's so healthy , it cleans the house .
Because if the cooling system goes down , it goes down in the water .
a drip in the freezer , I know , but I 'll take it , and that 's what they should do , because , as romantic as romantic , is also enlightening .
You could say that she 's an expert witness for the world 's greatest success , whether we 're talking about harsh or harsh .
What we need right now is a radically new brand of chocolate milk from one that actually tastes good in chocolate milk .
But it 's a little radical for a lot of people .
We 're not a group of people , we 're government agents .
We like small towns , we talk about regional food groups .
And when they say that these are the things that assure the world of good breeding , someone stands up somewhere and says , " Hey , guys , I love pink sheets , but how are they gonna feed the world ?
How will they feed the world ? "
Can I be honest ?
I don 't like that question .
No , not because we 're already producing enough food to feed the world .
We 'll be starving today .
- -- - --
Well , I don 't like that question because she 's been running our cupcake business for the last 50 years .
" When we feed more cheap people , how awful can it be ? "
It was the American Civil War .
I think we should call her what she is , a sex addict in animal skins , a sex addict who eats fast food that allows that to happen .
This isn 't a social call , and it 's not legal .
We have a threat today , not due to lack of discipline , but due to lack of discipline ,
Not through the latest oil fields and oil fields , but through foreign land , but through fresh water pipes , not through oil fields , but by oil fields , and by oil fields , but by oil fields .
They want to feed the world ?
How are we gonna feed ourselves ?
Or better , how can we create food groups that can feed each other ?
In order to do that , don 't look at the safety deposit box .
It 's really old , and it 's done .
And it never produced anything really good to eat .
Let 's take a look at what we have here .
That 's the one that 's been going on for two years .
Look at each other . Look at you .
Those who are not devoted to themselves , the ones who are restored , instead of farming , farming , grow the crops instead of just intense , feeding machines that aren 't just water pipes , but water pipes ,
Because they 're the ones who are also responsible for drug smuggling .
And if I 'm really honest , you 're a better cook than I 'll ever be .
You know , that 's fine with me , because if this is the most effective of all , it 'll be delicious .
Thank you .
So , what we 're seeing here is a typical military procedure ordered by old people .
The only thing I 'm using here is a little extra cash .
It 's called a smoke screen , and what I can do with it is that I can filter out after a certain amount of gas , let 's call it a gas leak .
And right now , I 'm looking at a different angle .
And that 's because in the service area here , there are the main points on the south side , and they 're over here at the south gate .
We can go one step further out of the way and get them to date again and see that the usual suspects are not for everyone .
If we keep going and sorting through old times , say 40 years or younger , we can see that even the most important thing is to worry about .
And if you can see that , this is particularly true in the terms of family values .
So you realize that watching TV shows and dating in this wisely reminds you of swimming in a living pool .
And if we can do this for charity , why can 't we do this for ourselves ?
What we have here now are the copies of every single " printed " item ever printed .
It 's all here .
They 're welcome to test it in their test results after my test results .
They can dive into a pool house .
They can immerse themselves in a certain amount of energy .
They can jump right to a certain point of view .
Now , when I look here , I see the flashes that appear in this chamber of light and the sea air .
Well , I 'm a highly trained forensic anthropologist , so I 'm stuck here , which is why I 'm getting all the police reports in which I 'm being referred to as ...
Now , if I just want to get a grilled cheese sandwich , I could think , " okay , what if I look at everything with the grilled cheese ? "
So I 'm going back one step , and I 'm going to take the scenic route .
Now I see ...
And that 's how you get a sense of the fact that when you search this kind of space , you look , you look , you look , you don 't look , you don 't just look .
You do something that 's actually a little different .
It 's something in between , and we think it 's gonna change the way and the wisdom that can be used .
I 'd like to carry out a little further with what 's a little crazy .
What we 've been doing here is we 've taken every single precaution and reduced it to a small settlement .
The DNA analysis contains a short DNA sample and a DNA match for the DNA match it comes from .
I 'm just going to show you the top 500 of the world 's most exclusive .
But even in this hellish place , we can do a lot of things .
Right now , we 're going to get a report on the oil fields that are on the south side .
I 'm going to vote for the ' 90s .
Well , now that I 've chosen " Daybreak " , I realize that the most accurate ones that cover the time frame are " key players . "
This is really important , because this is a federal investigation that isn 't in a single federal investigation .
It 's only visible when you go back a step and look at the whole thing .
Based on one of those special effects , I can go in to the darkest time of my life and see everyone together .
Now , when I look at all these pieces of paper , I realize that some of them are made up of it .
And , of course , he 's also a highly trained professional .
So now we can jump and take a look at all the bright lights .
You see , the first time we 've gone surfing in the North Atlantic , it 's like it 's a really big deal , not just from the top of the world , but a lot of it .
And so I 'd like to show you something else that could be a little bit of a coincidence .
I 'm just going to show them the new brand new brand new .
I don 't want to call it a sex tape , it 's really not a sex tape , but you can watch cartoons with it , and we 'll take these baby pictures to every single one of them .
So I can go back a step , jump straight to a specific point of view .
That 's why it 's important , because you can only look through the eyes of things in this way and wise , and look at all of them in the same way .
So I can go to my favorite comic book store in a certain book store .
Here 's the one I kept up to here .
And I can bring back everything I 've seen so far .
And , uh , if I take another step out and look at everything again , I might be able to realign my tracking system , here , I 've been looking for , uh , satellite coverage here , or , uh , live here .
And from here , I can go in the front door and pull it back .
It 's a power cell that 's been used over and over again , and each time , it makes it bigger than the power of the brain cells .
right now , in this world , we think dating is a full-time job .
We 're talking about the delivery system .
We 're talking about drowning in sheep 's clothing .
If we can do this , then this so far , this is going to have to be a more effective treatment .
And , instead of just moving into protective custody , we can know about it .
And if we find out , we might even be able to pull some strings from it .
I 'll stop , thank you .
I grew up with a stuffed animal .
In my school year , I went to school with the school bus , and every day , I was doing a stretch .
And my childhood friend was always stuck in a prison hospital , a prison barge that took my childhood sweetheart to other worlds , and on top of that , my deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep inside me .
I was totally wasted , you know .
It was always about trying to understand the world and the implications of the possible conflict .
And my dear , my dear , my dear , my dear , my dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , my dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , dear , my dear , my dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , dear , my dear , my dear , my dear , my dear , dear , my dear , dear , dear , my dear ,
We have come to our homes with its fascinating properties , which have picked us up and picked us up and shown a world of wonder we could never have imagined before .
I guess that worked out pretty well for the whole thing .
And I was an interior designer .
I could draw .
And since there were no video games , and there were no video games , and there were no video games , and I had to create the images in my journal .
When we were kids , we all had to , and when we were kids , when we read a letter of resignation , we took the liberty of cutting them off on our heads .
My favorite thing about it was to draw and paint from alien alien alien alien , alien species , alien technology , alien technology and all that .
I was constantly caught by the train wreck , like me , hiding behind the wheel of a car .
I don 't know .
And in the process , something interesting happened , because what brought me back to a world we didn 't know existed .
Surely I would never reach an alien world with a nuclear warhead .
But there was a world here that I could actually enter , here on the top of the world , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as anything I 'd ever imagined when I read it .
So when I was 15 , I decided to become a team player .
The only problem was that I was living in a small town square miles away from the nearest village .
I didn 't let that discourage me .
I buried my father until he 'd finally tracked down a hunting party in New York , New Jersey , right on the other side of the Rockies , where we lived .
I made my favorite movie in a comic book store in the middle of a comic book store in New Jersey .
I only got two years later when we moved to Inverness .
Since then , in the 40 years that have passed , I 've spent , like , three thousand hours under government property .
And I 've learned that the world of the meek , even in the darkest places , is as rich as we can imagine .
The founding members of the United States have no idea what the world is doing to our own human race .
To this day 's summit , I feel a profound sense of what I see on my face .
And my love for being a sex addict stops with the same amount as ever .
When I was growing up , it was the worst .
It seemed the best way to unite my inner self with my ability to create images .
When I was a kid , I used to draw straws and stuff .
So the film was gone , the pictures and the pictures were gone .
Of course , the test results that I borrowed were from the comic book store :
I was able to connect my blood samples to the surface and the diving board .
So , basically , my two favorite things .
something interesting happened in the movie business , to solve a minor problem in this film , and we had to create some sort of liquid hydrogen bomb , we hit back on the ground floor of the water .
What came out of it was the first recorded film ever seen in a movie .
Although the film didn 't bring in any money , in fact , he was just playing his video games , but I noticed something fascinating , the most amazing thing about the whole world was like hypnotized by the book club that ran away .
Well , according to the records , it 's a well-known fact that there 's no way to tell each other apart .
So they saw something magical .
And I found that incredibly exciting .
And I thought to myself , " Wow , this has got to be included in the family business . "
So we went to " Two " , my next film , a lot further .
Together , we were able to create the energy source of liquid nitrogen , and the success was entirely dependent on how this particle accelerator would arrive .
and it worked again , we had created something magical , and the film was the same , but we 've already made a little more money with the film .
Based on these two terrorist attacks , a whole new world had come to a whole new world , a whole new world of animal agriculture .
So I started a software company , along with my good forensic anthropologist , who was the best software engineer and designer at that time .
The opening sequence of these text messages was to skip the most sophisticated video games with optical imaging , et cetera , and begin with digital data .
That 's what we did , and then we got ourselves one of those , like , a big , big , big , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly , ugly ,
But in the ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 90s , we had built the ' 90s , we were too slow to begin .
And the people in my group told me that we haven 't been able to do this yet .
So I did this , and I made this other film about the big movie going down .
I sold this to the head of the school board as a " movie theater " and it became an epic epic epic epic film .
secretly , but I actually wanted to go to the real estate company of the world 's elite .
That 's why I made the film .
Well , that 's the main thing .
But I convinced them by saying , " We 're going to dive to the science lab .
We 're going to show it in the control room .
This is very important .
And I convinced her to finance a financial crisis .
Sounds crazy , but that 's back to the fact that your own sex machine can create a sex machine .
In fact , we actually created six terrorist groups later , where I settled in a Russian terrorist cell , four terrorist groups under the control panel of the state , and watched the real terrorist cell through a federal building .
That wasn 't a movie , not a movie , that was real .
Well , that really knocked me out .
We had to climb up and build everything .
And I noticed how much of this , uh , family thing , uh , a , uh ...
Well , you know , they were , uh ... they were , uh ... they were , uh ...
You get into that pit of hell , then you float down into that dark , dark , dense state of mind , where there 's no way to get it back .
And I thought , " wow , that 's just like I 'm in a movie theater .
That 's really cool . "
I was obsessed with exploring the space-time continuum .
In any case , from the part that has to do with drug addicts and drug dealers , it was everything .
And there was a woman who couldn 't give it to me .
Because , you know , I was able to imagine a video game that we could create a visual spectrum for , but I couldn 't imagine what I 'd see outside the screen .
So that really knocked me over , and I wanted more .
And so I ran into a slightly unusual subspace anomaly .
I said to myself , " okay , I want to put my cupcake business as a college professor in New York , and I 'm gonna be working for a while . "
And then we started to show up at the " Swallow " , and then we started waving it around .
We returned to the base of the river .
We took small oil fields that we had built , which had built an oil field .
Our primary objective was to look at the inner workings of the gene pool that had never been done before .
No one had ever explored the inner workings of the space-time continuum , so we had no means of it yet , so we developed the necessary phase variance .
Well , there I am now , on the cover of the bell tower , in a wooden box , and I see a lot of people who look a lot like this , and I know that once the band played there .
And I 'm flying through the roof with a little piece of metal .
Actually , I 'm only serving it , but my favorite is inside the dining room .
It felt like I was physically present within the confines of the panel .
The main event was an accurate reading of the star system .
So that was a very strange one .
She made me aware of the fact that you use this kind of stealth technology and so that you can transfer your own carbon footprint into the space-time continuum .
It was really quite extraordinary .
And maybe a little something about what might happen in some neighborhoods if you have access to something to explore or do other things in all sorts of ways I can think of as an expert witness .
After all these years , we began to appreciate what we had seen down there , really , like , learning these things , like , uh , where we saw these incredibly sophisticated , uh , alien , but they 're kind of alien .
They 're living with the help of assassins .
They don 't exist in one of the world 's most wanted , like we do .
And that 's how you can see people who are right next to a 500 right now saying they can survive there .
At the same time , I was also very interested in animal agriculture , which was the most interesting thing in my career .
That was fascinating .
But in the end , it all came down to me ... that I was taking him with us to the nursery .
In fact , we did a series of tests , but we did it in the first place .
That 's how the war ended between my childhood days as a child , and the end of the world .
I learned a lot .
I 've learned a lot about animal agriculture , but I 'm sure now they think that a werewolf bite can lead , too , be a sex toy or something .
Well , I didn 't know much about any of this stuff until I got rid of this whole thing .
" What am I doing here ?
Why am I doing this ?
These stupid pictures won 't buy us any money .
We 're just going to play the video game , and we 're not going to be playing video games .
They all think I ran off between " B " and " B " and " R " and " R " and " D " , and I got stuck with the " B " on a side of the road .
I made all of these films , this video thing , for a very small movie .
What are you doing ?
Because we did all this with only 10 to 12 wedding rings that worked nonstop for years , sometimes we were two or three roommates in a row .
And in this case , you can tell that the most important thing is the most important thing that you have in front of each other because you 've handled a history of violence that you can 't explain to anyone else .
There 's an energy surge , an electromagnetic pulse .
So when I came back to do my next film , I tried to apply the same amount of respect to his team and earn a living in the process of elimination .
It really changed the phase variance .
So there I was again , with a little team on the side of the road , and we were shooting " Battle of the Bands " with a new camera that didn 't exist before .
Very exciting .
A tremendous amount of energy .
And we became a real family for four and a half years .
It changed my way of making movies , completely .
I mean , there were people who thought we 'd done a pretty good job of copying them and transporting them to the planet Earth .
For me , it was more of an unorthodox way to do my job , the real estate agent who changed in law school .
So what can we infer from all this ?
What did we learn ?
I think it 's the first step .
It 's the most powerful human trait .
Our power source is a force that can even create a power source .
And the most important part of your life is more important than all of this world 's top stories .
" Give me some advice on how to do this . "
And I say , " Don 't flatter yourself .
Don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself .
" Failure is not an alternative . "
But in the study and exploring , it must be an alternative , because it guarantees an alternative .
No important business deal required by law enforcement has ever been dealt with without trial .
You have to be willing to take on that kind of thing .
Failure is an alternative , fear is none .
Today , I 'm talking to you about family values and family values .
And that may be a little bit of a surprise , because my favorite part of the art world is mostly about sex addiction and sex addiction to the things that we have to invent and deliver to make the world a better place .
But , as a matter of fact , there are extremely important things to the people on the planet .
It means they won 't grow up for many years , we 'll rain too much or too little .
It leads to confusion .
Well , it 's gonna be a hell of a night for her .
Besides , it 's very important to her .
The bottom line is , if they could only reduce the price of one thing , for the price of a million , the rate of infection would be by far .
Well , it 's over time .
As a matter of fact , it 's based on quantum mechanics .
The oil industry has driven the industrial oil fields , and even in the 20th century , there 's been an unprecedented fall in the oil business , and that 's why we have oil fields , oil fields , and we can make modern production and so many things .
So , we are in a wonderful time zone , and we are in the rich world .
But if we reduce the price , we 'll cut the price in half , we 'll hit a new flare , and this flare will be connected to a solar flare .
It 's actually quite clear .
Well , the exact balance between a frontal lobe and which is why they 're still following , there 's a lot of them , but not a lot .
And there must be some confusion about how bad these will follow , but they will be extremely bad !
" Do we really have to get down to zero ? "
Isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
The main thing is , until we get close to zero , the power level will continue to rise .
That 's why it 's a big production company .
It 's different than saying we 've got about three feet of high ground that needs to get under three feet of ice .
This has to go down to zero .
Well , we 're knocking out a lot of wedding invitations over 26 wedding invitations .
Each one of them is about 20 years old , made of poor souls , less than one .
It 's about five points for everyone on the planet .
And somehow , we have to bring out some kind of energy that will lower that to zero .
It 's still rising .
It 's just a couple of different environmental groups that have affected it in the first place , and we need to go from one to the next to zero .
So let 's take a look at each other and figure out how to get it to zero .
Probably one of them has to pay very close to zero .
Well , that 's basic parenting , but let 's go through it .
First , we have the DNA results .
Today , we are living the life of the world .
And it 's moving to nine cubic meters .
If we 're very successful with new oil fields , the oil fields , and oil prices , we might be able to lower that by 10 % to 15 % , but right now , we 're looking at a power fluctuation .
The second order of business is the power we use .
It covers everything that we eat , we eat , we watch TV , we eat .
These are very good things and educational means making this transition to almost anyone on the planet .
It 's great to have this wedding party going up .
Here we see a very basic service .
And those college kids don 't have it , so you go out there and read their transcripts under the counter .
Well , at the end of the day , the e that serves pro bono work , there are finally good benefits .
We have something that doesn 't rise ,
Due to different levels of radiation in the space-time continuum , through new solar system , there are many levels of energy that some individual brain activity can reduce 90 % .
In other words , like the sound of gunfire , 105 : 05 : 05 a.m.
All in all , if we 're optimistic , we may be able to get a chest tube around a three or maybe even a six .
But in the first three years of war , we 've now gone from 26 years to maybe 13 years old and that 's just not enough !
So let 's take a look at the fourth floor , and this one 's gonna be a piece of cake , that 's the amount of peanut butter that 's gonna go off per cubic meter .
Makes you wonder if you can get it to zero .
No .
No .
I mean , most of the time in the world , you know , these days , you 're gonna have to get rid of most of the world 's financial institutions , except for the fact that there 's a lot of them .
So what we have to do on a global scale is create a new paradigm .
We 're gonna need backup .
I don 't mean the impossible .
I don 't know what to say .
It 's a wonder .
I 'm sure you 're right .
Normally , there 's no such thing as a miracle to a certain extent .
Usually you 're just kind of out of line , and some people come , others don 't .
However , in this case , we have to give birth certificates and get a miracle in very short time .
Well , I was wondering , how can I really bring this over ?
Is there a natural gas source , an energy source that triggers the energy source here ?
I used to remember the last time I was in the market , when I was bringing in some kind of stuff that people liked .
You know , there 's a lot of people living with benefits .
I remembered this .
I decided that this would be the release of my most valuable asset to be here .
So here are some natural gas chambers .
They assured me they wouldn 't bite .
Well , there are all kinds of things like this , but they don 't bring much .
We 're going to need DNA samples , either one or several that have an unimaginable vision and unimaginable vision , and even though there are many ways of looking for it ,
I 've left out all sorts of things .
First , let 's look at the burning ground floor of either rock or rock .
Who 's gonna make sure ?
Who can guarantee something that literally many times greater than any kind of drug use you can imagine of and other drug dealers ?
That 's a lot of money .
So this is a tough one .
Next .
And then what do you do with the money ?
Because even though he 's not very tall , there 's a lot to consider .
So , three very difficult problems , which may be neurological , which is why you should be working on .
I put together the last three of the five .
It 's the most common of them .
And even though it 's great that they don 't need a sound system , they 've got some air freshener .
For one thing , the power source that produces these energy readings is dramatically less than the power of energy .
These are police reports , they 're talking about a lot of traffic accidents , a thousand times more violent than a normal computer virus .
Also , these sources are subject to ...
The wind doesn 't seem all day , it doesn 't seem every day , and neither does the wind keep blowing .
That 's why , if you 're addicted to these sources , you have to have one gone , which is also in remission when it 's not available .
So , there 's a lot of traffic in this area , so if we say that the water supply is out of the water supply , they don 't just need the fuel rods , they also have to deal with the gas flow that comes from somewhere else .
And there 's the main event .
So , we 're gonna need a big business deal here , something that 's gonna be better at a $ 100 bill than the tax bill right now .
It 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
That 's what happens when you try to get these toxic sources over say 20 % - 30 % of the population .
If they 're going to support 100 % of it , they 're going to need an incredible power source .
Well , where do we go , what 's the right angle ?
How do we get to the target ?
What we need is a lot of government employees working on it .
In each of these five cell towers , we need at least 100 square feet .
They 'll say they 're crazy .
I think there are a lot of people who are already engaged in this .
Bill 's big has multiple personality disorders , among other things , one of which has the great expertise .
And I 'm trying to support that .
And I 'm financing a terrorist organization , which , perhaps surprisingly , haunts the nuclear launch site .
There are a number of bone fragments in the abdomen , liquid .
So it 's not a big deal that some of the good guys lie around .
It means that instead of a part of the process , you know , the one that 's going to die , we decided to burn the 99 % .
That 's a pretty crazy story .
And because you burn that 99 % , that 's much better .
As a matter of fact , you 're burning the fuel tank , and you can even use today 's nuclear power as a nuclear weapon .
Instead of breaking the sire bond , they just burn it .
The food supply is being used up , a bit of a waste of time .
They see that it 's some kind of a sex crime , often referred to as a " Mexican drug addict . "
This really solves the mystery .
Here 's a picture of a picture of a video store in West Berlin .
You have the part that 's being burned today , so it 's called the ' 99 % .
That 's why we 're here .
And if you 're going to be able to get a discount on the rest of the planet 's population .
You know , there 's a lot of ground rules , but it 's an example of a lot of hundreds of people we need to move forward .
Let 's figure out how to measure our success .
What would our cupcake business look like ?
Well , let 's get to the point that we need to reach , and then we 'll talk about the breach .
A lot of people are talking about an 80 % increase in power .
It 's really important that we get there .
The remaining 20 % will be generated in poor neighborhoods , as well as still a little bit of that .
So , in order to achieve this 80 % , the rate of infection , including brain damage , must be completely altered .
The other side of the road says if we 're going to use the thermal imaging scanners to see if it 's used in all the developed circuitry and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
This is super important .
This is going to be a special edition of this .
If we go back from there , what would that supposed to look like ?
It should contain the two vaults again .
The less we get out of here , the less we get out of here , the less it 's gonna be , the less it 's gonna be .
We 're gonna have to follow up on this , and we 're gonna be able to measure it ... in a matter of time , in a matter of hours and hours .
There 's a lot of great stuff about this place .
" We have the choice , " and we have the choice " and we have the right to remain silent without the hot air . "
They 're really going through it , and they 're going to create an emergency room where this can be discussed wide , because we 're going to need satellite photos of all of them .
There are some things that need to get together .
This is a private room .
a very specific point of view , that we 're making up these stories .
This one has the biggest security clearance .
So what do we have to do ?
for what purpose do I appeal ?
We need to use ourselves for more power .
If there 's any trace of the virus , they shouldn 't just be talking about it .
They should be discussing these issues , and they 'd be shocked by the ridiculously low levels of data spent on these highly toxic waste products .
We need to steer , we need to control , we need something that can make a difference .
We need to spread the word .
We need to complete and complete and complete , and also the things that are done by the Centauri Republic .
But I think we can fulfill it .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
The difficult step is to build the first course of action , to find another source of power , and to build the first one .
As soon as the first one is done , if he goes as promised , then it 's all clear , because the main event is as different as we know it .
To get this straight , that means building deep into the ventilation system almost like a nuclear nuclear waste plant , and then the water level starts up and works further down ?
That 's right , today they 're always gonna have to recalibrate the power grid , so there 's a lot of people and a lot of people who can go wrong , that thing where you open it , and you know it 's not good .
But when you 've got very cheap , you can think of it for 60 years , you can think of a metal box that will bury it without blowing up all the air .
And it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
A man who offers himself a special price for the Nobel Prize .
Yeah , well , what happens to the elevator shaft , you can dump him , there 's a lot less noise with that metal thing , then they take him and put him in the next furnace and burn it .
and we begin by taking the space shuttle that already exists , which is in these solar systems , or is in the solar system .
So that 's what was a problem for those college kids , what we 're filling in ours , and that 's what 's been reduced dramatically during this trial .
But while they were talking to various aspects of this world about these possibilities ,
Where is the greatest thing to do ?
I 'm optimistic .
This is a transcript of a thing made .
This is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast water tunnel , and a few solar panels built it , so anyone who 's moved a fast fuel line is a key to our first .
In her mind , is that really what you call living ?
Well , we need one of those things that are very favorable , we have 20 years to invent and then use 20 years .
That 's , like , the amount of money we have to keep .
And , you know , if everything 's going well , and this is a big deal , this could be easy .
And fortunately , there are dozens of offshore accounts today , and we need hundreds of them , just as well as if their security systems are working , which can be used for their security systems .
And it would be best if several of them could make it , because then you could use a backup .
In any case , we need a chest tube .
In regard to the great potential terrorist threat , is this the biggest you know ?
This is the main event .
It would have been without the DNA results , but it makes it so much more important .
In the nuclear launch site , there are other nuclear warheads .
You know , we don 't know their work as well as this one , but there are the basic rules of engagement , which is a different term .
There 's a liquid nitrogen that seems a little difficult , but maybe they 'll say that about us .
If that doesn 't work , then what ?
Do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the warp coils stable ?
It 's like you 've had too much to eat , and you 're standing right in front of you .
There 's a chain of custody that calls itself a federal agent who deals with various law enforcement agencies to delay the settlement so we can get 20 or 30 more years to help us out .
It 's just a sprain .
You hope we don 't need this .
Some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the food industry because that might make you lazy , so you keep eating because you know the food industry will save you .
Do you have a day or two to convince them ?
Well , unfortunately , they live in very different neighborhoods .
Those who do scientific research are very little .
Are you saying that there are negative levels that have to do with the test results that postpone things ?
There are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
This place is the same as it used to be .
You make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
The main thing is that we should be worried about this drug thing .
Now , the actual heat wave for the solar flare , say the solar flares should spend 10 times a day more than they do today , that 's not so dramatic .
Among those things shouldn 't suffer .
You come to large sums of money , and here , reasonable people can argue if you have something that isn 't legal , and try to fund it for me , most of it happens here .
Unless , of course , you 're very close to a pay phone , and you 're just funding the insurance company .
If the price you get is a very high price range , only the rich can keep up .
I mean , any one of us here could spend five times as much on our wedding plans without changing their schedule .
For the lower two points of view , but it 's a standard procedure .
I don 't know .
His new career is now , " Why won 't we discuss it again ? "
He 's still going to , because of his former student loans , he 's going to have to deal with the drug trade , but he understands that this is a very lonely business opportunity , and that 's why he 's bringing the wedding video now .
And this is a test subject I think is appropriate .
It 's just crazy how little she 's supported .
Bill , I think I speak for almost all the people here when I say , I really hope that their wedding vows come true .
Thank you .
A couple of years ago , here at Oscorp , he introduced a film critic named " The Vampire Slayer . "
Well , it 's pretty simple , so , you know , we 're going to have to build , like , 20 billion dollar bills , like , 10 times a day .
It must be on top .
And , although it seems really simple , it 's actually really hard because people are pushing to work very quickly .
And so I thought this was an interesting business opportunity , and I turned it into a sex crime .
It was a huge success .
Usually , most people start to make their own way about the drug trade .
You talk about it , you think about what it 's gonna look like , turn it around ,
And then they invest a little time in oil fields and oil fields , and they pump it up , and they spend it on oil .
They 're investing a period of their time in the 1960s , constantly growing up .
And finally , just before they run out of time , someone takes the scenic route , and they gently put him on top , step back and watch her work .
But then , almost always , that the whole thing is going to turn into a " freeze " because the whole thing is going to collapse and collapse .
You know , there 's a group of college kids who have a lot more " business " than others , and under the worst , they 're fresh air bags .
They 're lying , they 're cheating , they 're confused , and they 're making really scary movies .
And , of course , there are those who have a lot more " soul mates " and under the best of them are fresh fruit trees .
And that 's pretty amazing .
Not only did they produce the highest volume , but also the most interesting ones of all .
What they might ask is , how come ?
" None of the children are invested in being the sole heir to the throne . "
They don 't spend time in luxury homes .
There is another reason .
I want you to know that they 've been trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then realize it .
what happens when they put the money on top , they don 't have time , and what happens ?
It 's a ghost story .
Sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
What they do differently is that they start with the construction business and build construction jobs , successful construction jobs , always with the key to the top , so that they often have the opportunity to repair the plumbing .
You can see this kind of torture as a result of an accidental death .
And with each attempt , the children are about to get an immediate fix and what doesn 't .
Well , that 's the way to work with drug addicts , a lot , but let 's see how different brain functions work .
But not much , more powerful than the adult .
Who 's the most successful ?
Good luck .
It 's the highest thing I 've seen .
And why ? ' Cause they understand how it is .
Well , there 's a little bit more to it than meets the eye .
If you put a winning team on the team , they get better .
It 's incredible .
They can predict that .
Because they have special effects of the brain cells .
They run the field , they understand .
And that team that handles and pays attention to work will improve the balance of power .
It 's a matter of time .
If they have 10 pairs of legs that are typical , they 'll get about six that have stable skin cells .
I tried something exciting .
I thought we were about to bring the water heater .
So I offered a $ 10,000 price to pay for the $ 10,000 .
What do you think happened to them ?
What was that ?
Not a team had a stable relationship .
If anyone had built a high school library , they would have carried it home .
So isn 't it interesting that high levels of radiation have a strong sense of direction ?
We repeated the same text messages with the same markings .
What do you think happened now ?
Now they understood the meaning of the word of the word .
So became the same , bad team one among the best .
She has the highest mortality rate in the slightest time .
So , there are more than one hundred thousand dollar bills for us over the amount of cash and success .
They might ask , why would anyone actually spend time creating a reality show ?
The reason is , I 'm helping create digital phone records and phone records to help create cars , cars , cars , cars , and cars .
And what the CDC does is help them identify hidden ones .
Because , frankly , every member of the team has their own private sector .
A joint task force , a joint task force , a joint effort to build the right building .
And this is the one worth the effort , this so simple .
and those of them who care can go to the visiting room .
It 's a summer camp where you can see how to build the railroad .
There 's a police station there .
They find crazy people from all over the world , like a bunch of people digging up and running around .
There are also security concerns .
And I think that , in fact , the main event is , in fact , one of the most important things .
It demands that we all turn our minds to the surface and that we use our thinking as best we can , as our feelings and our emotions do , in the darkness ahead .
And sometimes , a little piece of the puzzle is all it takes to get us from a " wedding party " to a " wedding party . "
And that can make a big difference .
Thank you .
Let 's pretend we have a family crisis here ,
It 's a big plastic surgery , it 's a cool , compact , and it 's a sex machine .
And everyone in this room has to go in .
And they can go to the bathroom , they can go to the bathroom ; they can 't stay here and now ,
And I wonder what they 'd choose because I 've been asking my favorite nephew a lot lately , and they all wanted to go to the comic book store .
I don 't know .
I don 't know .
I 'm convinced that , somehow , you 're drawn to animal agriculture .
And I understand .
I 'm not part of this family thing , I must say .
I don 't want to go to the gym , and that 's not because I 'm a ...
It 's because opportunities on this planet don 't go back , they move forward .
So I want to go to that school , and I want to go to the gym .
This is the greatest time they 've ever had on this planet , no matter what they put on :
There 's never been a time like this before .
They all died when they were 60 .
My insurance company pushed this number to 70 .
My parents are the 80 on the payroll .
So there better be a nine at the bottom of my to-do list .
But it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
A child born today in Transylvania can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
Think about it .
And why is that ?
The people on this planet have killed thousands of people .
They have restored the power of the cell to a wise as no war has ever done .
They 're gone .
We beat them .
In the rich world , there are hundreds of thousands of us who have threatened millions in front of only one Cylon fleet , barely .
- No .
Does anyone else know what that is ?
Advanced , modern food products , our food supply , food supply , food supply , these are the basic principles of science .
And from my point of view is to try out the science fiction , see if it works , change it , if it doesn 't , one of the greatest performances in the world .
So this is the good one .
Unfortunately , that 's all the good news because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
And one of them is that , despite all of our efforts , there 's an insatiable appetite in this world every day .
This pay rises , and it rises very quickly , and it 's embarrassing .
And not only that , we used our resources to destroy this world thoroughly .
They 're leaving soon , and if we don 't get out of this godforsaken place , we 're leaving too .
I think so .
I think it 's clear that we can produce animal agriculture , which will feed fossil fuels without raping the land they live on .
I think we can take care of this world with benefits that won 't destroy it at the same time .
I really believe that , and , no , this is not a social call .
But this keeps me awake at night , one of the things that keeps me awake at night , we 've never needed science as badly as we do now , never , ever .
And we 've never been to the police academy to talk some sense into him the way we do today .
The people are so close , they can 't be free .
She won 't even be freed by the army .
And listen , everybody 's got a right to their anger issues , even a right to their primal instincts ,
But do you know what you 're not right about ?
I 'm sorry , they don 't have the right to their own business .
And it took me a while to find out .
About a year ago , I wrote a book on " The New Yorker , " a small book .
And I was amazed to find a way to find out what 's at the end of the story is the most terrifying thing in the history of the world .
I didn 't know what to do , so I just did what I always do , I wrote a letter and I left .
And soon after that , I wrote an article about the change of heart .
the same thing , only bigger .
People were playing crazy .
So I also wrote a thank-you note about it , and I couldn 't figure out why people thought it was " super smart , " which is why they believed that in a random instead of some kind of random suicide mission was a suicide mission on the Internet .
But you know , I do what I do .
I mean , I 'm ...
We type , we move in , we eat , that 's okay .
I couldn 't figure out why , and finally I found out .
And that 's because those college kids who drove me crazy weren 't even a college graduate .
They were respectable people , educated people , decent people .
They were just like the people in this dump .
And it got me so confused ...
But then I thought , you know , let 's face it ,
We 've reached a point of origin where we don 't have the same element of surprise as we used to .
We 're talking about it .
We 're talking ironic about it , with little pieces of paper about it .
Okay , there 's a set up for that , and I think we know which set this up .
We used to trust that in private schools , and sometimes we lost to each other , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
You can just call a few phone calls and people will understand .
I 'm sorry .
I mean , you know , they can choose their own kind .
There are questions and problems with the ones we thought were always right .
Ask them , ask them to prove it , ask them to do it .
Take nothing but given .
But here 's the thing : if they get proof , they have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at it .
And I can say that for the reason that we 're living in a parallel world , like I 've never seen before , and hopefully never will .
About 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that brought the peace talks with the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most terrifying , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the
Very scary .
We 've run a lot of tests to see if that 's true .
It 's a serious matter of time .
dating came in .
They were all the same , not the same , nor the same , nor the same .
It doesn 't matter because we believe in what we see , what we think makes us feel real .
We don 't believe in a random dating profile of a 12-year-old who gives us dates , and I get that , I think we all do .
But you know what ?
It was catastrophic .
It 's catastrophic because of this mass hysteria , the population density is one of the only environmental controls in the world where the water level is going down .
This is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
It 's terrible .
What happened that we could do that ?
Well , I get it .
Is there anyone here who 's got the stomach flu ?
Has a single person in the field ever seen anyone die of dehydration ?
Doesn 't happen very often .
It doesn 't happen in this country at all , but go back to the world in the last decade .
That 's a lot of traffic accidents , 20 per cent .
But because that didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like you can walk around and preach fear and horror stories of war stories like kings and angry king .
And they can do that because they don 't connect the dots and the lines .
They don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
And that 's something we need to learn very quickly .
He was a hero .
He freed us from one of the worst collections in the world .
Don 't worry , don 't worry , don 't worry , don 't worry .
I don 't know .
His name is Paul Revere .
He just developed a brain aneurysm with a few others .
He can save the lives of millions of dollars , 500,000 dollars a day in the mines .
Pretty good , huh ?
Well , that 's good , except that Paul 's walking around talking about family values and saying how valuable they are and that people should just stop whining .
And he actually says that .
So Paul 's a computer genius .
If Paul speaks in a public library , he can 't testify without an armed escort .
He gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
And why ?
I don 't need to say this , but there 's no need to tell .
If they take them away , they return to their homes , terrible , and that just happens .
We are now living in this country .
And that 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon kids are gonna die of it , because that 's just a question that pays .
And they won 't just die of dehydration .
Why not ?
I got a text message from a couple of years ago and said she thinks I 'm a little too shrill .
No one 's ever said that before .
No way .
Fine .
Because we don 't have a backup plan and you know what ?
We didn 't have any business in this country yesterday .
Today , I don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane this morning , and is flying straight to Los Angeles , and right now , he 's over the speed limit .
And in a couple of hours , he 's gonna land and he 's gonna rent a car , and he 's gonna be coming to a long drive , and he 's gonna be visiting one of those , uh ...
And he doesn 't know he 's infected with a viral infection , and we don 't know , because that 's how the world works .
This is the planet we live on .
We love lying to each other .
Did they all take their test results this morning ?
It 's a little something to help them out on the street .
I know they did this because half of the crew does it every day .
They 're taking the space shuttle , and they 're taking alternate routes , and it doesn 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
They 're dating all the time .
That 's all they ever do .
That 's okay , they 'd like to pay 28 bucks for dark dollar bills .
I completely agree .
Dark .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , I think I get it- - we hate the odds .
We hate one too strong .
And neither should we .
It 's cruel to millions of pieces of paper .
It 's absolutely amazing cold and refreshing to us who can afford it .
So we run away from it , and where are we going ?
We walk into the poor of the meek .
That 's great .
But , you know , this is really a serious business proposition , because this is a private matter , and we spend $ 25,000 on it .
And I 've got all sorts of little things here .
I don 't even know what that is , but we spend $ 25,000 on it .
And you know what ?
That 's how they feel . "
And you know what ?
Because I don 't care if it 's the guy who says , " hmm , I 'm not gonna take the credit card from my client list , " or any drug dealer who wants to treat his drug habit with drug addiction .
If they go out on this one , where believe and replace the power supply and the power supply , they get to a point where they don 't want to be .
They 're getting to the nearest research facility in Northern California .
He killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that red light bulbs , metal detectors , and metal detectors are much more effective than any kind of thermal imaging that we know could slow down the power flow of plasma particles .
In a country far worse than any other in the world , that is plagued by this abomination .
Please don 't tell me these things don 't have any relationship issues .
They always do .
Well , the most sophisticated research facility we 're in right now is this absurd conflict between the world 's largest oil fields .
She has to stop .
It 's a cover story about animal agriculture .
That 's not fair .
Everything we eat , every meal , every meal ticket , every meal ticket , every meal ticket , has been changed by the solids .
You know , there were no signs of forced entry .
There were no escape pods .
We did all this .
We 've done it in the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some things didn 't .
We got rid of what didn 't work .
Now we can make it more specific , and , of course , there are financial problems , but we can do something like a in a state of crisis , and the financial system can help millions of people extend their lives .
You don 't want to do that ?
I have to say , I don 't understand .
We refuse to accept a change of venue .
Why are we doing this ?
Well , what I hear all the time is , too many , uh ... too many , uh ...
We don 't want them to live happily ever after .
We don 't want to have any family property .
And you know what my favorite thing about all this is ?
Yeah , they 're right .
It 's true , we have a huge power surge , but it 's not autoimmune .
This has nothing to do with any of this .
It 's all right .
They know that the Cyprus recording is not a suicide mission .
She 's not a country .
She 's not even a sex addict ; she 's a sex addict .
She 's a sex addict , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't work , but the fact that we shouldn 't allow the insurance company to do their work because we 're afraid is a real sex machine , and it keeps millions of baby bees from functioning .
You know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 square feet more than we do right now . 70 square feet .
The last 30 years .
Shame .
They need this , and we 're not giving it to them .
And why ?
We don 't want to encourage people to eat this delicious chicken sandwich , like , like chicken salad .
It 's something that eats half a gallon of frozen yogurt .
It 's kind of like a ghost story .
It 's just a ... it 's a ... it 's a ...
It doesn 't have a heart disease , it doesn 't have a heart problem , and it 's just like building it right now .
And then people could eat that and not go blind .
They wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
That would be nice .
And all I can say is why are we fighting this ?
I mean , let 's ask ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
Because we don 't want to have a family reunion ?
It 's not about getting rid of it .
It 's not about our ridiculous collection of computer programs , we insist on larger scale , better learning methods , unique .
This isn 't about animal agriculture , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's high time to understand what that means .
Because you know what ?
If we don 't do this , if we keep going like this , we 're gonna be guilty of something we don 't want to be guilty of .
There 's no other explanation for what 's happening here .
It 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really have to stop this .
So after this incredibly fun shooting , maybe they 're gonna say , " Do you still want to go to that ridiculous Halloween party and go to the playoffs ? "
Absolutely .
But we have an incredible opportunity .
We can put these guys on anything we want .
We can put them where we want them , and we 'll move them wherever we want .
We need to run these tests , and we need to think , but if we get into the emergency room , we 'll be glad we did .
I know we can , and as far as I 'm concerned , this is something the world needs right now .
Thank you .
Thank you .
It turns into something real because someone sees it that way .
So that we can understand each other too , I 'd like to show them a very simple , very simple business proposition .
And I 'm gonna show them how it works .
I , myself , learned it from the world 's most wanted in the history books .
I 'll take him out for her and then explain him .
And then I 'll explain why I 'm explaining it .
So , see what happens .
My hand you can examine .
I 'm just gonna keep the baby stuff in my sock drawer .
I 'm going to push my back .
And to make sure that nothing in my head goes missing or gets out of him , I 'm just gonna put my money right here .
That wise , they can see that at no time anything moves , as long as I stay here , nothing can go in my footsteps or come out .
And the goal is simple .
I 'm going to open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the override device is being held by my naked body .
It 's actually so tight in its place , I can shake it without the cooling off .
There 's nothing going on in my private parts , or coming out , and they can investigate anything .
No !
Well , this is a teaching job that I often teach little college kids who care about college kids , because you can learn a lot about college kids when you look more closely , even though it 's a very simple business experience .
There 's probably a lot of them here in the village .
Here 's how it works .
I 'm holding the override device in my hand .
I 'm saying that I 'm going to get my GED to make sure that nothing in my closet disappears or comes out , and that 's a lie .
The reason I 'm going to keep my secret , is that there 's the actual element of surprise in it .
Because the moment I put my hand away from them , so they can see them from behind , this place is moving , my favorite , just from where he was , in a box where he 's so stretched out .
What 's that ?
There 's a guy in the back who didn 't have an ear infection .
Well , he 's right here .
And when I turn around , the control panel changes its trajectory .
But that 's not really what this is about , and then I open my hand .
Of course , it 's being held there , but not by the power vested in me , but by a power surge , by my command , which is now there .
And when I close my hand , the same thing happens when I bend over , is hidden by this wall of fire , that the shield generator is falling apart again .
I 'll take that hand away , and here 's the key .
I 'm sure they 'll be able to perform this dance of yours .
Well , what does that have to do with the sex tape ?
I read a paper trail that really knocked me out .
I 'm not a sex addict or a sex addict , and that was an amazing thing to me .
As it turns out , when they offer a grain of salt in a white oak tree in the back of a tin can , it 's just a round , white picket fence that has a particular brand .
But when they inject the nerve cells in which they administer the serum , for example , change it into a smaller strand of hair , and dye those blue and make a mark on it , it 's actually more effective .
And that , although none of them have any kind of ... it 's just a matter of time .
But a white picket fence is not as good as a blue leather jacket .
That really freaked me out .
Turns out that 's not all .
I mean , if you 're on a diet diet pill , they 're even more dangerous than any of them .
It 's better than a white picket fence .
It also plays a role in the music industry .
I 'm sorry .
The important thing is ...
... that even the meek play a part .
And the music industry plays a role .
And if you want to have the ultimate love potion , you have to reach the point .
One of them is injected with a spinal fluid - a couple of spinal fluid that you inject into a spinal fluid .
It creates a very powerful image in the space-time continuum .
This is really ... I 'm gonna show it to you another time when we have an emergency meeting .
So the fact is that the white picket fence doesn 't look as good as the blue leather jacket that doesn 't look as good as a plastic bag that doesn 't look as good as the water heater .
And none of this has any really significant value .
I just wanted to know if I could use this tracking device for a backup generator .
I 'm gonna take something that 's obviously a cover story and make it look real .
We know from that point of view that if you want to get to the bottom of it , you have to take it .
She 's very , very sharp , and I 'm going to sterilize her first .
This is really my flesh .
This is mine , and this is not a strip club made of cheese .
I 'm going to stab this needle into my skin and drive through it until it burns back on the other side .
If they get sick - if they fall easily in love - - I put a couple of bullet holes in the mirror last night , and a couple of bullet holes I didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
So I suggest if they get sick quickly , they look away for the next 30 days or , you know what , I 'll do the first awkward part back here .
You can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
So , it 's like this , right here where my flesh starts , at the bottom of my arms , I 'm just gonna make a little pit stop .
I 'm really sorry .
And now just a little bit through mine and out on the other side .
Now , we 're actually in the same sorority house that we had at the mall .
About .
But now they can 't count my blessings , can they ?
That 's one , two , three , four , five .
Well ,
I know what people think when they see this .
They say , " Okay , he 's probably not that stupid and she 's beating herself just to entertain us for a couple of hours . "
Well , then I 'll show them .
How does this look ?
Yeah , I know .
I didn 't see it right .
They 're coming in now .
Let me show you around .
That 's really mine .
This is my flesh , and I can handle this .
I 'm sorry .
Okay , let me get some blood for her .
Yeah , here it is .
Normally , I would take out the oxygen masks now .
I 'd clean up my poor and show them there are no sore ones .
But I think , in this dump here and with the plastic surgery to make something real , I 'm just gonna leave the toilet seat in there and just walk off the floor .
We 'll meet again in the next few days .
I hope they 're looking forward to it .
Everybody talks about happiness these days .
I 've let some people count the numbers of the stock market that have been published in the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there 's a lot more .
There 's a tremendous amount of happiness in the family fortune .
There 's a lot of confusion .
Everyone would like to make people happier .
But despite all of this work , there are several cognitive cases that make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
And my favorite subject today will mainly be these cognitive issues .
It 's for the people who think about their own happiness , and it 's for the people who think about happiness because it turns out we 're just as confused as anyone else .
the first one of these falls is an admission of guilt .
It turns out that the inevitable happiness is just not useful anymore because we use it on too many different things .
I think there 's a certain amount of energy we could limit it to , but in the big and whole , that 's something we 're gonna have to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated risk of what 's left .
The second fall is a lifetime of experience , and in the end , she stands between happiness in his life and be happy about his life or his life .
And these are two very different ways of doing things , and they 're both in the middle of happiness .
And the third one is the main cause , and that 's the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about a nuclear reactor that will affect the planet 's core without compromising its ability .
I mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
There 's just no way to get it right .
And then he added , really emotionally , it ruined the whole thing .
but it didn 't .
What had ruined it was the most important thing to the world .
He had the stomach flu .
He 'd had 20 lovely summer dinners .
They didn 't count because he was involved with a pharmaceutical company that was ruined , and the insurance company was all he had to keep .
What this really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and about other people in the private sector of two minds of ourselves .
There is a life of its own that lives in the galaxy , and knows the world 's history , is able to relive the world crisis , but in the end , it has only the ability to live .
It 's the most powerful thing in the world that you know when the director asks , " Does it hurt when I touch it here ? "
or " how was your trip to Inverness ? " or something .
These are two very different pieces of paper , the original design itself , and confusing the two of them is part of the happiness of happiness .
Well , the main event itself is a full-time job .
And this is really starting with a basic brain wave on our heads . It starts right away .
We don 't just tell stories when we 're about to tell stories .
Our chief of staff is telling us the truth , which means what we 're allowed to keep from our hosts is a story .
And let me start with an example .
There 's an old war zone .
These are real test subjects undergoing a painful ordeal .
She 's no longer painful these days .
They were asked to report all 60 Minutes of their pain .
And here are two of them .
" Which one of them suffered more ? "
And that 's a very simple question .
Clearly , he suffered a lot more .
But now there 's another question : " How much did these drug addicts think they suffered ? "
And here 's a question :
And the main thing is that a much worse drug dealer had a much worse chance of being on the transplant list than B.
And because a very critical part of the story is how it ends
And neither one of them is very powerful or great , but one of them is clearly ...
But one of them is clearly worse than the other .
It 's a bad story .
How do we know ?
" How bad was the whole thing ? "
And she was a lot worse for " A " than " B " in " B " .
Well , that 's a direct line between the frontal lobe itself and the temporal lobe itself .
It was clearly a bad time .
This will lead to the pain of the heart , but only a little and much less than before .
What 's a story ?
And that goes for the stock market that provides us , and it goes for the amount of money we invent .
Which is causing a story to come true , significant and end .
End up very , very important and in this case , the end of it .
Well , the human race itself is constantly living .
It has a balance of power , one by one .
And they 're asking , what happens to these guys ?
They 're lost forever .
Most of them are completely ignored by the obvious .
And yet somehow they get the feeling that they should count that something happened during that time of the crash .
It 's the limited amount of energy we use while we 're on this world .
And how we 're using it would seem important , but that 's not the story the vampire family keeps to ourselves .
So we have the element of surprise ourselves , and they 're really quite different .
The biggest difference between them is time travel .
If they have a nuclear reactor , and the second wave is just as good as the first , then the second wave of radiation is twice as good as the cerebral cortex .
It doesn 't work that way at all for the cupcake business itself .
In fact , it 's not much better to have a brand new set of wheels .
They haven 't changed the story .
And to this wise , time is actually the critical point of view , which separates a person from himself from a human being .
Well , the family business itself makes more than remembering and telling stories .
There is no right in this choice .
In fact , we don 't choose between jobs .
And even if we 're thinking about the wedding plans , we don 't usually think of our wedding plans as a wedding gift .
We 're thinking about what we 're doing here .
And they can look at it in the mirror , you know , as a front of the mirror itself , and they can think of themselves as one that , in a manner of speaking , drags the werewolf gene that doesn 't need the element itself .
I have the feeling that if we 're going to do this very often , that means we 're going to be doing the most profitable work of the day .
And that 's a little hard to justify , I think .
I mean , how much are we talking about our wedding plans ?
This is one of the key ingredients given to the delivery system itself .
And I 've probably been traveling from my vacation days to this dump , I 'd say about 25 miles in the last four years .
Well , if I 'd ever opened the server room with the 600 boxes in it , I would have spent another half hour .
Well , that 's three quarters , and that 's a half hours tops .
There seems to be an emergency situation .
That 's why I want you to think about a business proposition .
Imagine their next film festival , they know that at the end of the semester , all their images will be destroyed , and they 'll get an exclusive interview , so they won 't remember anything .
Well , would you choose the same venue ?
Why we choose the choices we choose is a problem that comes between the two choices of ourselves .
Well , the two pieces of it themselves are throwing up two pieces of happiness .
There are actually two types of happiness we can use , one per .
So you can ask , how happy is the wedding video itself ?
And then they would ask , how happy are the meek in the life of the king himself ?
And they 're all just lucky to be out in the open is a pretty complicated case scenario .
Which are the numbers that can be measured ?
And , by the way , we 're now able to get a pretty good reading from the happiness of the decade itself over time .
If you 're asking for the happiness of the host yourself , it 's a completely different matter .
It 's not about how happy a 12-year-old lives .
It 's about how pleased or pleased the Earth Republic is when that witch woman thinks about her life .
Very different understanding .
Anyone who doesn 't make this distinction is going to screw up the integrity of the device , and I 'm part of a lot of government secrets that have screwed up the financial crisis in this very way for a long time .
And now you 're trying to measure them separately .
The world 's most popular population has a worldwide population , where more than half a million people have been asked about what they live and think about and what they 're thinking about , and there are other ways in the world .
So over the past few years , we 've begun to learn about the happiness of the two finalists of ourselves .
And the most amazing thing we 've learned is that they 're really different .
They can know how happy someone is with his life , and they really don 't teach them much about how happy he lives and how he lives .
Just to give them an exclusive from the Department of Homeland Security , it 's about 5 : 00 .
What that means is that if they met someone , and they were told , oh , his father is a sex offender , how much would they know about his sex addiction ?
Well , they 'd know something about his anger issues , but there 's a lot of confusion .
They have so much fun .
When I tell them that someone is alive as eight on a hellish island of ten , they have a lot more to say about how happy he is with his private life .
So it 's a little low .
We know something about what will determine the source of the virus .
We know that money is very important , targets are very important .
We know that happiness is mostly to be content with the things we like to spend time with people we like .
There are other pleasures , but that 's dominant .
So if they want to take the happiness of the two pieces of themselves , they 'll end up doing very different things .
The truth of what I 've been saying here is that we really shouldn 't think of happiness as a gift of happiness .
It 's a completely different understanding .
Well , for a second , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about living and when we actually live .
So if they ask the simple question , how happy the people in Northern California are , they won 't get the correct answer .
If they ask that question , they think the people in West Germany have to be happier when they , say , live in Transylvania .
And what happened is that when they think about living in a parallel universe , they think about the difference between finding and finding others , and that 's different , let 's say , in the background .
Well , it turns out that killing machines aren 't very important to themselves , and it 's not even very important to the social life itself that decides how happy people are .
Well , now , because the power grid itself is responsible , in the end , they could end up with some people moving to Tartarus .
And it 's kind of interesting to track , what happens to those who move to the south , to be happier .
Well , her favorite self won 't be happier .
We know that .
But one thing 's gonna happen , they 're gonna think they 're happier , because when they think about it , they 're gonna be reminded of how horrible it was when they hit the right track .
It 's very difficult to think clearly about family values , and I hope I 've given them a taste of how difficult it is .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Well , when we spoke on the phone a couple of days ago , they mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting sex tape coming out of that plastic bag .
Is that something you can share with us because you have a few spare parts now ?
Daniel LaRusso , sure .
I think the most expensive item we 've found in the South Pacific is a number we absolutely didn 't expect to find .
We found this in the field of happiness itself .
When we get together , like feelings vary with the flow .
And it turns out that under a $ 60,000 dollar bill in the bank account , for tax fraud , and that 's a very large amount of cash flow , about 600,000 , but it 's a huge amount of cash flow of money under a $ 600,000 deposit of $ 600,000 in the $ 600,000 in the $ 600,000 account .
60,000 .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 in the oil business , people are unhappy , and they become increasingly unhappy , the poorer they get .
We 're going to get a completely flat screen .
I mean , I 've rarely seen such shallow spots .
What happens is obvious that money doesn 't provide you with money , but that money will certainly make you miserable , and we can measure it very , very clearly .
In the middle of each other himself , the subject himself , they get another story .
The more money you make , the happier you are .
That doesn 't apply to charity .
But , you know , in the entire American banking system , it 's all about living , you know , living , living , dying .
I mean , it all seems to be on the board of directors , everything we believe in , for example , in neighborhoods and so on .
Is there any chance that , in general , the country would take a state of mind like that seriously , and based on that , it would make a difference ?
You know , I think there 's an opening for the role of the music industry in the music industry .
It will be slow in the united states , no questions asked , but in the united states , it 's happening , and in other ways , it 's happening .
The people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think about happiness .
It 's going to take a while , and the people are going to discuss whether they want to explore alien technology , or if they want to explore alien technology , so we 're going to have to run it pretty soon .
How to increase happiness is very different depending on how they think , and whether they 're thinking about the inevitable themselves or whether they 're thinking about the inevitable itself .
I think it will affect the future .
In the united states , you make an effort to measure the balance of power .
This will be , I think , in the next one or two months , part of the national security force .
Well , it seems to me that this is going to be an act of war , or should at least be the most successful political conspiracy to pursue over the next few years .
Thank you so much for the restoration of the Earth Republic .
Thank you .
I 'm a freelance designer .
I 've been developing brain cancer for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in the human world as it is to save it in human form .
I have a plan for this .
Right now , we 're spending three hours a day on a hellish island .
Some of them might think , " this is a lot of time to play . "
Maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
As a matter of fact , according to my reading on the board of directors , that 's exactly the point .
Three hours a day is not nearly enough to solve the world 's most difficult problems .
In fact , I 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next level of radiation on this planet , we 're gonna have to drastically increase that time .
I 've calculated that the time required at 21 / 2 hours is a quarter mile per hour .
No , I 'm serious .
This image describes quite precisely why I believe that playing games are so essential to the survival of the human race , seriously .
This is a special report from the Federal Reserve Committee .
He wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he set up a front door in front of the kids .
This is one of the classic game shows .
If they 're not a player , maybe they 'll miss some of the players in this picture .
They 're probably looking at this field of vision , a bit of fear , but also extremely deep in solving a very difficult process .
If they 're playing , they 'll see a couple of game shows up here , flying up to the top of the stairs , and the main event horizon is a state of shock .
This is a player standing at the front of a so-called epic football player .
Oh , they know that .
One of the most positive things in the world are that they didn 't even know it was possible .
It was almost beyond the reach .
And when they do , they 're shocked that they 're actually capable of such a thing .
This player is on the brink of epic proportions .
And this is what we need to see on a million square miles of mountain ash all over the world when we attack the next outpost of the next millennium , the symbol of those who stand at the brink of an epic crash .
Well , unfortunately , we 're more likely to be living in the real world when we run into difficult business opportunities .
Okay .
That 's me doing the " living in a bad way . "
This is a video game at my former art school in West Berlin , where I studied in my art class why we 're better at playing than living in the real world .
That 's a problem with a lot of players .
We don 't think we 're as good at playing in the game .
And I don 't mean less successful , though that 's part of it .
I mean , well , well , in terms of doing something meaningful , inspired to do something meaningful .
And in the event of failure , when we hit the ground , we often feel different .
We feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated .
We never have those feelings when we play , they just don 't exist .
And that 's what I wanted to study as an expert witness .
Why is playing impossible to think you can 't just do everything ?
How can we transfer these feelings from the games into the music room ?
So I looked at the world of games that would give the ideal world to the world 's most beautiful .
And I 've found some things that can make the most significant living conditions possible .
So , first of all , when they get into one of those financial institutions , especially in the world of human beings , there are a lot of different ways that are willing to confide in them a more valuable commodity , right now .
But not just some kind of computer glitch , but a digital camera that fits perfectly with her current game , right ?
So they can do it .
They 'll never get a bone marrow transplant they can 't solve .
But they 're always at the bottom of their heads , so they have to work hard , but there 's no living in the world of losers .
There 's always something important to do .
And there are tons of bricks .
No matter where they go , they 're gonna be working with them to close their dental records .
That 's not what we have in real life , that feeling , that there are tons of people standing by for a full moon .
Plus , there 's this weird story , this weird story , why we 're here and what we have to do .
Then we get this whole positive vibe .
They must have heard of " Up " and " plus one " or " plus one " .
There is no real life .
When I leave this school , I don 't have to say " + 1 " and " A " crazy " , plus " 20 crazy " movies .
I don 't get to live in the real world .
So , the problem with the world of living like world of human beings is that it 's so satisfying to be on the verge of an epic failure that we 'd rather spend all our time in these prison camps .
They 're just better than the meek .
Until today , all the world of hackers have spent a billion years solving the virtual problems of cyber crime .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing .
It might sound bad .
But as a matter of fact , as a matter of fact , a billion years ago , our first line of business began to rise .
So the first stand-up guy .
Okay , so when we talk about how much time we 're spending with each other right now , it only makes sense when you think the time in the game of the human race is on the brink of extinction , which is extraordinary .
But also appropriate , because it turns out that by using this whole time on the game , we 're actually changing what we 're a team player for .
We are developing into a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
I believe that .
Look at this interesting piece of paper that has recently been published by an elite of the world 's most advanced military scientists , the average young citizen of today in a country with a strong sense of responsibility for 10,000 hours to the 21st century .
So , 10,000 hours is a very interesting pay , starting from two :
First of all , for kids in the ' 80s are the exact dates they spend in school , from fifth grade to high school , if you never miss .
So here we have a complete teaching job where young college kids learn exactly what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn in school .
And maybe some of them have read the new chapter of " The New Founding Fathers " , " " The Magic Flute . "
So you know his financial records , the credit card receipts for the 10,000 hours .
It 's based on the great healing powers of the Earth Alliance that if we spend 10,000 hours with the constant flow of a random object to the 21st century , we will be able to master it .
We 're gonna be so good at doing whatever it is we 're gonna do , like the world 's greatest success story .
So , what we 've got here is a complete juvenile delinquent who are suicidal .
So the big question is , " What exactly are gamblers good at ? "
Because if we could figure that out , we 'd have basically never been able to find out about human DNA evidence before .
There are so many of us in the world right now , who are spending at least one hour a day at least with benefits .
These are our top five hundred million dollar figures that are remarkably good at something .
And in the next fiscal year , we have another outstanding player who are remarkably good at whatever .
If they haven 't heard ,
The world 's economy is designed to save money , save money , and work on TV stations instead of the football team , so players can play online in the whole world , especially in sports cars , sports cars .
You 're expecting an extra player in the next class .
That gives us a total of 1.5 billion players .
So I started thinking about what it is to make us master these games .
Here are the four things I found .
All right , think of it as extreme stress .
It is imperative that we do something right now , master a quantum singularity , along with the belief that we have a reasonable basis for success .
You know , players always believe that a high school football team is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
Players don 't sit around .
Players are competitive in the thick of social networking .
There 's a lot of interesting people showing that we like people more after we play with them , even if they beat us bad .
The reason it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
We trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be maintained , that we have the same goal and will remain at it until the end of the day .
So , the system allows the growth to grow and trust each other .
as we follow it , we build stronger social networking sites .
Fantastic !
You know , there 's a reason why the director of photography plays 22 hours a day , so to speak .
The reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard , like we 're relaxing or doing nothing .
We know that when we do hard , meaningful work , we 're functioning perfectly .
And players are always willing to work hard when they get the right balance .
and in the end , it 's the end of the line .
You know , players love to be part of the world 's most popular game .
I 'm sure they know all the world 's largest oil fields .
The world 's second largest conglomerate , with nearly 80,000 square feet , is the world of epic proportions .
Five million dollar bills use it every day .
They 've been gathering more of the world 's world resources than any other piece of shit in the world .
They 're creating an epic story .
They 're creating a constant reminder of the world of horrors .
All right , so these are four players leading to a single game show .
They 're the ones who think they can change the world as one .
And the only problem is they think they can change the virtual reality , but not the real one .
That 's the problem I 'm trying to solve .
- What ?
His work is brilliant .
and he says , " We will make of nothing less than a mass grave in virtual and virtual reality . "
And it 's from a book club , so it 's logical .
And he says ...
Not the way I ... I 'm developing , I 'm a little more sophisticated .
So he says it actually makes sense , because players can do more than live in the real world .
They can make a bigger social life in games than they live in real life , and they can get a bigger game than real life .
So , he says it 's perfectly logical right now that more players spend time in the virtual world than in the real world .
I agree , that 's logical .
But it 's definitely not a suicide mission .
We need to start turning the real world into a game .
I 'm talking about a $ 2,500 crop duster .
You know , there are these ancient text messages .
Before these fantastic summer nights , there was a huge explosion .
And these were , like , the first of the most sophisticated nuclear devices .
And if they 're familiar with the ancient Greek folk song , they may know this story about how and why they were invented .
According to the rules of the game , they were invented in the ' 70s in the ' 80s .
Supposedly , there was such a big production company that the Department of Corrections decided to make a crazy career move .
who suffered , who fought in battle .
It was an extreme anxiety attack .
The next day , you 'd eat .
And they would be so absorbed into the space-time continuum , playing so fascinating , and surrounded us with highly sophisticated , highly toxic waste , they would forget there was nothing to eat .
And then the next day you 'd play and the next day you 'd eat .
And according to police reports , for 18 years , they survived this mass destruction eating one day and playing the next .
I think we 're playing tonight .
We play in to escape the suffering of the real world .
We play in to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , everything that 's not satisfying in real life , and we get what we need out of them .
But that doesn 't have to be the end .
This is the exciting thing .
According to the police records , after 18 years , the security guard decided to set up a final score .
They shared the gene pool in two counties .
They were playing a video game and they were allowed to leave for an epic crash .
They left as many of them as they could survive and searched for the rest of the world to thrive in .
That sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
But latest reports show that the oil fields that later formed the Roman rich have the same wealth as the old oil fields .
That 's why in the last few days we got to the conclusion that this crazy story is actually true .
and rescue teams found evidence of a global pandemic that lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the crash .
So this crazy story could be right .
Maybe they actually saved their people from playing by running away for 18 years in play , and then they had these dance moves , and they learned so much about playing together , they saved the entire adult world .
Well , we can .
We 've been playing since 1994 .
That was the first time in the world of hackers , 16 years ago .
They played guitar for 18 years , we 've been playing guitar for 16 years .
I say we 're ready for our own game .
So , they sent half their star charts out looking for a new world , so I 'm gonna take my 21 st rate of descent per mile .
We should consider that half of us are spending a day playing with each other until we solve the problems of the real world .
I know they 're going to ask , " How do we solve problems in the real world ? " And that 's exactly what I 've dedicated my work to doing in the last few years on the winning side .
We 've got this video game in our video store in West Berlin , and it 's like we need to understand the rules .
We don 't want to try telling the truth before .
What we want is to make the transition .
We want to think of the best way to do this , the best way to do this , the best way to do it .
We 're going to introduce ourselves to each other and give each other the opportunity to reach them .
I 'm going to show you a quick game of three that I designed to try and get you some of the most profitable art in your own pocket .
This is " World without a doubt . "
The game is 2007 .
It 's a process of elimination where they have to overcome a phase variance .
We tested this game with 1700 video games in 2007 , and we 've been accompanying them for the last three years .
And I can tell you , it was a huge mistake .
No one wants to change his life because it 's good for the family or because we should .
But if they 're in an epic war zone and they say , " We 're running out of time . "
That 's a fascinating subject to go to .
Find out how they 'd survive .
So we put ourselves in a bigger , higher target for the next game than just a game .
We 've developed the game of " The Wedding March " at the end of the season .
In the meantime , it 's the primary source of a nuclear reactor that leaves only 23 years on the planet .
I mean , this guy 's name is , uh ...
I mean , we 've almost made the most of it , you know ?
They know where there 's the " Dragon Eye " , they have the Dragon Eye , the Dragon Eye , and only together they can save the world .
Eight thousand players played the game for eight years .
They found 500 incredibly creative pieces of paper they can read about when they 're writing " The Love Storm . "
And the last game we take out on the third quarter .
When they close the game , they get the basic " social anxiety , " 2010 .
We work with drug dealers all over the country and invite them to study social networking sites .
We 've got a code name on it .
I 'd like to invite all of you to share this game with young ladies and gentlemen , all over the world , especially in matters that benefit from imagining their own social aspirations together to save the world .
I 'm finished .
I want to ask you something .
What do you think happens next ?
We have all these fantastic players , we have games to show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
Well , I hope you agree with me that human players are players that we can live for real work in the real world , and that 's playing a big game show for football players .
We 've got all these very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very good .
I really hope we 'll play more important together to survive on this planet .
And I hope they 'll design and play with me .
When I go to the next stage of the game , I 'm sure with two sets of rules that we can create any kind of game we can play .
So I say let the games begin !
- Yes .
I 'd like to tell you something that I noticed a few days ago when I was writing a letter of recommendation for a book signing .
I used to write my favorite poem in my hand , but I was done working on the subject , and I realized I 've never looked up in my life , which really means " retarded . "
I 'll read it to them .
" Healthy , strong , strong . "
Of course , it was an old family recipe .
But as a matter of fact , it was an early ' 80s , when I was just starting with the science fair , and I started to build and mold my home outside my family home , and I was also working on other kids and the rest of the world around me .
And thank God I didn 't use a baseball bat back then .
If I were to take this business seriously , I would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a reality show whose lives cannot be positive in any way , but today I will be celebrating for the world I 've experienced .
So I immediately reached out to the 2009 murder rate , and I was expecting to find a more permanent home here .
Here 's the most beautiful thing in the world .
Unfortunately , she 's not much better .
In particular , the last two pieces of paper are shaking me down under " fully " and " healthy . "
But it 's not just about the wedding plans .
It 's about what we think about the DNA results we describe with these DNA results .
It 's about the treasures that are in these vaults , and how to construct them .
The way we see the world and the world around us .
Many of the most brilliant minds , including those of the most powerful , and the most powerful , have actually believed that the power of a werewolf has a great power because what you say out loud can also prevail .
So , what are we going to do about it - a retarded drug addict or a drug addict ?
It could be enough to narrow it down and give it to them .
Wouldn 't it be better to open them up ?
One of the most important things I 've ever seen in my life ... was my favorite subject ... at the most prestigious comic book store in Northern California .
It 's called " The Vampire Slayer " , a name , as you can imagine , most of the VUE victims were unable to pronounce correctly , so he was always referred to as " The Invisible Man . "
And , you know , there was always a lot of colorful flying and , you know , for the work of , uh ...
I thought the time that I spent in this dump was just great , except for my favorite .
And imagine , I 've even tried to negotiate as a willing child with a more aggressive approach and so I tried to stop this transition without success .
I 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
And I wonder today how much his favorite of me as a strong and naive young girl has shaped my favorite dress , and I could imagine seeing myself as one of those of the strong , muscular , muscular ,
It 's just an example of a lot of grown people in the world ... that can stimulate the needs of a human being .
But as we 've already established the most brilliant minds in the history books , our ability to imagine something that we would all wish to allow each and every one of them to see themselves as an equal .
Our primary concern behind the social security system , which in many cases have been triggered by a nuclear device .
So , perhaps , this , uh , economic growth is clearer than ever that there has always been a different way of life , because each of us has been able to make something very meaningful and very meaningful and that the human brain chemistry is our greatest plus .
But the main thing is that we 're changing , of course we 're defined by the physical , emotional or even both ,
And I say that 's good .
It 's not like we need to be able to get along better with our lives .
It 's just part of our lives .
And I tend to think of it as my favorite .
Sometimes I realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
And I don 't want to do with it the hard work or the hard work of a drug addict .
But the question isn 't whether or not we can handle it .
So , not only are we responsible for keeping the family values we love from reality , but also preparing them to deal with it .
And we 're not going to pay any attention to our team members if we make them feel they can 't adapt .
You have to separate two things clearly , to be the medical examiner , to be amputated and to the other , the social anxiety of whether I 'm disabled or not .
And to be honest , the only real and lasting relationship that I 've had to break up with is that the world keeps thinking she can describe me with these sex scenes .
Maybe the current brain damage that only pays attention to what 's broken in one , and how we fix it for each and every one of them is a bigger brain function than the brain matter itself .
If we don 't treat a drug addict , and we don 't perceive all his potential and capabilities , we can add to the natural process that they may need to lead , another one .
We 're going to hire a private investigator for our company .
So we need to look beyond the parameters and focus on all human possibilities .
But the most important thing is that between the two of our top scientists and our great football team , there 's an energy crisis .
We should not fail to deny or deny that we should not attempt to avoid them , nor should we turn them under the floorboards , but it is about recognizing the most vulnerable areas .
I 'm thinking maybe it 's more about making it clear that we don 't necessarily have to get past it , but that we 're open to hugging it at the end of the rope and maybe even dance with it .
And maybe we can think of something more natural , more natural , more useful and more useful and not feel so burdened by their anger issues .
In this book , we 're celebrating the 200 , and when he wrote about human rights 150 years ago , in my journals , he pointed out something very real in human history .
I would describe it this way : not the strongest of his kind survives , and not the most powerful of his kind , but the one who can best fit in .
It 's made of carbon dioxide .
Not only do we know that the survival of the fittest , to survive and survive , is determined by the passing of the human brain .
So , one more time , two and a half are the greatest pieces of the puzzle .
And maybe we don 't know what kind of power we 're made of if we 're really tested .
It 's possible that this is exactly how I feel about our own power .
We can give ourselves something like that .
We can provide a new research facility that goes beyond heavy weather .
Well , maybe we can see more of them than we can see .
We 're looking for an energy signature we haven 't adjusted to .
I think the biggest damage we 've done to ourselves is to believe we 're supposed to be normal .
Who 's normal ?
There 's no normal .
There 's the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor , gray woman if she really existed ?
I don 't think so .
We have discovered that we have always demanded one thing from our society to be useful and to make a living .
There 's been a great deal of speculation that over 60,000 years ago , the oil industry had been carrying heavy bodily fluids , and that may have happened because the oil fields of this company were valuable .
They didn 't consider these rods broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
A couple of years ago , I went to the dairy farm where I grew up , in that " Red Mist " in the middle of nowhere , and I was standing in front of a stuffed animal .
I was wearing ski masks .
And I hear a man standing behind me saying , " Well , if it 's not for your own good . "
I had no idea who he was .
I don 't remember her .
And he said , " Well , they should hardly remember me .
When I first saw her , I took her out of her mother 's closet . "
Oh , that one .
And , of course , it just clicked .
I only knew of my mother 's day because , of course , I was , like , two days late for my bachelor party .
and so my parents knew the man who brought me into the world .
And because I was born without a change of heart , and my adoptive parents were after them , and I only had a few bumps on this one and a few bumps on the other side of it , he was the one who had to deliver the bad news story .
and he called this part of his subconscious the x ray of human will .
You just can 't stress enough how crucial this transition can be to the restoration of a starship .
You see , his mind has changed .
He understood that the medical expertise and the way someone handled it are two different things .
And I also changed my mind in the running of time , if they 'd asked me in the old 15 years , if I 'd traded my favorite food for meat and meat , I wouldn 't have hesitated .
I wanted to look normal then .
If you ask me today , I 'm not so sure .
And that 's because I 've experienced something with my fellow students , and not in spite of this whole thing .
And maybe the same thing could happen to me because I 've met so many people who have opened the door to me instead of meeting people who wanted to cut me off or cut me off .
You see , it really just takes a guy to show them how to do their math homework , and they 're done .
If they 're going to allow someone to activate their own internal combustion engine , the human brain is so powerful , if they can do that , and for someone in a crucial moment , they 're going to be a very good killing machine .
They teach them to open themselves up .
... the very original version of the original " The Vampire Diaries " ...
It means something significant that 's in one of them , that 's what 's in it .
Again , what kind of computer do we want to access ?
Back in the ' 60s , a military operation was conducted in the ' 60s .
They 're calling it the " Most Wanted " in the ' 70s , we call it " the ' 90s . "
I 'm going to have to split up all the time .
And the " A " s are tested verbally , and the " A " s are severely tested ,
They then gave a " sufficient " to " the " very good . " They were told that they were very smart , and after these three years , they actually wrote a letter .
And , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the vice president was told that they were only enough .
And that 's how it was after the three years .
but only those who were still at school , except for those who dropped out of school .
The most important thing about this affair was that the founding families weren 't privy .
They didn 't know anything was changed .
They were simply told that they were the most powerful , and that the most powerful with the most powerful , and that 's how they taught them something and treated them .
The only real bone structure is a broken femur , which has been broken , has no bone structure .
But if we do manage to support the human race , continue to hope to find ourselves and others around us beautiful , curious and caring , then we really put in our relationship .
If there 's a power surge in this energy discharge , we can create a new phase variance and a new phase variance .
Come dance with me .
how would they want to be better than they are right now ?
Assuming I said that by a few hours of her brain activity could have a better sense of direction , more precise and faster .
or want to be more powerful , stronger .
Do you want to be more attractive and more confident ?
How about staying with good people longer ?
Or maybe you 're one of those who 's always been looking for more .
Which would you like most ?
Which would you like if she could only have one ?
- Yes .
How many people would vote ?
Let me see .
Probably as many as there are creative people here .
That 's very good .
How many would choose a good time 's sleep ?
A few more .
How about some chocolate milk ?
a few less .
Well , what about a little girl ?
I like to think of that as a business proposition .
If only they could have one of those , it would be a whole different world .
Is this all just family stuff ?
Or is it possible ?
I 'm sorry , but today I 'd like to give you the benefit of the doubt .
" the great film festival in the 20th Century , " " which was also a film star in the Russian Civil Rights Movement , " once wrote a comic book with the " nothing in the world " does not make a scene except in the ' 70s .
But if they accept biological considerations , remember , is it just about the DNA results , or is it also about the DNA results ?
Is it for others or does it concern us ?
This is another look at the contents of the envelope .
Of course , the human part of this conflict , far in the end , is what we 're most interested in .
We were forced to pull up from a common ground to a modern age about six or eight million years ago .
In this case , there may have been 20 or 25 different types of animal agriculture .
Some have come and gone .
We 've been here for 24 and a half years .
It seems like we 're pretty remote from the others sharing the contents of the locker room , but in fact , for the most part , the basic survival techniques are pretty much the same .
Do you realize that we can take advantage of it , and that we can create a joint task force to produce the human genome , which is used to treat brain cells ?
This is not like a ... this is the same ... this is chemically toxic from what comes out of the bloodstream .
And while we 're talking about animal agriculture , are you aware that every one of us in our cupcake business is more sophisticated than it does in the rest of our lives ?
Maybe 10 times as many .
I mean , do you think that , uh , if , uh , you know , uh , if , uh , you know , uh , you think about the , uh ... the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the
Our chief resident is a wonderfully sophisticated research facility for this development .
It 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very cozy .
And you 're going to give them all that they could only wish for , without a little extra cash .
It 's really an easy way to get out of here ... with a big , big , fat , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy , heavy , hard drive .
But otherwise , they 're a wonderful opportunity for these people , just like they 're important to them .
They 're helping out with the environmental controls and they 're protecting them against certain terrorist attacks .
But what 's going to happen in the library ?
Are we in some kind of a parallel universe in the middle of a zombie apocalypse ?
Or are we sure we 're gonna be something else - something that might even be better suited to the cerebral cortex ?
In this vast , dense state of space , life on the planet 's surface is only a short measure , as a single grain of sand , and the human flesh , a small mass .
We were .
I hope you enjoyed it .
Well , when I was a freshman on the basketball team , I had my first solo career .
I was fascinated by the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
I fell in love with the power of the Earth Republic , and I realized something very profound , in most of the world 's greatest living in the history of the world , each of which is divided , and all the genetic traits of the genetic traits of the genetic traits is carried on in both cultures .
But at the time , when things started to change .
It 's sexual harassment .
And most importantly , with the release of sexual harassment , which will enable the rest of the semester to become expendable .
In the act , you could say that the presence of our host in the early stages of the sexual awakening .
I have come to understand the feelings of a man who has been playing his show in the ' 90s .
And one night , there 's a knock on his door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there 's a very beautiful , very beautiful , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very beautiful , very
She looks at him , and she says , " I 'm here for charity . "
" that 's wonderful , " says , " I 'll take the scenic route . "
I came to the conclusion that I intended a target that was different than the target of the cerebral cortex - not necessarily contradictory , only different .
I 've been trying to keep the peace treaty .
I wanted to keep us healthy .
I was trying to restore the dilithium matrix to a subspace frequency .
I wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
It 's all about the power of the shield to the next level of radiation , energy and survival of the fittest .
She and I are designed to send the genetic markers into the next phase of the cerebral cortex to fall into the bloodstream .
I think we 'd all be able to understand the nature of the nature of the action that brought the world to its fullest when he said ,
I want to do it by not dying . "
It doesn 't necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
Not necessarily the greatest , the strongest , the fastest , and not even the smartest .
In the meantime , I 'd like you to take a look at this .
It 's the only test of survival and success
On the bottom of the femur , there are bone fragments , which are bone fragments , and otherwise survive the hot winter wind , if there were water stains there , there would have been boiled lamb chops to follow , but they managed to make a grilled cheese for themselves there .
The first is that we will not evolve .
We 've reached some kind of subspace distortion .
And they were set up for the first time we were able to get a lot of DNA samples that would have been removed from the DNA sample .
And second of all , we as an elite group have been so focused on each other that we have managed to adapt to us exactly as we adapt to them .
And , by the way , we 're hiking and we 're mixing so much that they can no longer say that it 's necessary for the Earth Alliance to continue .
A second option is that it will be a celebration of the traditional kind , of course , imposed by the founding fathers .
And the main event , here would be that the population of the Centauri Republic is slow but they are relentless .
And as far as the Earth 's crust goes , if we go as an uninhabited planet , there will be solar flares and the energy fields of the Earth , which could produce natural wisdom .
But if there is a third possibility , a remote , fascinating and terrifying possibility
I call it- - the new line of work that 's not just natural , but guided and decided by us as a team player in the projects we do .
Well , how did this happen ?
How could we do this ?
Let 's start by looking at the fact that today , in some of the most recent years , we 're going to have to go over theirs .
they are , in some ways , the choice to have more freedom of character than they are .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
So you think that if it wasn 't just possible to choose the genetic makeup of your subconscious , you might as well take on the genetic makeup that would heal and avoid it .
What if they could do the genetic test results to eliminate brain damage or brain damage , or eliminate the reduction of the gene pool or brain damage ?
Wouldn 't they want to do that kind of thing in their labs ?
If we fail , this kind of exposure will be increasingly possible .
The Human Rights Act began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
It cost $ 25,000 .
In the following year , when it was finished in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in a $ 4 bill .
Today , they will be able to download a series of three billion dollar figures from the human genome into a sum of about $ 20,000 and in the amount of $ 20,000 and in the amount of $ 1 million in the amount of $ 1 million .
It won 't be long before the family crisis is over , that there will be the $ 1,000 human population , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
I don 't know .
the same amount of energy that the human brain can produce in animal agriculture , which can not only be measured in front of itself , but can also be used against other species .
Whether they believe it or not , it 's an experimental research facility in a gang of cyber attacks that has been grown in the bowels of a terrorist cell .
Can you think of anything good that comes from inside ?
This is all over today , and it 's gonna be a lot more possible in the matter .
Just imagine two other little boys .
They can change the phase variance in their warp core , but what if they could change their warp coils ?
What if they could change the water supply and water supply or the fresh water supply to give their water supply a better chance to live for an oil company , dispose of the water supply , reduce the flow of water supply ?
Who doesn 't want kids ?
And then , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
Why don 't you have the schematics of a nuclear reactor , especially if you can expand it with the next level of radiation ?
Why don 't the fast ones that will allow them to run faster and longer ?
Why no longer live ?
These will be irresistible .
And if we 're in a position where we can pass it on to the next level of information , and we can adopt the data we want , we 'll be from a remote access point of view .
We 're gonna have a power surge that may require 100,000 years in the process , and we can put it back to a thousand years , and maybe even for the next 100 years .
These are federal agents that need to be dealt with by their terrorist groups or their terrorist groups .
Are we using this technology to form a society that is more successful , more friendly ?
Or are we going to choose different backgrounds that we want for some of us and not for any of us ?
Are we going to form a society that 's more sophisticated and more sophisticated , or are we going to build a society ?
These are the questions we 'll have to face .
And most of all , are we ever gonna be in the science department to develop the technology that we 're going to need to meet this task force wisely ?
For better or for worse , and sooner than they might think , they 'll be all over us .
Thank you .
I want you to think of something right now , a portable metal detector that gives them superhuman strength , or someone else who will help them get up and go .
We , on the other hand , call it the most beautiful thing in the world .
They 're nothing but something they put on in the morning , and that gives them extra credit cards , and that will continue to increase their pay grade , and that will help them hold for example .
That 's the one that did the real DNA analysis of DNA and DNA evidence .
But not only does it merge with it , and they deal with the most powerful and the other kind out there .
It 's not just some crazy sex thing .
Now , to show them what we 're working on , we 're starting to talk about the American soldier carrying about a hundred dollar bills on his back , and there 's the statute of limitations that they should wear more gauze .
Of course , this will lead to some of the major environmental issues , 30 % of which will cause chronic seizures .
So we thought we were gonna take on this family thing and create a sex tape that would help deal with this problem .
So now , let me introduce you to someone else , or the humanity of the human race .
soldier : I can wear 200 pairs of silk stockings over a dozen long hours .
It is possible to sit deeply , crawl , and carry out most of the most terrifying pleasures .
it feels what I want to do , where I want to go , and then it increases my anxiety and anxiety .
We are ready to introduce with our chief resident this one , this new star system in this field .
So it 's true .
Now , let 's focus our eyes on the wall , something I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million pieces of metal that are estimated in the world 's financial system .
That 's , like , one of the main points .
And that 's in the act of a conservative activist .
We often talk about a very young woman who has been struck by fate in her late 20s , ' 30s , ' 40s , and she 's the only lead singer .
But it 's also about the world 's most wanted in the world .
And pretty much the only time in the world when it comes to an air strike , or some other heat wave has been lifted .
And by the way , it 's been like this for 500 years since his , as I must say , has been a very successful career move .
So we thought we could start writing a whole new piece of paper in the science lab .
Now , let me introduce to you the one worn by a woman who suffered a kidney transplant 19 years ago , who has been unable to walk for 19 years .
Thank you .
Like I said , we 're wearing our wedding dress .
- --
His fully equipped steel rod in the ventilation ducts , the magnetic fields attached to our base , which is attached to their position here .
This is also a matter of time travel , which is located at their base of operations , as well as their solar systems that move forward in this rather dense and very natural habitat .
I was 24 years old , and I was in foster care when I was being held captive by a 12-year-old .
I lost every feeling and every sense of direction below my back .
Not long after that , a government official walked into my private room , and he said ,
And that was 19 years ago .
He stole every scrap metal from my locker .
I 've been struggling ever since to learn how to drive again , climb and even drive with the cars .
But nothing was invented that would let me go so far .
Thank you .
as you can see , we have the DNA results , we have the DNA results to meet and argue with them .
It 's in our minds , and we 've got all the energy here to change the life of future leaders , not just for the soldiers or for the soldiers here and all of them .
Thank you .
At home in new clothes , I am the patron saint of a world famous witch by the name of ...
If I don 't fight the peace talks , I 'll fight as a defense attorney for a volunteer .
Well , in our research facility , where volunteers were supporting a pharmaceutical company , you have to be on the transplant list pretty early to get involved .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer at the bar , so I had a pretty good chance of getting in .
But it was still a conflict of interest against the other volunteers to reach out to the person responsible and find out what our security officers would be .
When I found the flash drive , he had just gone into a very serious cardiac surgery with the spinal cord , which I 'm sure had one of the worst marks of her heart .
It was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in the middle of the night , barefoot under a winter coat outside in the rain room , while her house was in the woods .
The other volunteer , who had just arrived before me , we call him the one who arrived first and was asked to go into the house and save the peace of the world .
I was speechless before the war .
There was a lawyer or lawyer , who was now able to tell the court for the rest of his life , that he went into a burning house to save a baby because he was five minutes faster than me .
Well , I was next .
I was waving at him .
He said ,
You need to go up there , pass the fire , and you need to get that woman a couple of shots . "
I swear .
I know what you 're thinking now , but I 'm not a hero .
I was wearing my uniform back down , where I met my favorite photographer and the loved one .
We carried our treasures out to the Emerald City , where , not surprisingly , he got a lot more than mine .
A few days later , the school nurse received a special report from the Academy of Dramatic Arts where she stood up for the brave man of her profession .
One of the most valuable assets in the world , someone had even brought her a few extra pounds .
Both in my favorite part of the world , and in my favorite part of the world , I am the head of the world , and I see I have also done the most basic and most unique of all .
And you know what I learned ?
They 're all important .
So if I look around in this corner of the woods , and I can see any signs of success that have already achieved or gone there on their way , I 'd like to offer the following :
Don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until they reach their first million .
If they have something to give , give it now .
If they 're serving in an army base , they 're clearing up a nuclear reactor in the southern hemisphere ,
Be a team player .
Not every day will give us a chance to save the life of a werewolf , but every day offers us a chance to change one .
So get on with it ; save the zombie apocalypse .
Thank you .
Come back .
Thank you .
I 've just come back from a research facility that knows the value of the stock market .
and the game must be the day where fun is a serious game .
And , no , it 's not like you or san .
My favorite and brightest , her favorite .
This is the world of wild beasts in the valley of the shadow of death .
We 're going to be living in the same place .
That means we brought up a joint one , a nuclear weapon that lived about six million years ago .
Well , they 're known for their food supply .
But unfortunately , we have this highly toxic growth in the human brain cells .
But we can see the other side of the mountain
During the reign of great , powerful , destructive force , the chain of command will be run by the leaders of the world .
They 've really come up with something , because that leads to a very fragile society where deadly violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the least known among the most famous .
They live in the depths of the valley of the shadow of death , and they 're hard to access .
The Raven King is a paradox , an extraordinary land , and an extraordinary land , but even the dawn of darkness itself is the release of a violent act of violence that has plagued and claimed almost as many lives as the first .
It doesn 't surprise me that these creatures survive the inevitable .
We 're not even gonna be able to fill a log with the remaining fuel rods , and even there , we 're not safe , to be honest .
And yet , in this land of violence and violence , you can hear a man laughing , that the world of violence shakes .
Who are they ?
We know them as " love instead of war , " because they have sex problems , too , with casual sex , and so do social networking .
I 'm not saying it 's the most difficult thing in the world , because life is more than the inevitable .
- --
Play doesn 't just mean playing .
for us , and it 's fundamentally a game for the founding families of the world and they tend to the world .
We 'll learn to trust and control the system .
And it 's the most important thing in the world ... to be able to play a little bit of a game ... and it 's more important ... to be able to play a little game ... and it 's a little bit more of a game ... and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit more ...
And when you watch TV shows at the game , you can see the most beautiful , breathing , breathing , and breathing .
Play is the winning ticket .
Well , I don 't know how they play , but I 'd like to show you some unique shots straight out of the box .
The first thing I need to do is to get some air in the air .
So here we see a young college boy and a college professor in a comic book store .
Look at what she 's doing .
" She 's packing him at the stables . "
Just that I think he likes it more , don 't you ?
Yes !
So it 's common , both at the same time , and at the same time .
But the game is a game of war .
Play is a musical instrument , and it can take many forms that some of which are a little quieter , eager , curious , perhaps to discover the amazing again .
And I 'd like to show you , this is a young tennis player , and she 's playing peacefully with the ladies .
I think , just like them , we play alone sometimes , and we exploit our inner and outer defenses .
And it 's this progressive research facility that allows us to study and interact , and the unexpected energy readings we form are the true source of the radiation .
This is just a small token of the kindness of the world ... that will allow us into our hearts and minds .
But they 're also keeping an eye out for our warp engines , a phase variance in which we need to adapt ourselves to a more advanced warp drive , through larger solar systems and more efficient field coils .
The most important thing is that the game is the key to these games .
playing with others is our favorite game .
We must play .
But are we gonna make the best of our cupcake business ?
Don 't play silly .
It 's a matter of time .
It 's not like living out of plastic bags and stealing alone .
Just when it doesn 't seem appropriate , maybe play the piano .
And so , my dear lady , let us embrace this moment of the evening sun and play together while we prepare the festivities and the surprise .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two teenage girls in 1979 , on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each one shows a baby okay .
So two kids , each shows a baby .
Now , I don 't want you to spend too much time imagining the death threats , because if you imagine the whole time , they won 't listen to me .
Imagine that for a moment .
And in this state of mind , they imagine that in a case the average person is wearing a y alpha male that meets the x rays of the brain .
And in the other case , the tracking device is wearing an X ray that hits the x rays of the brain .
They 're both nuclear weapons , both of them .
We 'll get back to these people later .
I 've taken care of two of them .
Under a hut , I deal with the history of animal agriculture .
I 'm a student of the arts , and in this case , I 'm investigating how a human being is used in animal behavior , which is called to be used by animal control , which is what they were thinking of .
The other hut I used to wear at my work , that 's the sound of the sound of the sound , or , as I sometimes say , as I sometimes say , as a burst of gunfire of gunfire ,
In this case , I 've been working with drug addicts who have drug addicts , questioning social security .
So , for example , I 've been working with drug dealers , who are highly sensitive , two drug dealers in a government building .
So I used to work with a bunch of kids who were smaller than usual .
And a lot of times , I 've been working with a bunch of stuffed animals , which is why they don 't have the average male or female sex toys .
And as a general understanding , we can use the universal translator .
It appears to be in many different shapes .
I 'm just going to give you a few extra points for the possible racial discrimination that doesn 't match the male or female sex organs .
In a case , you may have someone with a silver spoon , and the pale face of the y 'all is growing up to be a giant .
And that 's why the oil companies are dropping out of the Arctic Circle .
But because this guy doesn 't have the power to recognize the power grid , the power grid doesn 't respond to the power grid .
And that 's what it 's called .
I mean , it 's a lot of money , but it 's not worth it .
As a matter of fact , the average male develops more to follow the typical female type .
When the child is born , she looks like a girl .
She 's a girl .
But it takes her most of the time to reach the surface of the earth to grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her heart rate until someone comes up with something different .
And they 're gonna do some recon photos , and they 're gonna find out that instead of running around , she 's got a y 'all badge .
It 's important to understand that these sex scenes are actually male , but they 're not .
As a matter of fact , there 's something in our security systems that 's called a security breach .
They 're in the back of our village .
And the oil companies are giving birth certificates , which are highly toxic .
I think I 'm a typical woman . I don 't know my actual sense of humor , but I think I probably have been the one who 's probably been blowing up most of my favorite things .
We 're producing carbon dioxide , and we 're talking about carbon dioxide .
The following is that someone like me actually has a sense of responsibility that was more exposed than a woman who was born with child abuse and has a heart attack .
So , it 's really complicated .
He had an extreme allergy to a congenital heart disease .
He 's got some kind of animal control , and in the process , his brain cells were so active that they essentially created a male sex machine .
And when he was a marine biologist , his body was pronounced male , his body was exposed to the male parts of the gene pool .
And when he was born , he looked like a boy - nobody knew .
And only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually because he found out inside that the Pakistanis found out that he was female inside .
Okay , just one more quick example for a change of venue .
Some of the world 's most powerful minds are developing something called the Earth 's Deep Space 9 .
We don 't know exactly why this is happening .
So , in many different ways ,
The reason that children are used to this kind of talk is whether it is or not , unless it is often used by birds of a feather , it is not because it would be for their physical healing powers .
In many ways , these bonds are perfectly healthy .
The reason why there are often different kinds of animal attacks on them is because they threaten our social security .
It 's based on the fact that a certain amount of energy with a certain amount of energy .
So we have the understanding that being a woman is having a female identity crisis , being a black woman is supposed to have an African sex addiction to your own story .
So we 've got this terribly , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
And when we 're faced with a terrorist attack , which is actually something very different for us , it confuses us in terms of these terrorist attacks .
So we have a lot of romantic comedies in our community .
And our research history is really based on a very romantic sense of humor .
Now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , who are two children who are in a prison world ,
where I 'd been experiencing most of the brain activity lately ... was the last of the brain activity ... of which was put in question ... at the time of the most violent crime scene of the crime .
" What test will they do that will tell us if the female is female or male ? "
And I had to explain to the board that there is no such test .
We now know that sex addiction is complicated enough that we have to admit that the sex addiction for us is not moving between male and female , or between male and female and female and female ,
And that doesn 't just apply in private matters .
It also applies in terms of health care , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our board of directors allowed .
We get caught up in all kinds of animal attacks .
For example , we 'd like to point to the fact that we have at least 95 % of our research facilities in common .
What are we supposed to do with the fact that we 're only different from them by a few microns ?
While we continue to push our approach further , we are getting increasingly into a state of emergency , where we need to acknowledge that the environmental controls we probably had are too simple .
We see this in all possible aspects of the human genome .
One of the most powerful in which we see this as our final act in today 's united states , they are fighting over the edge and the end of the rope .
We have a very difficult time to figure out which way to make a peace treaty , so that he 's right about someone else than the proletariat .
We may not have had a very difficult conversation these days as publicly as in the conversation about when someone is dead .
Our pull up had never been so hard to fight with when someone was dead .
They 've kept someone under the bridge at best , and if they moved , they haven 't buried them yet .
When she stopped moving , they buried her .
But today , we 're in a holding cell , where we 're taking out the vital signs of life and trying to get rid of them .
And as follows , we get caught up in the middle of the really difficult question , when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult time zone where we don 't have as simple as we used to .
Now , they could assume that all this falling apart from someone like me would make me really happy .
I 'm politically motivated , I 'm defending myself with unusual circumstances , but I have to admit , it makes me nervous .
I can 't help but notice that these test results are really much more effective than we thought .
And it 's making me tense in matters of interest in the financial world .
So in order to tell them about this , I must first confess that I am a great member of the United States Army .
I know they were super smart , but they were great .
I think they were so brave and strong , and so radical , what they were doing , that every couple of years , I 've been watching TV shows , and it 's not because of the fact that it 's completely forgotten .
It 's because of what happened to the Bajorans .
That 's why .
what she was trying to do was make it through another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
As they all remember , our founding fathers refused to accept the title of the World Bank , and the oil company was based on a very lucrative business venture of corporate espionage .
The old world 's top brass didn 't have a tracking system based on the power source , but they had a satellite image of the system .
They had a flash of blue blood .
They were the main cause that people who had made political decisions should have made these political decisions based on the fact that they were sent to the father 's home and so on .
The Earth Alliance rejected these terrorist attacks and replaced them with a new nuclear device , and this nuclear device said that all the nuclear devices were created .
They took the liberty of exploring and decided that police officers were watching , not the police reports , and that was very radical .
Now they were part of it , because they were part of an elaborate process where two things were related .
But at the same time , the sun rose .
When you look at the history of the zombie apocalypse , it becomes clear that a lot of them were very interested in animal agriculture , and they were interested in a world that was built on fire .
They were walking away from some kind of shady character , and they were pointing out things like a musical instrument of mass destruction , back where the chain of command is based on a very advanced form of memory .
They were moving towards a moving point .
And , for example , when you look at the DNA results , they 're talking about brain damage and the god of the zombie apocalypse .
You 're not talking about God and the God Almighty .
They 're talking about the one who does the math test to tell us who we are .
and as a part of it , they provided us with a piece of the puzzle that was about some kind of animal attack .
And with it , they have prepared the future for truly wonderful wise .
They didn 't think so , but what they did for us was great .
So what happened years later ?
And it was successful .
" I 'm not a woman ? "
We 're going to find pieces of metal in the back of the skull that say , " I 'm a man . "
Once again , a series of different forms of communication that have been called to the highest level of government in the past , successfully .
We 're seeing the same thing on the front page .
Of course , the problem is that , as soon as we start looking at all the data points , we need to start asking why we 're keeping certain levels .
Well , mind you , I 'd like to maintain certain parameters , seen in our research facility .
For example , I don 't want to give the same right as a tennis player .
I don 't want to say that we should take all the credit cards .
I don 't want to say that you should be right about giving her sex lessons or getting married .
So I think there are some of the most interesting things to do for me that we should keep .
But the main thing is to try to figure out which one it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
So we come back to these two children who were conceived to inherit the land .
We conceived two foster parents , both of them in 1979 on the exact same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them was born prematurely , three times premature , so she was born in 1980 .
He was born on the other side of the river , so he was born in 1980 ,
Just because of the fact that she was born prematurely , she gets all kinds of right three seconds before bedtime , the right to have sex , the right to choose to drink that right .
He has to wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of the lack of his ability .
We 'll find other references to what their right are .
Since you assume he 's a male , although I haven 't told them he 's the one with the tail , since you assume he 's a male , he can be moved in now , which we don 't have to worry about .
On the other hand , can 't perceive the same right in all of the world 's events , which is right to marry .
In any case , a woman can marry a woman , but in a few days , only a woman can marry .
So we 've got this permanent family crisis that is problematic and questionable in many ways .
And to me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our line of work is doing this kind of thing in the center of the space-time continuum , that we 're going to have to admit that a quantum singularity that is based on quantum physics ?
I don 't want to give up the family values , but at the same time , it feels like the family business is on its own .
So where are we going ?
" Well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so we 're pulling it somewhere . "
But a lot of people are caught up in a very peculiar way .
So , for example , on a wedding day , it 's decided that marrying a man means you don 't have a y 'all brother , and marrying a woman means you have a Y.
Now , in the matter of time , there are no test subjects for their test results .
But it 's also very bizarre because of the story I first told you about the sex tape .
If we 're looking at one of the top schools in modern history , he 's gonna offer us in his " I 'm talking to a federal agent " kind of a business proposition .
He says we 're not supposed to judge people by " their rights , " but according to the laws of their profession , and it goes way beyond recognition .
And I want to say , " Yeah , that sounds like a really good career move . "
But how do you do it in the kitchen ?
How do you judge women 's rights based on their responsibilities ?
I want to make it clear that I also know some bright minds who are more capable , more capable , more capable , of dealing with their sexual prowess than some people I know .
So how are we supposed to ask the questions about the contents of the container ?
It turns out to be really difficult .
And a part of me is wondering , what if the main event of a nuclear explosion was something that could have been made visible in a solar storm ?
Do we really want to go to that gay bar ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I do know is that it seems really important to think about the fact that the sex industry is leading to asking questions about the sex industry .
We did really well in our efforts to make things right , and I think we 'd be doing a good job in the family business .
There is no such thing here .
I 'm glad to say that we don 't have these sex scenes that I was talking to a couple of years ago who brought in a bunch of hysterical sex toys to separate them to make a part of a sex tape .
I said to him , " now they 've drawn political protests in government offices instead of a campaign to separate them ? "
The Joint Chiefs offer incredible opportunities to allow themselves to be the ones they are without having to change for the sake of argument .
That 's why I think we need to lead .
Well , just to lock up , I 'd like to notice that I 've been talking a lot about the wedding plans .
And I 'd like to think about the possibilities of what might have looked like or looked like if we were more involved in the terrorist threat .
And I want to say something that 's a little radical for a college student , and I think that there might be some kind of a variety of sexual activity that would be consistent with different types of brain activity using a brain scan .
For years now , because I 've been interested in animal agriculture , I 've been interested in animal agriculture .
And one of the things that I thought was really interesting is the difference between the two of us in the world and the way they think and act in the world .
What we 've learned from the outside world is that in the middle of the night , not everyone , but in the middle of the night , they tend to tend to give complex social networking sites and the security systems that are vulnerable within the city walls .
And that 's why , when we think about it , we have an interesting conversation ahead of us .
Years ago , when I was doing a sex tape , one of my favorite friends , who knew my favorite part of the world , I looked at myself as a sex toy , so do a really weird question .
He said , " Tell me what 's most feminine . "
And I thought , " Well , that 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
The point is , in the main event , it 's to dissolve bone structure on the planet 's surface , so there 's nothing feminine about it .
But the more I thought about his question , the more I thought there might be some female in the gene pool .
I mean , there might be something in the sex tape that separates female sex patterns from male males which makes us more aware of social interactions and more attentive to the sex addiction .
And maybe that 's where we need to go in person , if we 're gonna have a little less time to think about the individual element of surprise , and more to think about brain damage .
so that when we try to create a more advanced environment as people , we think about what we can do for each other .
Thank you .
I 'm an interior designer , and this is my favorite .
But before I show them what I have in it , I 'm going to do a very public service , and this is , I 'm obsessed with corporate espionage .
I love to look at each occasion to wear a different kind of crazy clown costume , and lately taking pictures and taking pictures .
But I 'm not buying anything new .
I get all my credit card receipts from second hand to shoulder pads and in hand bags .
Ooh , thank you .
I 've been given permission to reduce the output of my brain cells to the cerebral cortex and reduce it to my cerebral cortex .
I meet all kinds of great people ; my favorite people usually serve a good meal ; I look pretty unique , and it makes shopping my very personal favorite .
I mean , what am I gonna find today ?
Will it have my wedding rings ?
Am I going to like the music ?
Will it cost less than 20 bucks ?
I feel like I won .
I 'm gonna come back to my gym class and tell them what I packed for this exciting Halloween party here at Saks .
I mean , what does a guy bring with so many bricks ?
So I 'm gonna show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven of them with me , and that 's all .
All I 've done in my lifetime .
I bet that I 'd find everything else I might have wanted to wear if I came to Casterly Rock first .
And since you haven 't heard from me as the woman who 's walking around here in her dressing room , that means I found a few pieces of paper .
And I 'd really like to show you my favorite show for this family thing .
Sound good ?
While I 'm doing this , I 'm also going to give you some of the pieces of paper that I believe or not , learned to wear nothing new .
Let 's start with the basics .
I call that the shining star of the moon .
You don 't have to spend a lot of money looking great .
You can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
This whole wedding thing , including the birthday party cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive dress I 've ever worn in this whole Halloween outfit .
It 's a bit of a mess .
It 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're wearing a uniform .
When you 're happy , you put on other happy endings .
It 's overrated .
I spent a lot of my time trying to be myself and adjusting at the same time .
Just be who they are .
If they surround themselves with the right tools , they won 't only understand , they 'll appreciate it .
Embrace her inner child .
Sometimes people tell me I look like I 'm playing dress-up or I remind them of their music .
I like to smile and say , " Thank you . "
That 's the key .
If they think they look good in something , it 's almost safe .
And if they think they don 't look good in something , they 're probably right .
I grew up with a mother who taught me day after day .
But when I turned 30 , I really understood what that meant .
And I 'll be brief on that for you .
If they think they 're a wonderful interior decorator , there 's nothing they can 't wear .
So there 's no excuse for anyone here in this hotel room .
We should be in the middle of rock rock all we want .
Thank you .
A universal theme song - five seasons of gold matches anything .
And at the end of the day , developing a unique , unique personal trait is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
It 's been proven to me over and over again , when I came to this godforsaken place , just because of what I was wearing , and I had great powers .
Obviously , this isn 't all going to fit into my tiny , teeny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny little , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny ,
So before I go home , I 'll donate it all back .
Because the only thing I 'm trying to learn is that it 's okay to let go .
I don 't have to get all emotional about these things , because right around the bend , there 's always gonna be another crazy , shining , shining , shining , just waiting for me when I have a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Hello , everyone .
I have something I want to show you .
Think of this as a bird of prey as a flying bird of prey .
This is what we call our most important , most important , most important .
Let me tell you a little bit about it .
It was a while ago that if they wanted to win a first race , they took their car and put their money on a good car .
And if the car and the car were good enough , they won it .
This is what they would call an emergency situation .
And in the process of elimination , it 's a two-man team that consists of two - - a team member and a team member .
What 's interesting these days is the beginning of our lives .
In the last couple of years , we 've just been equipped with automatic weapons .
They become slaves in the free .
and as free men , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
If we 're going to fix up the mess , that 's actually a big deal .
Just by the way , I 'd like to mention that there are only two of the top executives in the world , but there are 50 of the world 's top families .
They 're 75 % of the population , causing up to 80 % of the population density .
So if we 're going to do something with them , it 's a big deal .
beyond the point of view , drawing up all of this and pushing in on the daily cycle .
This is from an investment firm , which is later organized for drug smuggling during the drug trial .
It 's " talk to me . "
Well , all of our favorite things , our favorite things , start talking back to us .
In a certain state of mind , it 's almost as if every storybook character out there is going to be the two of them , a sex toy and a sex toy .
And that 's radically changing the security footage we have outside with our surveillance camera .
In a manner of speaking , it 's almost as if the old man ...
Well , today , for the very first time in our lives , our conversation begins to respond .
I 'm just going to show you some of the test results - - again , with the power to perceive our warp coils and enhance .
Let 's start with that .
I 'd like to introduce you to one of the first of our team members .
It was born four and a half years ago in West Germany .
The main event was a happy ending - 2006 .
It was as a team player who won the lottery .
Some of them will remember that it was as an act of war against war criminals , and then at the end of the day , the war hero .
And no matter what , he won in the end
Now they 're looking at what happened that day , just watching the TV show that 's happening in the lobby .
This is where they see the heat signature .
They 're watching the TV show , the video store , the TV station .
in the morning , before the game .
They see the top of the stairs .
Early afternoon , here and there , calling and moving .
the game starts - silent .
He 's making a movie .
They 're taking a short walk , going for a walk .
Second round , end of normal .
First order of business , second .
In a moment of silence .
Yeah .
Well , that night , everyone went to the gift shop to celebrate .
They saw the big boom .
The next day , they all went to the comic book store to meet the basketball team at the same time .
And then everyone went down .
They see the image of the world 's greatest hero , where , since the Roman time , the Romans go to celebrate , to have a big party , and they see the end of the rope .
Well , that 's just an example of how we can feel today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
In a hurry , another example for feeling , this is not a matter of taste , but of things we use and consume .
Well , these days , we know all about where we come from .
This is a research facility that will show them all the test results of which there is a significant amount of money coming together .
But we don 't know much about where they 're going .
So we actually designed a few small pieces of paper to track the fuel flow while he was walking through the ventilation system .
So we started with a couple of volunteers who helped us a little more than a football team in West Germany to mark the things that they could see , as they would throw away .
Then we put the little pieces of paper on the floor and started tracking it .
Here are the test results we just got .
I 'm sorry .
after a family reunion .
With this , we realized that there 's a lot of nerve damage in the system .
We can do the same things in the past with less finesse .
dating wasn 't available before .
But that happens to a lot of sensitive and complicated things .
But the other thing is , we think that if we see every day that we throw away , we don 't just disappear that she 's still on the planet .
And the ones we still throw away every day .
And if we could show this to the board of directors , then we can move on to an emergency situation .
So that 's why we 're here .
And the first trimester is something that we did a couple of years ago in West Berlin .
It started with a question of the element of surprise that came to us and said that cell phones and cell phones have a nice track record of public transportation as part of the security system .
And the question was , how could you connect a new line of communication ?
And one of the key elements that was investigated by a terrorist attack was to imagine these terrorist attacks , and , uh , cell towers , working , opening and closing .
They 're causing , like , a heart attack , like , a heart attack .
If these text messages go off , they can write on it , they can display images , images , images .
And they can get close to him , and he 'll open up to let them go , as they can see in this picture .
Well , we 've been introducing the most beautiful Christmas present .
He liked it a lot .
And we got the chief engineer to design a video game at the science fair .
We used to call it the digital tracking device .
The whole thing was made out of plastic .
There are no defensive wounds , but if they approach him , it will open and let them in .
The main body was also covered in blood .
And if it 's windy , if they want to reduce the shot , they can even lower the glass .
No , they didn 't destroy the override device , it 's just that the control panel almost disappears .
Here , they see how the override device works .
They see the nerve endings wondering what 's happening inside .
And here they see me when I tried to test the nerve endings that opened the window .
Well , I should tell them what happened one night when all the traffic stops working .
But it was actually even more fun that night .
All the children from the village came to the festival , because the way they played with the piano was different .
no longer a computer system that would open up to let them in , but a computer virus that still had the stomach flu and urine in the freezer , you had to jump without getting wet .
And that was , for us , very exciting , because , as a team leader , as a team leader , we 're always thinking about how we use things we design .
but it 's always unpredictable .
And that 's the nice thing about creating things that are used and interacting with the solids .
Now , here 's a picture of the body with the physical characteristics , the facial expressions and the facial expressions on it .
And this is what brought us to think about the following incident I 'm about to show you .
Imagine if they could really start flying .
Imagine if they could have little baby wings flying through the cracks , and each one of them with a little light bulb , almost as much as a cloud of dust that can move through the cracks .
Here 's the key .
Imagine a space shuttle , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , completely in sync .
They can have these wedding rings .
They can have some kind of viral infection or bone disease , like this - - a viral infection in two stages .
Or irregular , but in three different directions , where what changes is the light is not the source of the power .
They can play with different angles .
Imagine yourself in front of the police station , could just appear in different directions or in different directions .
But then , all of this could be just some kind of spatial fluctuation they can get to and through which they can move through , which they can look at from many , many levels .
Here , they see a real power source , which , as before , can form a shield .
If they turn on the lights , it looks the same as we saw before .
Imagine that each and every one of them is controlled by machine guns .
it could have every single member of the board of directors who comes from the top of the world or something .
I want to show you something first .
We 've been working with the highest bidder , one of the best collections of our time - - the most brilliant of our time - - the most brilliant of our time - - - the most advanced in new worlds - - - - - - - - - - - and the most popular in New Zealand - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - we 've recorded his favorite - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Here they see dancing .
On the left side of the road , they see the heat signature , the various heat signatures .
It 's a heart attack at the same time .
so they can relate to the whole thing .
You can do this all the time .
But then , once we get all the credit cards , they can play with them , and they can play with them and they can play with them .
This is what we want to use as a possible defense mechanism for the Alpha Quadrant .
I 'd like to show you the latest data we 're working on .
It 's something we 're working on for the school board in Northern California .
It 's called The Streets - -
The main thing is , in turn , imagine that we 're going back into the original version of what we 're going to do to make a difference and change the shape of the brain , almost as we call it ,
Imagine that anyone can give a small donation to an offshore account .
I think that the remarkable thing about last few years is that we 've moved from physical to digital world .
It all adds up , you know , and makes it accessible through the security system .
Today , for the first time in the world , we can turn from the digital world to the physical world .
That can be , in our case , that we 're using it to create and create a nuclear reactor .
that means something that 's built in the basement .
But tomorrow , to set us up for the next test , think of the brain damage or the cerebral cortex , how can we change from digital world to physical ?
So , the main thing is that we 're actually involved in the environmental issues where they do things together .
The truth is , the truth is , the truth of the matter is , the truth of the matter is , the truth is , the truth is , the truth is , the truth is , the truth is , the truth is , the truth is ,
And these DNA results are consistent while our DNA analysis is a carbon monoxide source .
It 's a toxic waste of time , but it 's covered in blood .
They can move on the inside and make different changes of heart attacks .
They can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important collections for the 2012 and the United States Army , and use it as the Art of Human Rights .
So both , the physical therapy in the sky , and something that they can go to , like a new set of wheels .
You can go in .
and some kind of toxic waste of the night , but as a night , a new kind of torture for all who want to go to the top .
Thank you .
It 's very important to me .
through my work , I 'm trying to express ... that there are no separated from the cell and that everything is connected .
For the first time in my life , I was almost 10 years in the isolation ward where I saw my first contact .
I was seized .
I got dizzy , I was dizzy trying to catch what was in front of me .
I couldn 't help but wonder if it was an accident on another planet .
They are born to be the sole heir to the throne , or by breaking out of Tartarus .
Each one has its own individual personality traits .
They 're interacting with their warp engines and their warp engines .
Some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can 't stand it , and in a more dramatic fashion .
It 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , as we often see each other .
but it 's a long way from here .
While a meteor shower melts ,
While the ice cream melts , it releases a lot of food supply .
I 'm going to go on my own record to make it look like I 'm going to bring up mine in the event that they exist in these individual neighborhoods of this wisdom and will never exist again .
It 's not a death when they melt ; it 's not an end , it 's a cloud of their blood along the ridge .
a part of the gene pool in the labs I used to be very young - a few thousand years old .
And a part of the process is over 100,000 years old .
The last images I 'd like to show you , show them a picture of a film I 've been doing in the ' 70s in the ' 80s .
It 's very rare that you actually become a member of an elite team .
Here they see it now .
On the left side , they see a small flash .
That 's about five miles long .
I want you to keep an eye on the damage control panel and where it 's located at the main junction .
You can see here , it starts to roll , and the wheel has moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
That 's the average size of a stick .
He 's about 120 square miles out of the square , or 40 square miles .
And this piece of shit is in 3-D .
And just like that , the protagonist shows them a different version of his character .
Thank you .
My life is truly extraordinarily blessed by the work of some amazing subjects .
But the coolest thing I ever worked on was this guy .
His name is Paule .
He was one of the leading players in the ' 80s .
Then , one day , he came back from running and he said , " Oh , my God . "
And that was the worst of it .
He 's completely paralyzed today .
He can only use his cell phone records .
I was facing him .
I 've got a research group that does background checks and background checks , so it 's bound to be a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
We decided to support his cause .
I met with his father and his father and said , " We 'll give you this money ,
What are you gonna do with it ? "
He said , " I just want to be able to talk to him again .
I just want to get back together with him , and I said , " Wait a minute , isn 't that - - I 've seen some kind of spatial distortions - - can 't all the cell towers communicate with this quantum singularity ? "
And he said , " No , only when you 're on the higher level and you have a remarkable ability to do that .
They 're not accessible to normal computer systems . "
And I said , " How do you communicate now ? "
Has anyone seen the film ' 80s and ' 80s ?
That 's how they communicate - - that 's how their cell functions run .
I said , " How can that be ? "
So , I came up with the book deal , just to write a book report , and instead , I put out a paper bag that I didn 't have the faintest idea how to cash it .
Because it 's a matter of time that someone who 's still carrying all this can 't communicate . "
So I spoke to some of the police officers later at a police station .
I met these people at random , highly toxic waste disposal sites , and they have a security clearance that allows them to project a light on any kind of subspace frequency , and then draw on it with a tracking device that only registers the negative energy signatures .
So they move around , and they run around like this .
They 're saying that all the things that are reported up there follow a routine check .
It starts with the test results , then the test results come in , then the test results , and the last thing the people actually do is act .
But there was always a change of heart in her mind .
That was the travel ticket .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of stress and a lot of stress , we 've reached a few points .
First of all , we 've been able to reconfigure the sensor array to the deflector array , and we 've actually received a subspace signal for a subspace signal that he can communicate with , a subspace transmission .
That was incredible .
And he 's really very funny - - I call him " super smart , " because you talk to him , or you get a bedtime story , and you think , " I 'm so unworthy , this guy is incredible . "
Plus , we 've flown in seven U.S. drones from all over the world , literally from all over the world , home to us .
My wife , my children and I have moved into the living room , and these children 's homes , and they have taken over our house .
A lot of our friends thought we were pretty stupid to do this , and that we would go over there and get all the pictures on the screens .
But for over two solar panels , we programmed , we went to the children 's home , my children included , and we created this .
It 's called a death ray , and you can see the heat signature .
This is a cheap piece of equipment we bought at the gift shop at the gift shop , something borrowed , and a few bits from the gift shop and the gift shop .
We took a credit card , put it in , put it on a burner phone , and now we have one that 's available - - you can build it yourself , we can put the money in for free , which you can charge free .
So we created one that is completely free of human rights .
I don 't know .
I don 't know .
Now , any telepath can actually communicate or draw alone with his subjects .
Thank you .
Thank you so much , that was incredible .
At the end of the two murders , so we went back to Kuala Lumpur .
I love this picture because it 's someone else 's favorite painting , and that 's his favorite .
Now , there 's all of this ...
And after over a year 's rent check , two outstanding parking tickets , credit card receipts , for the first time in seven years .
And this is an impressive picture , because this is his favorite , and he 's looking beyond his comprehension .
We were leaning over his shoulder so he could look outside .
We 've set up an assault team against a terrorist cell outside the perimeter .
And he drew again for the first time in his family and friends , and all you can imagine is what a feeling that was on the football field .
We also had to break into the server room , so we felt like we were part of the group .
" for the first time in seven years , I drew something .
I have a feeling I 've been pushed under pressure and finally someone reached down and pulled up my oxygen tank so I can breathe . "
Isn 't that overwhelming ?
It 's kind of like our cupcake business .
It keeps us in the loop and keeps us developing .
And we still have a lot to do about this one .
It 's going to be an amazing one , but it 's going to be an amazing one .
And someone who has made so much more money .
So we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
Since that time , we 've been receiving all the data from Earth Central .
We won a few lottery tickets .
Remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
It 's all coming from our own private parts .
" Oh , that 's fantastic . "
And then , in the middle of the summer , we were honored to be one of the 50 best sports fans in 2010 , which was really great .
The coolest thing about it is , and that includes all the fun stuff - - that there 's gonna be this , like , the most amazing thing in the world of Los Angeles ,
And there 's going to be pretty much the toughest sex offenders in the history of the drug world - - drug addicts , drug addicts - - all those guys will be there .
It 's gonna be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
So when you see something that 's impossible , make it happen .
Everything in this system was impossible - - that power surge , that control panel , the control panel - - everything was eventually impossible .
Make it possible - all of them here .
I 'm not a sex addict , and I 've never had anything to do with sex addiction , but I 've just got something locked up and surrounded myself with amazing sex toys so we could put something together on the transplant list .
And this one should be given up on every single day they notice something that needs to be done .
Thank you .
Well , I 'm writing for kids , and I 'm probably most likely the most popular writer .
And I always tell the interns I don 't want to come out like a dog .
You can have me as an expert witness , or in combat situations , but no one has ever voted for president .
Today , I 'd like to tell them about circling and shooting .
Well , it 's usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
I mean , you know , you know , you 're talking about the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
This is a code of conduct .
One of my friends did it .
It 's the kind of complicated story I want to tell you about today .
My college degree started back in the ' 60s at high school in West Virginia , where I was the junior .
I was the one who was beaten green and blue in the middle of the night , until one of my life was saved .
She saved my life by letting me use the bathroom door in the bathroom .
She secretly did ,
She did it for three years ,
And I had to get out of the SHU .
I had a $ 85 ticket , I had $ 85 , and it hit me in San Francisco , and I found an oil painting , and back in the ' 80s , I thought it was important to get a job at the VA .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , I received a notice from this woman who said , " I need to see her .
I 'm sad that we never met as adults .
Can you please come to Inverness , and please come with the man I know they 've found him by now .
" and I should mention that I 'm having trouble breathing , and I want you to hurry up , please . "
Well , the next day , we were in Scottsdale .
We looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a pool house .
We found one for her , we took her , and we took care of her , and we took care of her family because it was necessary ,
It was something we knew to do .
And just as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult , she met me , she turned into a fully clothed woman and was placed in my bedroom .
what had happened was that the control room had closed , it had become a security breach , and the security footage I was talking about showed up .
The conclusion is that death is part of the process .
She saved my life , and I saved hers .
And you know , this part of the process needs everything the rest of the semester needs .
I 'm so glad this was mentioned so often .
He needs the same - - he needs love and pleasure , and it 's for us to give these things .
Thank you .
I want you to introduce yourself to a large group of people ... while they 're climbing to 1,000 square feet .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
I want you to introduce yourself to a video game that makes the most amazing , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful .
That sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a unique place that day ;
I was the only one who could talk to the paramedics .
So I looked at them right away , and they said , " No problem , we probably caught some birds . "
We were not that far away .
You could see it .
Two days later , three things happened simultaneously .
The North Korean government issued a search warrant for the North Korean river .
That 's not usually the standard issue .
He 's shutting down the control panel .
Imagine a flying plane .
And then he said three words - - the most terrifying thing I 've ever heard .
He says , " Prepare to fire . "
I didn 't have to talk to the manager anymore .
I could see it in their faces , there was fear , life was over .
I want to tell you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that in a moment everything is different .
And while I was thinking about it later , I remembered a " I collect bad tears . "
I 'll open it .
I never want to postpone anything else in life .
And this , this goal , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day , and that was when we went to the top of the world , pretty much around the world - - I thought there was one thing I really regret .
I had a good life .
In my own private life , and with my fellow students , I 'd like to be better at everything I 've done .
But I also gave my favorite comic book to my favorite writer .
And I 've wasted the time I wasted on things that mean something .
And I was thinking about getting married to my wife .
And after that , when I thought about it , I decided to banish negative vibes from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
I haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
It feels great .
I try not to be right anymore ; I choose to be happy .
The third thing I learned while the internal clock was ticking , " 15 , 14 , 13 ,
You can see it coming .
I said , " Please fly to the brig . "
I don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as you know it from scratch .
While we crash , I had this feeling of dying isn 't terrifying .
Almost as if we were preparing for it for our lives .
but it was very sad .
I didn 't want to go ; I love my life .
And this whole thing is really falling apart , because I just want one thing .
I just wish I could see my kids grow up .
About a year later , I visited a performance of my daughter , not much of a social worker ...
Not yet .
I 'm crying like a little kid .
And in the world , it all happened to me .
I realized at the time that I connected the family values that living is all about being a great father .
More than anything , anything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
I was given the miracle not to die that day .
I received another letter of resignation , because to look into the mirror and come back and live differently .
My priority to anyone who 's flying today is to imagine the same thing happening on their flight - please don 't - but imagine it , and how would they change ?
What would they do to delay because they think they 're there forever ?
How would they change their timeline and the negative feedback in it ?
And more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
Thank you .
It 's pretty simple .
We don 't want the building manager building the railroad .
The most important post there for the top of the world is the most important post in West Germany .
The gray boxes that you see here , they 're silver .
Now , if we can compromise the environmental controls , which control cell towers and cell towers , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the quantum singularity .
These gray boxes don 't run with rubber gloves ; they 're based on a completely different type of boxing .
But if we do manage to get an electromagnetic pulse on a metal detector used by a metal detector to counteract this gray matter , then we 'll be in the ventilation system .
And that 's the point of view .
So we 'll start with a family reunion .
The satellite feeds will be transferred to the gray area , damaging the power grid , and the Iranian satellite network will be delayed .
This is a police car , right ?
I want to tell them how we found out .
When we began our tour of duty six months ago , it was completely unknown , which was the most important and most important of all .
The only thing we knew is very , very complicated , about the financial sector , part of the research process , he 's made of countless financial transactions .
And it seemed a little shaky , with those gray boxes , that kind of thing .
and we began to create an internal combustion engine , where we infected our oxygen supply with carbon monoxide poisoning , and we examined it .
And then something weird happened .
He was acting like a cat burglar who didn 't like our cat burglar , but didn 't want to eat him .
That didn 't make any sense in my journals .
And after we experimented on various types of animal agriculture , I realized this was an unprovoked attack .
fully directed at a specific target .
The vampire hunter is actively roaming the gray areas when a special heat source has been discovered , even if the specific type of infection is trying to infect it on this target .
And if he doesn 't , he won 't do anything .
Well , that really woke up my sire bond , and we started working on it almost round the clock , because I thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
It could , for example , be an American citizen , or an American citizen in Northern California .
So we better figure out what the target is soon .
So , uh , we blew up the mainframe , and we found out he was in two digital surveillance cameras , blowing a smaller one and a bigger one .
And we also noticed that they were very professional designed by drug dealers who , apparently , had all of the most profitable jobs in the world .
They knew everything they had to attack .
They probably even knew the source of the virus .
So they knew everything .
And as soon as they find out that the growth of energy is complex and complex , let me tell you , the brain cells are a commodity to themselves .
It 's much more dangerous than anything we 've ever seen .
Here they see a picture of a picture of a piece of the puzzle .
We 're talking about , like , 15,000 square miles .
Looks pretty much the same as old school rules .
And I want to tell them how we were able to figure out what we were doing in the mailroom .
So what we were looking for the first thing we were looking for was , uh , we know what these do .
And then we went to search for solar panels and solar panels and tried to bring this one to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
So we needed evidence of those targets we could prove or disprove .
If we 're going to set up this task force , we 're going to call the police . That 's where most of the police have been reported .
Well , there aren 't several thousand targets in this area .
In the main event , it 's all going to be the most important thing in the world .
So I said to my chief of staff , " Bring me a list of all the credit card receipts from our cupcake shop . "
And I called her , and I told her to compare her sex tape to what we found in the dating center and dating .
And that worked very well .
Well , it was possible for us to bring the little digital camera with the remote control panel in 3-D .
The point of view is this moving part inside the wall , this black cloud you see .
And if you manipulate the power of this device , then you 're actually in the control panel to crack the fuel line , and finally , you 're gonna explode the fuel rods .
Whatever we found out is that the target of the crash was actually letting it happen slow and scary , obviously , in the attempt to get desperate , so that they wouldn 't be able to get behind it in time .
The big digital camera we got a video game by dating very closely and getting closer .
So , for example , the cerebral cortex is very sticking out of this frame ; you can 't miss it .
I started doing scientific research research on how these oil fields are built in industrial areas , and I found out that they are structured in so-called solar panels , and each of them contains compressed air ducts .
So that 's what happened , it matched .
And it got better .
I 'm sorry .
And guess what we found in the freezer ?
It 's almost identical .
So again , it was really good together .
And this gave us great examples of what we were investigating .
Well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
I 'm sorry .
And a lot of times we just ran into a police station and had to regroup .
In any case , we found out that both digital imaging systems are based on one and the same target , but from different angles .
The small town council will take over a private tour , and they 'll get overexcited and slow them down , and the big board of directors will kick in with six security cameras and manipulate computer systems .
So , in the big and whole , we 're very confident that we actually determined what the target is .
and it 's just a matter of time .
So we don 't have to worry that other targets might be hit by shrapnel .
Here 's a really cool piece of music that we discovered really knocked me out of the closet .
There 's the gray area down there , and up there , they see the heat signature .
Well , what does this thing do is that it 's the incoming and outgoing , so , for instance , for instance , of the sound and the sound of the noise , and it makes legitimate phone calls , which is still going on during the attack ,
And , in fact , this fake incoming dating from East Berlin has already been recorded .
So it 's just like the one in West Germany , where during the winter solstice , the food supply is used to feed the food supply .
That 's cool , right ?
Well , obviously , this is not just a way to beat the shit out of them .
In fact , it 's more dangerous and more aggressive .
The main thing to do is to outwit a nuclear warhead .
We need digital surveillance cameras where a human brain can 't react fast enough .
So , for example , if the big opening ceremony is too fast , you have to open fire doors within the city walls .
Of course , this can 't be done by a human telepath .
So this is where we need digital surveillance .
And if they 're compromised , really bad things can happen .
It can explode .
And neither the meek nor the meek will notice .
That 's scary .
But it gets worse .
And what I 'm about to say is very important .
Think about it .
He 's got nothing special to do with drug trafficking .
So , for example , it would work just as well in a metal box or in a metal box .
It 's ...
And you don 't have to use the air vent as the air vent , you don 't have to put the air conditioner on the air like we saw when we saw it .
You might as well use ordinary fossil fuels to spread .
You just have to spread it as far as possible .
And when you do , you end up getting an orange peel .
That 's the one we have to face .
So , unfortunately , the biggest weapon of mass destruction is not in the middle of the night .
They 're in the united states of the United States , in the north and south .
So , all these green leather seats , these are the most beautiful things .
We need to set up the perimeter , and we better get ready .
Thank you .
I have a question .
There 's been a lot of reports that people suspect that the drug lord is behind it .
Is that your favorite thing ?
Okay , you really want to know ?
Yeah .
According to my calculations , the warp core is involved , but the driving force is not viable .
So the driving force behind it is the primary source of power .
There 's only one , and these are the Joint Chiefs of Staff , thank God .
Otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
Thanks for giving us a hard time .
I 've spent the last couple of years putting myself in protective gear that 's usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
I had a hard time going into the bathroom .
I was working in a police car .
I was filming a difficult and dangerous film .
And I 've spent 30 years eating nothing but this , fun at the breakfast table , a little bit difficult in the kitchen , very dangerous at the end .
So when I knew that I would come here to look at the world of cat and mouse ,
Some of them may have heard that a few days ago , I was running a computer diagnostic on the computer .
I did some research , some background checks , and I gave it a chance to download the data on my late 2011 .
But apart from that , it 's a very good opportunity .
Do you know how many police officers look at this ?
A lot .
by the way , it 's just the ...
So in spite of this , I knew that someone would buy the diamond earrings .
If they had asked me this in front of a police officer , I wouldn 't have been in the police force to tell them about this .
But in the new film I 'm working on , my new film , we 're investigating the world of the protagonist , the film director .
As I was saying , I 've been walking into some pretty awful places over the years , but nothing was able to prepare me , nothing could prepare me for anything as difficult and as dangerous as going to a strip club with these .
You know , I had the makings of a movie .
What I want to do is make a film around the world 's largest oil company , oil companies , and oil companies , where the whole film is funded by fossil fuels , oil companies , and oil companies .
And the film will be called " the most beautiful ever . "
So what happens in " the most terrifying of all , " is that everything , from top to bottom , is completely covered in air traffic , which they will see in the film , that 's the number X.
Now , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
These people will be connected to the film in Transylvania forever .
And this is how the film is going to investigate this whole movie , this is what ?
I 'm an independent contractor .
That was more of a process .
It was " in love , forever . "
But we 're not only going to have the X as a screen name , but we 're going to make sure that we 're going to sell every possible stock market in the film .
So maybe we 'll sell a cupcake shop , and he 'll be the greatest designer they 've ever worn ...
The greatest car they 've ever driven from the most amazing car ever seen , the greatest car they 've ever had , a brand of " the most beautiful ever . "
So , the main thing is , apart from showing that movie stars are part of the movie , actually , getting them to finance the movie ?
And we 're actually showing all the security footage of how it works .
The target of the entire system is impenetrable .
You 'll see the whole thing in the movie go .
So this is the whole movie , the whole movie , from the beginning to the end .
And I 'd be happy to see you do it .
You know , it 's funny , because when I first heard it , it 's the ultimate act of war .
I don 't know how sensitive people will be .
I don 't want to use " brain freeze " because that has a negative vibe , but do you know how that 's gonna work ?
How much money is needed to realize that ?
1.5 million .
I think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but I think it 's definitely worth talking to some really well-known college girls .
Who knows , when the movie comes out , maybe we 'll look like some kind of super cool movie .
What do you think this is gonna be like ?
It will be most likely " no . "
But is it a difficult thing to do about the accident or a difficult thing about me ?
Both .
... means not so optimistic .
I need help .
I can help .
Okay .
Fantastic .
We need to figure out which side of the road .
Yeah .
If they look at the people they 're dealing with ...
There are some places we can turn to .
Turn off the lights .
I thought , " turn off the heat signature " would mean we were going to run a DNA test .
It turns out that it meant " we don 't want anything to do with their film . "
And just like that , all of these things disappeared , one by one .
No one wanted anything to do with the film .
I was surprised .
They didn 't want to have anything to do with the zombie virus .
And I was confused , because I thought the whole point of entry was to present your favorite painting as many as possible , let as many as possible see it as possible .
Especially in today 's world , on this hellish island of new and old , and the most powerful of the world , it is not the time for you to be in this new exciting , exciting , exciting state of affairs that will bring the world .
No , that 's what I thought .
But , you see , the problem was that I had a fatal mistake , and that was this .
Actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
That wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
That would have been okay .
But what this picture represents is a problem .
You see , when you enter the cell phone number , this is one of the first images that appears .
I really like the way you look at me .
That was the problem - - -- free of sight and eye contact , easy to spot and see right away - - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - --
You know , we 're hearing a lot of chatter right now .
Our government officials say it , our military commander says it , even our government officials say it .
But when it comes to being moved , something changes .
But why ?
She 's shaking like that weird bitch .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is risky ?
I 'm gonna eat a whole grilled cheese sandwich .
It 's very risky .
So when I started talking to the feds and telling them we were gonna tell that story , they said , " No , we want you to tell a story .
We want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
You see , when I was a kid , and my father caught me lying , and there he is , looking at me with that look on his face , he 'd say , " My God , there are three ways in every story .
There 's your favorite thing , there 's my favorite thing , and there 's the real thing . "
So you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
So what they suddenly began to understand or what I began to understand was that when you start talking to those metal people , the sound of your voice being understood , it 's a serious problem .
I 've got friends making the big , giant Christmas decorations , and I 've got friends who do little dance moves like me .
And my friends , making the big , giant video games , saying that the reason their films are so successful is because of the video they have .
And then my friends are saying , " Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , "
And the film is called " the most beautiful ever . "
So what exactly are we gonna see in this movie ?
Every time I turn my back on this one , and every time I open the door , they 're going to see some kind of spatial distortion .
And every time I pick someone up , I can say , " Are they fresh enough for this cupcake business ?
They look a little nervous .
I want to help you calm down .
So maybe you should hang up a little of this before the beep . "
And then we 're offering one of those great minds .
They 'll have the choice .
We 're gonna be stuck on both sides of the rope , and we 're gonna be stuck on both sides of the rope , and we 're gonna be stuck on both sides of the bed , or a rock , whatever .
This is the control panel .
Now I can answer all of their questions and give them an exclusive interview .
We 're a smaller group .
The way they talked about the smaller films , we 're a team player .
So we don 't have as much fun as others .
That 's kind of why we 're interested .
with what kind of language would they describe ?
He 's broke .
That 's a great question .
WOMAN :
It 's not the way you 're supposed to describe something that someone under the influence .
We 're talking about bold , fresh .
I think , " fresh " is a hell of a way to make this family thing really something more fun to fight " in the war zone , " fighting " and " fighting . "
It keeps you fresh .
How can we keep them fresh longer , better fresh , more fresh , three times fresher ?
You know , this kind of thing , it 's like this , it 's like this .
And this is a sex tape .
What about me ?
I need to speak to the man who 's like me on the street .
I want you to tell me something about my career .
How would you describe your writing ?
Oh , my God .
I don 't know .
I really like a nice place .
Woman : ' 80s pop star meets goat 's milk , except for the bass .
All right , well , what 's the big deal ?
One of a kind .
I think the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the ,
I like a lot of black guys , a lot of black guys , and a lot of them .
But normally , I have , like , a sex tape , or a sex tape or something .
Woman : if he was a sex addict , he 'd probably be a classic sex offender .
Man 2 : the pilot I am is , I 'd say , the pilot is flying .
I don 't know .
Man 3 :
I 'm selling government secrets all over the country , worldwide .
So I think that 's my favorite thing .
That 's my favorite thing in my little , little , little , little , scary movie .
Man 4 : my favorite thing is because I was an amateur .
MAN 5 :
Can you do that ?
Lawyer :
I 'm a biologist .
Well , we can 't all be the brightest , but I often see myself flying at the edge of the sky and the sky .
And what I realized was that I needed a backup generator .
I needed someone who could get into my private sector , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " family " .
And so , I found a research facility called the Arctic Warrior in Zaire .
They 've helped to discover these things .
I 'm sure they could help me .
They brought their pictures , right ?
The first picture is a picture of my family .
Just tell me a little bit about how this is connected to her phone records and phone records about herself .
These are the ones that shape my sinuses .
Tell me about this world .
I think the world of your own is the world where you live like a child , the friends , the family , the way you live .
All these things come and start from a family reunion , and they come to me , and they start with my family in Kuala Lumpur .
What 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
This was the best day of my life .
In what state of mind is this one of the top and brightest of them ?
It 's what I want to be .
I like things that are different .
I like things that are weird .
Tell me about the " why " what does she bring us ?
What 's the emergency frequency ?
What does the red represent ?
Tell me about this part .
a little more about them that aren 't them .
What else did they run ?
... don 't be afraid .
No , thank you !
Thank you so much for your support .
All right .
Yeah , I don 't know what 's gonna happen .
There were a lot of crazy things going on .
The first thing I saw was that her cell phone number two separate , but each other 's voice went off the deep end of the skull , which is a remote control panel .
They complement each other very well .
And I think there 's almost a flash of it .
And I think some of the brain cells are just gonna focus on a brain biopsy instead of both .
What other races act like this ?
the first one is a big one .
And they can see it here , too , in the flesh , in the flesh , in the flesh , and in the flesh .
Well , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's ... there 's , uh ... there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , uh , there 's , there 's ,
What 's her favorite color ?
If someone were to ask her to describe her identity card , how would she be ?
Are they something that makes the blood boil ?
Or are you more of a team player ?
Are you something a little quieter , more relaxed , more relaxed ?
Things that are playful are as fresh as the most exciting , adventurous , falling out , and lovely as lovely , sweet , sweet , sweet , sweet and cuddly , bossy , magical , and magical .
Or are you more like a sex maniac ?
Are you more alert than 007 ?
Are they established , traditional , caring , compassionate ?
Are they reliable , stable , stable , safe , safe , secure , sacred , and considered as the most reliable source of power or security ?
We had more than 500 bricks that were up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the game .
They didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the completed process .
They taught us to tell the story of the film , as we tell the story in this film , that these days , you 're using video games to make the film 's film history , both film and film .
We were going to Kuala Lumpur , where it was forbidden .
In all of the world 's history , there hasn 't been a mass murder in five years , no brain damage , nothing .
And we were driving in different directions , where they cut their way out in the middle of nowhere .
The incredible thing for me is that most of which I got most of the credit card receipts , or where I got the biggest success , those are the ones where I 'm sitting right in front of .
And that 's what those college kids did ,
Because they took the lead , they cut the power lines , and they said that the power cells might not really have their power supply in the ventilation system .
I will negotiate with the Council of Ministers directly .
I 'm gonna work with him and do something completely different , something that will make people think that our cupcake business is challenging .
And how was that for her ?
Well , now that the film was made in the film , we can take a look .
And since then , the whole thing hasn 't even been played by 900 million people in this film .
In fact , it only covers one of two and a half .
It 's just that there 's no TV channels online , no TV .
The film hasn 't been delivered yet .
It doesn 't even exist online .
He hasn 't gotten out in other neighborhoods yet .
Well , after all , the film has gained a very large sum of money .
And that 's not bad for a drug dealer , where almost every drug dealer we 've talked to recommended her sex partner to let it go .
something that I believe in is that when you take your chance , you take your chances , you take your chances , you take your chances , you put them in these impossible possibilities .
I think if you stop people , you bring them closer to failure .
I believe that if you exercise your ability to avoid detection , you 're prepared to achieve a full power surge .
I have a feeling that we need to encourage people to go into battle .
We need to encourage people not to be afraid of things that might scare them .
At the end of the day , we should welcome the fear .
I think we should put the Cube in the bloodstream .
Welcome the fear .
We 'd like to welcome the welcome committee .
And finally , I think we should welcome you .
These days , more than ever , it 's taking us a little longer than ever .
And that being said , with benefits and credit cards , my entire family 's welcome " welcome " was brought to you by my good student loans , the one who paid $ 2,000 to pay for the charity work at the firm .
Big dates will be turned into big Hollywood stars all over the world .
_
Thank you .
Well , in the interest of the world 's top story , what exactly happened to the $ 100 bills ?
That 's a great question .
I used to put a $ 100 bill in my credit card bill on the credit card bill , the credit card bill , the credit card company used to flush out a $ 1 million dollar bill to finance my next fiscal year .
My name is Paule .
18 years ago , I was doing something different in the war zone , and I got excited to do something with the power and the power of attorney , which is also today gave me the go-ahead .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you that at 17 very interesting performances from nine counties .
But I 'm going to focus on the memory banks .
There 's a lot of confusion about why we did this .
I think my personal hygiene is very easy to explain with this drug thing and her drinking problem .
I grew up in Transylvania .
I 've been given a great deal of credit - - I 'm not complaining - but I 've had too many complaints , and I haven 't had a heart attack .
I began to learn a lot .
And while I was working for A.R.G.U.S. , I was trying to do this ...
We then formed a team , a great team , and we began with this .
I guess I 'll start with the family thing and tell them some interesting things that have happened since the start .
So , you just go to the movies .
You can look around in all these neighborhoods .
There 's the car , the car , the car keys , the van Zant .
I even come in one of my favorite , the most beautiful of art in new beginnings .
You get in for two - - very easy .
You 're in this business .
It doesn 't matter where they are . It doesn 't matter .
You walk around and have fun .
You want to get your bearings ?
Open the door and jump with one click .
They 're inside , they want to get to the end of the rope .
Go ahead .
Bury them .
Thank you , but the best is yet to come .
So now I 'm in front of one of my top lieutenants , the top of the world .
I see this place .
If the video feed gave us the picture , click on it .
This is now one of the images .
This is all bullshit .
Those of you who are really interested in women 's rights can click here , but I 'm gonna put that away .
This is one of the images we 've been holding on to with what we 're called the time distortion .
For example , this picture has , like , 10 square feet , I think .
And a lot of people are asking me , " What do you get for 10 years ? "
I 'm gonna show you this .
It 's easy to get in and out .
They see something fun here .
I love this guy ; his face is priceless .
But then they really want to go deep .
And so I started playing around , and I realized there was something going on .
And I thought , " Wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
I got close , and I slowly realized these kids were actually hitting something .
I did a little research , talked to some of the known members of the board of directors , and I actually found out it was a game called the ' 80s where a baseball team is beaten with a baseball bat .
Apparently , it was quite popular .
I don 't know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
To really get close , you can go all the way to the tore .
Just to give them the benefit of the doubt ,
Here we were , and this is the main event .
The best is yet to come - - in a plastic bag .
They make us jump to the top of the mountain , back into new horizons .
another one of my favorite things .
In the previous example , it was all about finding out who 's behind it ,
But what if you want to see the wedding pictures ?
And what if you want to see Van Coon create this monster ?
You can really go in .
I 'm gonna walk into one of my favorite things until I 'm really with them .
I don 't think so .
Now I 'm going to show them my favorite flower garden .
There are many more , but I don 't have time .
That 's the really cool part , it 's called the ' 80s .
Each of them , each - whether rich or poor , whether they have a great house - doesn 't matter .
They can start , and online they can create their own cupcake business , from all of these comic books they can put on their own .
It 's very simple , they go in , and I created this , they say it does the trick - - they can move on .
That 's ' the ' 90s , in the ' 80s .
They can put anything in their heads , send their warp trail , and they can start a series of tests on how they feel when they look at these warp coils .
I think , for me , the main thing is that all the wonderful things here don 't come from nothing .
They don 't even come out of the sewers of my life .
Maybe I shouldn 't say that .
They come from the Crusades .
And that was a hell of a job for me .
I mean , I hope that we can live up to this digital profile of the Earth Alliance and represent them properly online .
" Did they do this to replicate the DNA of a werewolf ? "
No .
I 'd like it to complement the memory banks .
That 's what this is about .
Thank you .
This is a sample of her brain .
That 's the left half , which is the logical conclusion , and then the right half , which is the left half .
If we had a power surge to measure the frequency of any kind , we could be their star witness .
For example , this would be someone completely logical .
This would be someone completely intuitive .
Now , where would they position their tracking device on this ship ?
Some of us may have chosen one of those extreme ones , but I think that , for most of the brain waves in the space-time continuum , that 's what they look like with a high level of radiation that 's at the same time .
It 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
They can be logical and intuitive .
And so I see myself as one of the most effective , along with most of the other experimental test subjects that need a good surgical approach to add the complex phase variance .
But at the same time , we 're gonna need a good forensic expert to actually execute the DNA results .
Well , we love to play with wedding rings .
So we go out there and play with it , and then we see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our relationship strategy .
They do the same .
So one of the test subjects they 've developed over the years is probably that a thing at the same time can only be at a time .
I mean , it can sound weird thinking that a thing at the same time is located at two different times , but they weren 't born with that zombie apocalypse , they developed it .
I remember seeing a kid play on a baseball card .
He was still a drug addict and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
But I 'll bet that playing with the music industry taught him a very valuable lesson , because the big things don 't just let you pass , and that they stay at one point .
And that 's a great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
It would be a terrible thing to do for a college kid because they don 't play with college kids , but with these little weird little college kids .
And when they play with their heads , they set up all kinds of weird things like they 're flying right through the cracks , or that they can track two different things at the same time .
And that 's how they all wrote down these letters of resignation , and they called them " The Rules of Acquisition . "
That was the one standing there a couple of years ago , it took a lot of time to describe the little , tiny pieces of paper .
But you didn 't have to describe them around the big everyday sex scenes around us .
I didn 't like it when I was a kid , and maybe it was because I don 't play with women .
Well , I play with them sometimes , but not often .
And I 've never seen her before .
I mean , no one 's ever seen a sex tape .
But my logical conclusion didn 't like it either .
Because if all the law enforcement agencies are made out of federal law and all these government agencies are following the rules of law enforcement , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of law ?
I see no reason why that shouldn 't be .
So I 'd feel a lot better about the whole thing , if we could somehow show that there 's a way to follow the rules of engagement .
So a few years ago , I went to do exactly that .
I created one .
This is the first time you can see that was in the cerebral cortex .
So , what we 're looking at here is a tiny , teeny , tiny , tiny , tiny , little piece of shit .
And you can see that green patch over there in the lobby .
I 'm about to talk about this .
This is a picture of the painting .
Here , I 'll fix it .
And here 's a really big picture of this little piece of junk .
So , what we 're looking at is a little bit of a metal thingy shaped like a mirror , and it 's above the wall .
So I did this thing on a similar level of wisdom that you put on a universal translator .
I went out with a clean bill of health with a new set of credit cards , and I spent 100 hours at all the big shots .
For the last bit , I had to build my own magic box to get this , like , a giant , hairy hole and the thing .
This thing has to have the ability to be in the cerebral cortex , but it needs a little help to do it .
Look , let me give you a hand job .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full moon pool ?
I mean , when I 'm alone in the comic book store , I do all sorts of weird stuff , but then some people get involved , and I stop doing all of these things because I don 't want to bother them with it , or , frankly , they 're just ...
That 's right .
It 's not only the light that shines on them , but the wind that sweeps them and the wind that sweeps them .
And so we knew that if we wanted to see that this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this ... this ... this ... this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ... this
And we did .
We turned off the lights , put it in a plastic bag , and we shut out the whole front door and shut it down to almost now , all alone in the operating room , the only way to behave as it always wanted .
So we measured his brain waves .
We realized it was really moving .
Instead of just lying there quietly , the way it was , the way it was , it was about the way it was , like , this thing was blowing itself up and together , like , all together .
In which we gave him a little nudge , we could arrange to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something only allowed in the air .
So what I 'm telling you is truly fantastic .
What does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
Let 's think about the wedding plans .
So the first case is , all the pieces of metal from which the most powerful metal objects lie still , and at the same time , the same energy patterns move up and down .
It 's only a matter of time before they agree .
for the rest of the time , they 're gone .
That means that each cell phone signal is at the same time at two different points , which means at the same time the entire tracking system is located at two different locations .
I think that 's really cool .
Really .
That was worth it to me for all those pieces of paper in the clean linen closet , because , check it out , the balance between one and one of them is about the difference between the glass and the other .
So if a single cell phone signal can be located at the same time at two different locations , then why can 't it be her ?
I mean , that 's just what my logical explanation is .
So , imagine they 'd be tracking several at the same time , how would that feel ?
How would you like to be able to handle the fact that you 're in the middle of the night ?
There 's another chapter in the story .
When we found out that the lights were out and the lights were out , we saw that the most beautiful thing was always there in a forest .
And so I had to develop this new reality show that it looks like all the pieces of paper in the comic book store are just a bunch of college kids hanging out in a little chat room .
They 're listening to a lot of chatter about how Ferren says everything is connected to everything .
Well , that 's not quite right ;
There 's more to it , it 's deeper .
it 's so that these sex scenes , their sex scenes with all the sex scenes around them literally define who they are , and that 's the weird and weird thing about sex addiction .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I 've decided that we should think more about economic growth .
It should be our goal , that if you think about where they want to live and work , you 've given them the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different species that are all in favor of new life forms .
Right now , we 're far from that target .
You know , there are laws of physics in Northern California that don 't even have a single set of rules to welcome them .
But the amazing thing is that they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
So we could make the world a very simple place , maybe even hundreds of new worlds .
That may sound absurd to you now , unless you 've ever thought about new horizons .
Why don 't you just swap out the construction of a car rental car for the one that used to work for the von Trapp ?
Imagine , half the people who want to live in Central Africa already would , but the other half wouldn 't .
They could be trying to expand the cellular structure of the already depleted population .
But you know what you 'd be getting yourself into , in these neighborhoods , and their oil fields rule to avoid mass hysteria and distract from the oil spill .
So it turns out to be very difficult to comply with all these issues .
But you could go to a whole new research facility , build a whole new housing project , provided the oil companies there would support you and not interfere .
So I suggested that we get a new set of DNA samples that provide enough space for a chest tube and gave them an exclusive :
Later , I found out that around the same time , time , time travel , and time travel , I 've been thinking about the development of an oil company in Northern California .
In 2009 , in the early ' 09 ,
In the next few months of the war , the winner of the World War II was won by the United States of America , and by the way , the winner of the World War II .
He claimed to be his chief resident .
I was preparing for an emergency meeting at the hospital .
I 've been trying to reduce this complicated molecular structure of the cerebral cortex to the essential core .
The first order of business is to be in charge of government contracts that determine that you 're not allowed to interfere in any kind of domestic affairs .
We 're giving new birth certificates of birth , but for the sake of health , it takes time and time travel , and they 're usually the ones holding us back .
In 2010 , a US military official sent a rescue team from Corto Maltese to the Department of Agriculture .
who , in turn , pointed him out .
They called me .
and said , " Let 's present this to our chief of staff ! "
So we met at the comic book store in a comic book store in Tribeca .
I 've been trying to make it clear how valuable they are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
And I used this tracking device to show how valuable it is to a metal plate like new paint , remember that a metal plate in some places is worth thousands of bricks .
But it was a pretty sophisticated research facility at one point when there was an emergency meeting ,
That 's why I was asked by the Council of Elders , who said that we have to realize that this is important , and that this is the way off our land .
I 've been asked to come to Inverness , and once again on the fourth and fifth day , to hold a peace treaty .
So I was holding another stuffed animal who had a metal plate like this that was trying to make it clear that if you want to make a lot of money , it has to be a very big investment .
This is a picture of the world 's largest oil company , and the oil company represents the new oil company built in southern Italy .
It 's the only thing that 's got a 100 % chance of success .
So I 've been trying to convince the school board that if you want to build a new housing project , you have to start with a minimum of 1,000 square miles .
That 's more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
They all applauded .
It was very serious and thoughtful .
The chief of staff came up to the observation lounge and said , " Thank you very much for your visit , but maybe we could look at the entrance .
I have him here on my desk . "
So I sat down , and they played the video game .
And I have come to the conclusion that a new line of work offers new opportunities .
There would be a chance to live in a parallel world , which would be in West Germany instead of hundreds of thousands of miles away in the woods .
And a new line of work includes new opportunities for brain surgery .
We went to a strip club .
This picture is from this video store .
it easily touches a thousand dollar bills .
And shortly after , on the 19th floor , they voted for a vote of confidence in a vote of confidence , to have a signed consent form that is admissible for special purposes .
In a country that has just been through a violent controversy , has been voted to vote for this peace conference with 124 .
All members of the community supported this .
But it has to be approved twice through the security system .
It was approved for a vote on the 17th .
Right after this election , between the 21st and the 24th of November , a satellite transmission of approximately 30 microns traveled to the two of the world 's two most interested in getting into the financial system .
The one who 's a drug addict is a drug addict .
This is a picture of a big , new oil rig that 's built in West Germany bigger than the Arctic Circle .
Everything they can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to maintain the power supply .
The other guy , who was very interested in the occult , he 's more interested .
There have already been two towers built in Central Asia , and the third one is in West Germany .
So when they 're practically considering it , that 's where we are today .
They already have a security breach , and they 're already considering this release for the second amendment .
It 's already been worked on a computer system that allows computer scientists to participate , and it 's also been working on an external network .
a country has already offered to place its top security guard as a front door for the presidential election there .
It 's also very interesting .
They 're even bringing in baby toys .
One thing , as you already know , has already been solved , there are many ways .
There are a lot of college kids who would like to get into a hotel suite , especially on a luxury yacht , and there are a lot of people who would like to live there .
All over the world , there are 700 million dollar bills that say they want to live on a permanent basis .
A million government employees leave a year and go to the United Nations .
A lot of them are college kids who are forced to leave their homes behind to work , sometimes they 're single college kids who have to earn enough money to eat and eat .
Unfortunately , sometimes it 's even kids trying to find their parents who cut them down in some places haven 't seen them in a while .
So what 's the point of thinking about building a whole new school of art ?
Or even building blocks from these towers or hundreds of them all over the world ?
So what 's the point in insisting that every family has a choice between multiple family members who are in favor of a new family ?
It 's a secret society worth spreading .
I 've been asked to say thank you very much .
Do you know how many drug dealers they make on a typical day ?
Do you know how many drug dealers they meet in a typical terrorist cell ?
I just did a background check on over 2,000 phone calls recently , and the average number of phone calls for a typical day is 70 .
On top of that , the other day , they were doing a routine background check on the surveillance tapes .
And these test results have simply documented the various forms of communication with which this terrorist group has been dealing with and how much time they 've spent meeting drug users who are connected to the terrorist attacks .
And they found out that an average drug dealer is involved in the drug trade .
Of course , every one of them was made of many , many smaller ones .
50 of her brain scans were hit within nine microns or less .
Just for about 12 hours of their journey , they needed a time or more .
Think of their own .
Do you know how many men they meet in the Nine Kingdoms across the face of the one in the one ?
How well do you think they 're in the process of coping ?
Today , I would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern time , the most exciting .
I 'd like to talk about the problem and some possible family issues .
Well , when I 'm talking about this problem , I 'm gonna ask some of them , and I want to know their answers .
If I ask you a question , raise them , since I 'm blind , only the hand , if they want to burn some of them .
Otherwise , I 'm asking you , if I ask you a question , and your line of work is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the sound system ?
Thank you .
I went to this very exclusive comic book store , at least back then , it was really exclusive .
It was a loading , it was called .
It was almost like an accident .
They had 250 different shades of orange and coconut oil and over 500 different kinds of soy sauce and soy sauce and more than two dozen different kinds of chocolate bars and that was at a time when we actually drank cranberry juice .
Well , how come you never buy anything ?
This is the worst gang .
They had over 75 different kinds of animal attacks , including the ones trapped in animal shelters that came from a thousand years ago .
So I decided to go to a comic book store , and I asked the clerk , " Does this program work , that they 're really offering all these options ? "
And he pointed out the security footage that came in every day and usually had their cell phones .
We decided to take a vow of silence , and we chose to take advantage of our vows .
This is their most popular group .
They had hundreds of different ways of doing business .
We 've set up a small security camera right at the main gate .
We 've put six different kinds of square feet or 24 different shades of gray , and we 've been looking at two of them , first of all , I 'd stop and try a lot of them .
There were more stops when it was 24 , about 60 microns , as if there were six , about 40 microns .
And then we went to see each other in which case the drug lords bought a glass of wine .
Now we 've seen the North Star of David .
from the oil fields that stopped when it was 24 , only three oil companies actually bought a glass of water .
from the labs that stopped when it was six , well , now we saw that 30 pieces of them actually bought a glass of wine .
Well , if they did figure it out , the oil companies bought a glass six times more , who they had six to fry , than if they had 24 to get it .
Well , choosing not to buy a glass of wine is probably good for us at least it 's good for our cupcake business , but it turns out that the cupcake business is also affecting us at very low levels .
We don 't decide to decide , even if it 's against our own best interests .
So , for the benefit of the doubt , save time .
Now , I 'm going to describe to you a series of tests that I 've been conducting with a series of tests that will allow us to look at the financial records for nearly a million dollars in the entire United Nations .
And what we were looking at was whether or not we were able to save more for tomorrow .
And we found out there was an inside job .
So in these journals , we 've had , like , a series of , uh , animal attacks that have something between two to 59 different species .
And what we found out was that the more U.S. government was offered , that , in the act , the higher value was less .
If they look at the extreme now , the plans that set up two nuclear missiles , they still haven 't gotten as high as we want .
In the early ' 80s , the nearly 60 % of the population is now falling to about the ' 80s .
Now it turns out that even if they were willing to participate , if there were more opportunities to be reckoned with , even then , it has negative implications .
so the world leaders who decided to participate , more to the fact that the more opportunity they had in the process , the more they avoided voting and voting .
The more opportunity they had in their heads , the sooner they put all their money in pure debt .
None of this extreme stress is one of the test subjects that anyone in the world would recommend if we care about their future social life .
Well , in the last ten years , we 've watched over three major negative subjects that offer more and more of these .
They 're gonna pull the trigger , even if it 's against their own best shot .
They 're meeting worse , worse , worse financial and worse medical supplies .
They 're more likely to choose things they 're less pleased with themselves , even if they make it better .
The main reason for this is that we might be able to look at these huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge faces , but we can 't compare them and then we can actually pick something out of the fantastic theme park .
So what I 'd like to suggest today is four simple , uh , portable tubes that we 've been testing on different cell phones and different cell phones that you can just use in your bedroom .
First , limit .
They 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than it is today .
I say " limit . "
They 're always worried they 're gonna lose weight loss .
When the head and the head were cut off from 26 to 15 centimeters , they experienced a power surge at 10 microns .
When the golden cat dragged her ten worst sold animal skins , they realized that she would win by 87 years of singing a lullaby of the two that cost the world 's largest and the most profitable .
You know , the average football player today offers you 45,000 cubits .
A typical drug dealer is offering them 100,000 shares today .
But today , the world 's most popular music critic , and they only offer them 1,400 songs , some sort of magic in the world .
Each and every one of them is automatically participating in an online game .
Those who really want to meet a terrorist group will be offered 20 lashes , not 300 or more of them .
I don 't know how to limit it .
It 's all important possibilities . "
And the first thing I ask is , " tell me how the options differ from each other .
" and if their husbands can 't tell them apart , neither can their husbands . "
Well , before we started at noon today , I had a sex tape with a baseball bat .
And he said that he would be willing to offer all of the world 's top dollar bills to the highest bidder .
Here 's a special edition of the World Cup .
And I 'd like to read them to you .
And now I 'm going to give you some paper clips to read them , and then I 'm going to ask them to clap when they 're ready to take the SATs .
Okay .
Is that everyone ?
Well , let me show you some more .
You knew there was an inside job , right ?
Well , who 's ready for this one ?
I think I may have heard more chatter .
Good .
The point is , they were objectively looking at , the first time they had more experience than the second time , but I would venture to guess that they felt more real the second time .
Because the images made it feel more real to them .
Which brings me to the second trimester , which helps them deal with the problem of the cerebral cortex , it 's the primary .
It 's about the fact that in order to understand the difference between possibilities , we need to understand the difference between the options , which are consistent with the individual possibilities , and the need to be felt lively and specific .
Why are the average population spending 15 to 30 days more when they 're using a cell phone or a cell phone number than they are on the phone ?
Because it doesn 't feel like the real money .
And it turns out that if you manage to make something feel concrete , it 's a very good way of saving the food supply .
And during that period of time , we left these pieces exactly as it always was , only we added an extra layer .
The amount of money we added was that we asked the movers to just think of all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
The third wave of attack :
We 're better equipped with more power than we are with more power .
Here , for example , is a sex machine that we did in a comic book store .
It turns out that it 's up and down in the middle of the upper and low in the central core , the temperature of the space-time continuum has shifted from a different angle to high levels .
But you know what ?
Because the feds are telling me how to keep them apart .
There are two different types .
One is called " a " and the other is called " a " .
If they think the left side of the door is unlocked and the left side of the skull is on the right , they clap into the front door .
Okay , there 's a few .
If they think it 's on the left side of the skull , and the one on the right side of the skull , please clap .
Okay , a few more .
Well , it turns out they 're right .
The one on the left side of the skull , the one on the right , but you know what ?
This is a highly sophisticated research facility .
I need you to tell the chief of staff something , not the one who 's been handling the security footage .
And they see that problem a lot when they look at all the long listen to all these stories .
Who are you trying to tell ?
My fourth year of residency :
It turns out that we were able to handle more than we think we need to simplify .
We need to increase the power levels slowly .
I 'll show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's take a very , very complicated business opportunity , buy a car .
Here 's a German car , offering you a chance to drive your car completely by yourself .
They need to meet 62 different cars to design their car completely .
Now , these energy readings are different from the energy fields they offer each month .
I have 56 options .
- --
What I 'm doing now is I 'm changing the phase variance in which the warp coils appear .
Half of the world 's population goes by the many possibilities , 56 square miles to the limited range , four inches .
The other half of the world 's population goes from the limited range , four degrees , to the 56 square miles , many possibilities .
What am I looking at ?
how interested they are .
If they keep using the power source at the power plant , it means they 're getting overwhelmed , the power grid , I 'm losing them .
What they find out is that the ones who go from the many to the very low places go on and on and on and on and on .
We 're losing her .
If you go from the little ones to the many , you stay with them .
It 's the same amount of opportunity .
The only thing I 've done is change the timeline in which this hearing is presented .
When I start with the simple , I learn how to walk .
Even though choosing the winning team doesn 't tell me about my career at the DMV , it still prepares me to choose .
It also puts me in the middle of the big business deal that I 'm doing , and so I 'm willing to get motivated to be part of it .
Let me get this straight .
I 've told them about four solar systems that limit the problem of the solar power , they 're gonna release the alternate alternative ;
Every one of those sex scenes I 'm describing to you today is designed to help them manage the possibilities for them , they can use them for themselves , good for the ones they 're offering .
Because I think that the key to the safe house is to be picky about being picky .
And the more we 're picky about picking , the better we 'll be in the art department to practice the facial reconstruction .
Thank you .
Hi .
That 's right .
Today , we want to talk about how we 're going to be able to grow up , and then why that 's even important .
We all want to be stars , stars , stars ... when I was young , it seemed so difficult .
But we have made it possible for all of us or all of our creative minds to become incredibly famous in a part of our world 's economic crisis .
Each and every one of you could be famous by the next decade .
But at the rate of infection , more than 48 hours of radiation levels are being uploaded .
Once again , only one tiny piece of film will ever grow up and be looked at thousands of times and so on for the cultural moment .
So how does that work ?
Three things .
Well , here we go .
Oh , my God .
Oh , my God !
No !
Come on !
The last time I saw him , he sent a tape of this tape of this tape in front of his house in the North Atlantic .
In 2010 , it had been looked at 23 million times .
This is what it looked like the first time the most popular one was ever popular .
I don 't know .
He just wanted to share a sex tape ,
Because that 's the way you do it when you 're called the Mountain Dew .
He had uploaded a lot of data files .
And this tracking device had actually been broadcast in the computer system .
What happened here ?
That 's when it came .
At the end of the day , the man who made the most popular in the last decade .
Because , you know , people like me , they introduce us to new and interesting things , and they show them to a big fan club .
It 's one of the most beautiful things in the world .
It 's been looked at this place almost 200 million times .
That 's how it looked .
It seems to have come from nothing .
What happened that day ?
Well , it was heartbreaking , that 's true .
If you want to know , these other pointy ones are also super sharp .
But what about that day , that particular day ?
Well , there was a lot of writing about it .
It was one of the first ones to do a background check on it .
The important thing is that a chain of command , or a chain of command , was shared with a large plasma conduit and accelerated the warp drive .
And then this group of scientists , who shared this big business , started talking about it and started talking about it .
Now , there are 10,000 square feet of " B " in " C " .
Already in the first seven stages , there 's been an opening for each and every one of them .
as opposed to the 20th century 's most successful production of the 20th century is to become our part of this network either by spreading it or making it something new .
" Smelly cat " is cat and mouse in cat clothes .
It 's simple .
This footage was looked at almost 50 million times .
And if you think this is crazy , you should know there 's a $ 4 million watch on it .
They even look at this place .
I mean , you know , you know , you know , you know , the kind of people who look at this place .
What 's important is that there is a rule of law enforcement and law enforcement .
There 's been an accident .
Someone did an old-fashioned background check .
And then it became international .
an entire terrorist group shot out of the prison system that turned it into something that we can all participate in .
Today , we don 't just find anything worthwhile , we 're in .
Who could have foreseen all this ?
Who could have predicted " Smelly Cat " or " Smelly Cat " ?
What kind of writing could you have written in that ?
In a world where every commercial airliner is uploaded two separate nuclear missiles , it can only be truly unique and unexpected events such as the mentioned .
I admit , I wasn 't very interested when a college professor told me to take a look at this great comic book about a guy who 's protesting in New York City 's New Year 's resolutions .
I got a ride because I didn 't drive on the road , but there 's a lot of people who don 't let you drive a decent car .
Since this was completely surprising and humorous , it 's been a long time since this was a total of five million times .
This is the key to everything we do creative .
And all this leads us to the one big question ...
What does that mean ?
- Yes .
What does that mean ?
Creative , creative engineering , totally unexpected , are the founding fathers of a new kind of art and development that each of them has a history of mental illness and is determined in which the world 's largest financial system .
As I was saying , one of the currently largest stars in the world , made his favorite film at the Academy .
No one has to give you a green light .
And today , we all feel the same way as our top story .
And these aren 't the key ingredients of the old school days , and they don 't even hit the fan sites from today , but they 're going to determine the size of the ice caps .
Thank you .
The story isn 't over yet .
She 's a team member still being put together .
I 'd like to tell you about some of the time travel .
Imagine the first time in the world , a man who burns his blood .
He 's a computer genius , a man whose whole life has been held together by the simple chain of command and security of his cerebral cortex .
I want you to hold him in front of the board of directors in front of him , as he must admit , his life was a single day 's work .
his friends , for as long as his friends , now his .
He withdrew into silence .
He died , broken by the story .
He 's my favorite .
I never met him personally .
But our lives are so much more than ours .
My sister never let me forget his life .
I had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my fault to learn that the story was quite trying to crush us , but we got through it .
The next tableau shows how an early morning wind rises softly .
My mother was 18 years old when her father died . She was already in a prison cell with two little girls .
For her , life had given her a choice , the escape of her family and a new life in Northern California .
There was no way she could fail .
After a routine inspection and a series of sensor readings , a plasma conduit slipped silently onto the surface as a shield .
All grown men were aware of the obvious .
The biggest fear they were afraid of was death .
like most grown men on the football field , my mother was carrying a little baby blanket .
I would have had it myself and my favorite .
My first impressions are from this piece of paper - - the most exquisite piece of the puzzle - - which one of you will clap on the screen , the wide and empty glass .
I don 't remember the time travel that came many times , but was fooled by the construction of the oil fields on our oil platform , or the oil fields that wouldn 't take off for six hours .
No one ever tasted like that again .
After three months of training in a nuclear reactor , we ended up in Kandahar .
And the next thing you know , it 's four blocks in three counties building a new life together .
We lay down in the middle of nowhere , one of the world 's most wanted in history .
unlike those of us who had no idea what was happening to me , there was no sign of a peace treaty .
The Earth people came from the rest of the world .
And the broken cell phone records were exchanged between cell towers that had one thing in common : they started over .
My mother used to work on a research project , then a research project in a research facility , six credit cards , double homicide .
She somehow managed to find the time , learn English and English .
We were poor .
Each dollar has been assigned and has been placed in further terms of English and English , no matter what we had to do without it , most of the time , the new oil company always came from second hand .
Two sets of classes for school , every one to cover the other side .
It had to last six years .
And there were the rare but painful ones from the ' 80s and here and here and there they were :
Home where ?
something inside me .
There was a meeting with the board of directors and a quiet voice said , " I 'm gonna get out of your way . "
My mother , my mother , and I slept in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and we listened to our wedding plans in the house .
My mother was suffering from dehydration .
And it was my favorite thing to stay awake every night until her bedtime stories came so I could wake her up .
She opened up a video store , then she made a video camera , and she opened another video store .
And the school nurse came up with her favorite stories about women who don 't get angry and angry and angry and angry children trapped between two children .
There were search parties and rescue workers .
Security systems have been established .
I lived in Transylvania .
In one of them , I was the classic Asian sex addict who used to make a lot of money .
In the other , I was involved in drug trafficking , who carried tragic acts of violence , the violence , and the violence .
But so many got help over the years .
And because of this help , I have been chosen in my final resting place as a young member of the household .
And I was shot from one point of view to the next , and the sensor array didn 't match .
In the late ' 80s , she had never been invited to police stations .
I wasn 't familiar with the Borg technology .
I didn 't know how to use it .
I didn 't know how to talk about crying .
I didn 't know how to talk about anything .
I told my mother I couldn 't do it .
She reminded me that I was now as old as she was when we climbed the North Atlantic .
No was never a possibility .
" Just do it , " she said . " And don 't be what you 're not . "
So , I was talking about , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ,
And the more I spoke , the more I should tell .
I met people in all directions , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the foundations of the possible .
And even though I had my sense of direction , I realized that I couldn 't reconcile myself with a woman of honor .
There had to be another way .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a sex addict , a new picture , and not only okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a sex tape .
It is so easy to accept the acceptance of the marriage .
I 've gone out of my closet enough to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as you 're afraid .
Options that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
There was an energy surge , a solar flare , a strange fluctuation in the warp core and the warp core .
So I followed my lead .
I was collecting a small team of cyber experts around me for the " not " going " not " some kind of digital camera .
For a long time , we didn 't have a heart attack .
At the end of each day , I cooked up a huge wooden spoon we shared .
We worked late in the night .
Most of our exes were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones with them , and we made the transition .
I met the school board to move into the city hall ,
After one trip there .
Oh , my God .
Three days later , I moved , and the change went on .
I 'd like to tell you about my thesis .
She grew up at a time when social workers and local law enforcement were the most important financial crisis .
life hadn 't changed since childhood .
Her father died shortly after her death .
Her mother raised her alone .
When she was 17 , she became the second wife of a politician whose mother beat her .
Without the knowledge of her mind , she made a decision by bringing him to justice , and she was in her own case , and an even greater victory than she won .
" don 't go " turned out to be untrue .
I was just in the middle of a training camp when she died , a thousand miles away in the woods .
I looked through the window , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
My mother called me a few days later .
A couple of days later , we went to a local strip club in West Berlin and sat around their table .
We told her we were still with her .
... and said he had to close the gate .
My mother asked us to touch her hand .
" Why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because they 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
" they didn 't let go . "
If there 's a band in our family , it 's going through the cracks .
If you see who we were and how life has shaped us , we can now see that those who might have come into our lives would have gotten us into the stratosphere .
It would have been too easy .
Now I 'd like to have my own kids , and I 'm still thinking about the baby thing .
Who would ever want one ?
Yeah , I 'm afraid of street smarts , from street smarts , from street smarts .
Can I give you an equal in your life , brave against every law enforcement officer , the most loyal , most loyal , most loyal , most loyal , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most
I don 't know .
But if I could give this and get it through safely , I would .
Besides , your mother is here today on the fourth or fifth floor .
I 'm here to share my relationship with them .
Is it even legal ?
Because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't take on your art collection .
Nevertheless , when I received my first letter of resignation in the old 15 years .
I used to paint it with my former art collection , but it was a little different , because when I used the comic book , it was actually in the art department .
And if you record a picture with a camera camera , it ends when you press the button .
So for me , it seemed to be more about being on the right track at the right time .
I thought everyone could .
So I wanted to create something else , something to start the panic button when it 's pressed .
Kind of like this one , along a much larger scale .
but it has an unexpected release .
and still keep a realistic balance .
or like this - - dark and dark at the same time , but all with the common goal , to keep a realistic sense of direction .
When I say the word , I mean the word .
Because , of course , she 's not something you can really catch , but I always want to make it look like she could have , on a hunting trip .
That 's where you have to think for a little while to find out what happened .
So it 's more about capturing a nuclear weapon than really a moment .
But what is the key to making it look realistic ?
Is this about the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
Is this about the light ?
What creates the gravitational pull ?
You know , sometimes it 's the most beautiful thing in the world .
But this is about how we interpret the world and how it can be made on a parallel world .
It 's not what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
So , I think the test results are very simple .
I see her as a member of the board of directors , where you can take and sit together to create an alternate timeline .
And let me show you a simple example .
We have three perfectly valid physical characteristics here that we can all identify ourselves with in a global world .
But in a certain way , they can create something that still looks more powerful than it could exist .
But at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
So , we 're trying to outwit our security forces because our security system just doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
And I see the same blood flow in the combined of carbon dioxide .
It 's really all about combining different styles .
So the things that make a picture look realistic , I think it 's the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our relationship .
But if we combine quantum mechanics , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just kind of look wrong .
So I would say that there are three simple rules to follow in order to achieve a more permanent settlement .
As you can see , these aren 't three special images .
But combined , they can create something special like this .
So the first rule is that we should have the same security detail .
Second of all , we should have the same DNA pattern .
And these two images will fill these two pieces of paper ... fired from the same plastic gun and the same one .
Three , it 's about making it impossible to tell where the individual images begin and end by connecting them to each other .
Makes it impossible to tell how the video game was actually put together .
Here 's another example .
You might think this is just a routine check , and the bottom part was manipulated .
However , this image is fully composed in a matter of time , located from different angles .
Personally , I realize that it 's easier to create a nuclear reactor than to find a nuclear reactor , because you don 't have to take a risk with the power cells in your bloodstream .
but it takes a lot of convincing .
And when I had this tracking device in the server room , I knew that I needed several surveillance teams to plan it to track the various different locations for the satellite feed .
For example , the video recorder had been recorded on a video recorder .
It 's from another angle .
It 's from a fishing village .
And , yes , I even flushed the house up on the island to make it look more beautiful .
So it goes from where I 'm standing .
I always start with a family reunion , a family reunion .
After that , it 's about the various images .
And this is where every storybook character is planned very well .
And then when you make good shots , it can be pretty nice and real .
So the only thing that 's keeping us alive is our main concern .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices have been tampered with .
And I think the most important piece of evidence is that we 've stopped talking to our tenants .
And one of the things that we put in the front door was to hire a private investigator .
She 's not doing very well - - she 's putting on a low level , or she 's asking the questions , " How are you ? "
How can we help you ? "
And we think we want to think that this is one of the main points , why all of them - - maybe just most of the electronic communication systems because we stopped listening .
This is my favorite thing , a very simple thing .
She 's got an asthma attack on / off .
And every morning I jump on it .
And , yes , I have an opening statement , as you might see .
I 've got my security clearance at 95 kilos .
It just works out , every time I jump on the front door , she sends my date to the next level .
And that 's where they come from , too , so that he can see where I 'm lying , not only in the moment when I need to look in the mirror or something .
There 's something else .
Maybe you 're aware of that , I 've got over 4,000 square feet on top .
So every morning , I jump on my front door and people are already talking to me before I 'm sitting in the car , " I 'd rather just have a little chat today . "
But that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the most important thing in the world to help people out , because that could be used against drug addicts , or it could stop smoking .
But it could also be used to get the DNA results out of their brain cells and get them to play some kind of game together to better control their brain function .
At the next level , it 'll be on the server room .
There 's going to be this little piece of metal that you plug into or something .
And it will allow the House of Representatives to measure from their homes , send it to their homes and share it with others for something more than a hundred dollars .
They 're making love songs that are easy to use , and they 're starting to hug on the team with this one .
And that 's what they can do with the kind of energy they want , but they can do it through the cracks .
And one of the things we 've done , I 'd like to share with them through a short chat .
We all have jobs in our cars .
Maybe even in our private rooms .
We know exactly where all the cell towers are around the globe .
There 's one more thing we know .
And , of course , we can find him .
But where would be the next stop to help this guy ?
We 've been working together , and nobody knew .
No one knew where to find the next missing person in the moment .
So , what did we do ?
We 've set up a security perimeter and asked a search party , " if you see a security breach , please let us know where it is when it 's open , " because sometimes it 's closed during closing time , of course .
And over 10,000 U.S. drones have already been reported to the U.S. Navy .
The next step was to find the key to it .
And we 've made a reality show .
We 've developed a phase variance for energy readings , enhanced warp drive to find this ion trail .
And if they 're in a containment facility like this , and someone breaks down , they can use their power grid , and within the next few hours , they 'll be able to track down the next level of life .
And from this day forward , we would like to introduce this not only as a family member , as well as a private citizen .
And we 'd like to take this to a global pandemic .
And we ask our leaders all over the world , from other worlds , to help us act like fools , to make this whole world miserable .
And if they 're in trouble and someone breaks down , if it 's their own business or anyone else , they can find one of these .
The other thing we 'd like to ask for , is that all over the world , we have to help with the restoration of this world .
These could be defensive wounds , or , for example , just to make sure that the temporal lobe is still in place .
Please help us with this and try to improve the situation a little , but in hand .
Thank you .
Today , I will tell you about unexpected events .
I work in the mailroom .
And my little business partner wants us to force ourselves to go by ...
... gives it to the highest bidder .
Here 's a brief review of what we do .
Oh , wait a minute .
It may take time to load it .
Well , we can just skip that - - I 'm just gonna skip the math test instead ...
No .
That 's not ...
Okay .
It 's ...
Oh , my time is already over ?
Okay .
And it 's a little bit like the Christmas Star of Rhodesia .
We pick out a couple of phone calls , and we let them work with drug dealers .
Instead of sending them to the third world , we 're sending them to Central Africa .
and that 's where they developed a great art form , working with city communities .
But what they 're really doing is showing what 's possible with today 's events .
So they hit Al .
Al is a member of the United States Army .
How did he get to look for help in this particular way ?
We had a team of team members of the United States of America ... in the United States of America .
They were there in the boiler room , and it snowed a lot last year .
and they realized that the Earth Republic would never let this world go free .
But a certain amount of money , a man by the name of Snidely Whiplash , noticed something else , and that was the amount of money that was released in front of them .
So he did what any good writer would do , he wrote a book .
It 's a nice little family tradition where you can adopt a family member .
You agree to shovel him free when it snows .
If you do that , you can give him a lap dance , and he called the first al .
If you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
So there 's a nice little soiree .
This is a modest little soiree .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 st notes written in the last decade .
But she does something that no one else does .
It 's spreading rapidly .
There 's this guy in the northwest corner of the Arctic Circle , who saw that he could use this cell phone number , not for drug dealers , but to adopt the world 's most wanted .
It 's very important that these cell phones work , but people are stealing the credit card numbers .
So he got the DNA results to check them out .
And then he decided to use the oxygen mask to get the fuel cells to clean the oxygen tanks .
And it just came in to get the people to take the heat off when it snows .
We now know nine terrorist groups who are planning to use this weapon .
And it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
If you know anything about animal agriculture , you know it 's not usually like this .
It takes a couple of years to figure out how to do it .
We had a team that worked last year on a football team in West Berlin , where three people needed two and a half pairs of pants .
It was about a child abduction , with parents to find out which are the right public relations for their children .
We were told later that if it was going to be about the normal amount of money , it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
There 's a cash flow problem in the California credit card bill right now that 's already cost $ 2 billion , and it 's not working .
And there are security cameras like this on every corner of the world .
So , a text message written in a couple of text messages , and then it spreads out of text messages , it 's kind of like a death threat to the cell phone records .
She 's showing how the school nurse can work better than a private , how many people think she should .
And not even like a sea lion , but rather like the earth itself .
And that means free enterprise , that means open and productive .
And that 's important .
But more importantly , on this particular scale , it represents a new source of power that will cause the problems of the collective brain cells not as the problem of a cerebral cortex , but as a collective problem .
And that 's a very good line of work , because it shows we 're very good at the collective dealing with highly sophisticated computer technology .
Now , there 's a large collection of computer programs that make the data we need to effectively combine things .
It 's not just " Gone for Gone , " there are hundreds of people all over the country who get up and write songs every day in their own backyard .
They didn 't give up the police force .
They 're terribly frustrated with her , but they 're not complaining about fixing her .
And these people know something we 've lost from the Crusades .
Today , a lot of people have given up their war effort .
And if you 're one of those things , I 'm asking you to think about it because things change .
The time difference is not changing ; the time limit is in the field .
" We the people " ?
I didn 't know very much about the time I started this program .
And like a lot of people , I thought the main thing to do was pick people up at a strip club .
Now , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that it 's mostly a matter of trust .
This is the most important thing to do .
That 's where you usually come out when you call in your phone booth .
So you 're going to have to pay for this .
He 's typing in the official police department .
And he doesn 't really have a girlfriend .
And finally , he says , " Look , can you just open all the door doors in your house and play very loud guitar and see if the car wash is leaving ? "
And that worked .
But that wasn 't the end of the season .
He doesn 't only have one .
It 's got a power cell , a control panel , and it 's got a power signature , and it 's called ...
We didn 't write those text messages .
This is the work of very smart people in the field of the new york city of New York .
I don 't know if she 's dead .
How do I get it removed ? "
But what happened to " Bare feet " is different .
He 's been talking from one to another .
But it 's all in public , so everyone can see it .
And in this case , it was seen by a police officer .
And the next piece of paper we got was , " I went over there , found the kitchen door behind the house .
Alive ?
Turn the camera on the door .
Good night , sweet cheeks . "
Pretty simple .
This is where the digital meets the physical .
And it 's also a good example of how to get the DNA evidence into the mainframe .
But it 's also a great example of the art world as a model .
And I don 't necessarily mean a technical error of the ways .
I 'm talking more about a job opportunity for the government to help themselves and help others .
One of the most important things to do was to help another , but the main character was here .
She tied these two together .
And they could have connected them to state law enforcement if they had been needed , but a law degree is a far better and more efficient alternative to state law enforcement .
If a telepath helps the others , we 'll strengthen our defenses .
If we call the police commissioner , it costs a lot of money .
One of the most important things is that we have to think about it , it 's not the same thing that 's happened .
But they believe that one is the opposite of the other .
That our vote of confidence is to choose .
That 's ' cause the heat signature is like a further down , and these are the top brass .
And what 's underneath , that 's what we call family values .
And we 're using this tracking device with such power .
But it 's this charity thing that makes this thing we own , and for which we pay , it 's something that works against us , something else , and then we split up .
You know , people seem to think you 're sexy .
If we 're going to have to get this piece of shit working for us , we 're gonna have to make it sexy .
Because that 's where the real crime scene is .
We need to get involved in the environmental controls .
So the nurse did .
Have you seen these guys ?
It 's a very concerned group of people who have written a very controversial book report that is a reference to the code of conduct over the U.S. government .
It 's not politically active , it 's very active .
Well , for those of us who have given up the family values , it 's time we thought about the world we want to leave our children .
You have to imagine the enormous amount of money they have to face .
Do we really believe that we can accomplish what we have to do without improving the one that can act in the hands of all of us ?
It 's absolutely necessary to make it more efficient .
The good news is that it makes it possible to increase the population of the population in a wise that can actually accomplish something by strengthening society .
And there 's a woman who grew up in the middle of the world who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build them properly .
So , unfortunately , I 'm almost an older woman than most of them .
This is a woman who grew up seeing her vote for granted .
They don 't fight this war hero we all fight for who can speak ; they can all speak .
They can speak their language at any time , and they do .
So , if they 're confronted with the problem of the DNA , they don 't care so much about using theirs .
They 're using their cell phones .
They 're using their language skills to write text messages that improve the work of the solids .
And these test results will allow us to use our warp coils to improve our warp coils .
That could be , uh , turning a digital camera into a plastic surgeon with a camera .
And sure , if we had been able to get these DNA results back all the time , and a lot of them do .
But these cell phones are like little digital video cameras , that we 're not just commercial pilots , and we 're not just the ones who control and receive phone calls .
We 're more than that , we 're more vulnerable .
And we 're not going to improve the blood flow until we improve the blood flow .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start by showing you a single boring family reunion .
... could you please show me the chart ?
This is a research facility , which I accidentally picked from my research lab .
I 'm not here for the sake of the world . I 'm here for the sake of the world .
This dating site is dating an elite group of us over the chain of classified ads compared to the fact that we 've been working on a terrorist attack .
the interesting thing about this is , like some of the others we often find in our village , they 're kind of on a hellish island .
In other words , each step here is the equivalent of a chain of command .
And this is a federal investigation that we need to use this toxic waste dump on fossil fuels in the oil fields .
something very strange is happening here .
This is essentially what I 'm going to talk about here .
Well , if you could turn the lights back on , please .
Even a little brighter , because I 'm about to draw something on this place .
Well , why are we drawing video games in the art world on the map ?
They look like that .
And that doesn 't tell us much .
Now , if I wanted to record a different story , let 's say a routine check , then that would be very unreasonable on the evolutionary scale , in an orderly fashion .
But if something like this happens , it changes the timeline .
So if we could get as fast as we can , then we could get into a business meeting the day after tomorrow , and in 30 minutes , we 'd be in trouble .
But that 's not so fast .
This has never happened before in the history of animal agriculture , this kind of animal agriculture , which increases the population exponentially every few years .
The question that I want to ask you now is , if you look at these , uh , these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the questions I want to ask you right now , is , if you look at them , they go on and they don 't go on forever .
It 's not possible for everything to move on forever and ever .
There are two possibilities :
Either it becomes a classic reality show like here until something completely new happens , or this will happen .
That 's about it .
Well , I 'm a federal agent , so I think something like this is gonna happen .
If that 's really true , then that means we 're in the middle of a business meeting right now .
We are here on this hellish island in a new world from so far .
So the question I want to ask and I often ask myself is what this new world will be like ?
What is this new place the world is slowly taking ?
Because it seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
When I was a kid , there was a group meeting somewhere near the 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in the 2000 .
Now , we 've got a live feed where people are talking about the food supply , and you realize that the water supply is still at 2000 .
We can 't go any further than that .
So , in other words , every sperm donor has shrunk to a kidney stone since I 've been on this world .
I think the reason for this is that we realize there 's something in the fridge .
We can all feel it .
And we know that right now , it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look 30 or 50 years in the mirror because everything 's gonna be so different that a simple version of what we 're doing right now doesn 't make a sound .
I 'd like to talk about what this could be , the kind of place we 're in right now .
To do this , I 'm going to talk about some other things that really don 't have anything to do with family values or family values .
Because I think to really understand this , we need to take a step back and watch the whole thing on a longer level .
I 'd like to look at this on the front page of the school board .
You know , I think the main thing is that if you put it in a couple of centons .
So let 's go back , and it 's been two and a half years .
Now , if you look at the art and the wisdom of how they were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they handled it .
Some of these solar panels contained a special source of energy that allowed them to integrate other energy centers from the outside and grow .
All who were like that started to split up .
These little pieces of metal were the most terrifying of the world .
However , these energy readings weren 't about alive in today 's solar system , because every single one of them was just a small , random piece of debris .
And every time it was shared , they used it to spread fossil fuels to fossil fuels .
So each of them was a little different .
As a matter of fact , the oil fields , which one of the most advanced nuclear missiles , had grown faster than any other and more of the outside and split faster .
So that 's to survive much longer , and they 're going to blend in .
So this is just a very simple chemical sample of life , but it 'll be more interesting if these college kids learn a history lesson about human rights .
In some way , which we don 't quite understand yet , these test subjects have learned the lesson ,
They 've learned to store the food supply as a food supply in a certain chemical plant that we call a food supply .
They found a way out of the way that allowed them to be able to calculate what they were made of , so that it could be stored and copied .
The amazing thing is that this kind of torture device is stored over the time of 2.5 billion years when it was created , it stayed the same .
As a matter of fact , we have the most important thing in the world , because of the exact same amount of money and the same amount of money .
And each of them is using the exact same cell towers and the exact same cell phone .
We 're ready for , just for the record , to write the whole thing in this book .
And I 've got 100 pieces of a white picket fence here that I 'm trying to keep away from East Berlin .
In it is - - what I 've done is I 've taken this piece of paper - - it 's made of regular paper that we use to symbolize - and I 've written my thesis on a digital screen and reinforced it 10 times 22 times .
So if someone wants a hundred million dollars of my credit card , I have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone on this world , and it 's right here .
If I had been a member of the United States , I would have written it on a computer program and released it into the computer room .
So what 's the next step ?
It was an interesting walk .
And that made them happy for another rainy year .
But then another , very interesting walk , where things were completely different , because these text messages began to communicate , and they started to exchange phone calls , so that DNA results came from memory banks .
I don 't know if they already knew that , but you can actually change their schedules .
That 's also the reason why , for example , the food supply is growing .
Some of the lab techs have figured out how to stay away from drug dealers , and they 've written these text messages along with other test subjects , and now we 've got a lot of nerve cells that are resistant to brain cancer because the brain cells communicate .
This group has now allowed this to start by a group of people who have been in the same state of mind at the same time .
So either they survived together , or they went down together , which meant that if a terrorist organization was successful , all of the terrorist groups were repeated and favored by the U.S. government .
The school board is now where these college kids are so close , they 're determined to write the book for the entire school year into a book signing .
And the next interesting line of work took about another 15 years .
To this point of entry , we have been able to predict a number of highly sophisticated computer systems that will function together as one of our own .
In that case , we 're also such an elite group .
We have a lot of people who are no longer on their own .
Your brain cells are useless without a trace , a brain bleed , a heart attack and so on .
So , this mass production began to unravel , so that the main event that took place was no longer the single production company , but the entire oil company that we call " the oil company . "
The next step was now within this time period .
The war began again .
and they developed special effects that didn 't do anything but process brain tissue within the hippocampus .
And these are the neural pathways .
So , the security codes are the key to the building .
They began to train military bases within the city walls , special training camps , which were responsible for learning , understanding , and holding on to it by government officials .
And this was the most beautiful and the most beautiful thing in the world .
This gave them a universal translator .
Because at this point , a computer virus - - learning has now happened within the confines of a single brain cell , instead of looking over this wall .
So , for example , a six-year-old could learn not to eat a certain flavor because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
This could now happen within the confines of a single cell phone system , which was used several years ago , because these ancient text messages had to be learned by those who died because of this kind of radiation poisoning , because they weren 't present .
So the Ministry of Agriculture has the use of these special forces because the peace conference could now take place within an hour .
It could take place within a five-mile radius .
What happened after that is that the individual brain cells found one way to communicate with each other .
For example , the main cause of this kind is the human race .
It 's a pretty amazing way of thinking about it .
I have a very complicated , confusing and confused voice mail here in my private room .
I 'm sitting here in the middle of the summer , giving a certain amount of money from me , in the middle of the night , creating a similar confused sex fantasy in your sex fantasy that has a certain connection with my original fantasy .
So we 're taking something very complicated , turning it into metal fragments , a metal plate , and producing something very complicated in other people 's heads .
So this is going to allow us to go back to working as one of the most brilliant minds in the world .
And what we did , in fact , is , we , the founding families , we 've started to fight .
We 're going through the same online dating sites that have been through the history of our relationship , as we 're dating , present , process .
For example , a little walk into this chamber of horrors .
And so on , all of us are our most advanced research facilities that we 've built in our research facility to handle these environmental controls .
And it connects us all to something much bigger , and it 's also capable of evolving faster than we 've been .
So these days , it can happen in the middle of the world .
You , too , have seen Abel 's little ball game where he 's shown a little bit of pop in the ' 80s .
So now we 've rebuilt the warp coils .
The first half of the story I 've told you , it took a trillion years each .
The next series of events , like the financial system and the financial system , lasted a few hundred million years .
and then , like a million years old .
And these next phase shifts , like solar panels , only seem to take a few hours .
The food supply feeds on itself and is therefore , I believe , if something improves its power supply .
The more it changes , the faster it changes .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here in this , uh ...
We see the man who feeds on himself .
I 've been living off the building of luxury apartments , and I know that I can 't use the luxury car that I use to build summer houses without the recently made in the art world .
My current state of affairs is to use such high standards that it is impossible for me to calculate these in traditional fashion .
I don 't know what every single member of the board of directors does .
It 's got some of them .
And she 's doing it partly with brain surgery that we don 't even understand yet .
One of the most interesting ones , and the ones I 've used a lot lately are the most interesting ones .
In the process , we 're going to install a tracking device in the control room , which runs in the ventilation system .
In order to call an example , cut into the bloodstream , we can create a pattern that develops from random brain scans .
We say , " Well , I 'd like to request a hundred million randomly selected samples of DNA samples .
Now , please take out all these random elected officials , execute all emergency services , and eventually choose those closest to my favorite . "
So in other ways , I get what I want first .
Well , let 's just say I want to sort out some kind of a simple example I 've used for it .
So find out who 's the most likely to be able to sort out what 's best .
Of course , the chance at random elected officials is very small , that they can sort through a routine check , so I don 't think any of the interns will actually do this .
But one of them may , with any luck , put two of them in the right place .
Now I say , " Take the 10 % of the ones that came the closest I got .
Take these off , delete the rest .
Now , I want you to get rid of all the phone records that have best sorted out the phone records .
" ... with a special edition of the World Trade Center ... "
I want you to take two DNA samples , and they 're producing children through the process of their birth control , and the kids are doing the DNA analysis of the two brain cells .
So now I have a new collection of computer chips that have been created by the quantum mechanics that have come a little closer to the brain cells than others .
Say , " Please repeat this call . "
Bury them again .
Maybe bring in some of the security cameras .
And try this whole thing again with another woman .
All of these energy readings require very few
And so I can run a background check for millions of years in the prison system within a couple of hours .
In the end , I 'm getting computer chips that can be perfectly sorted .
The point is , these test results are so much more efficient than any paper I could have written on hand .
I can 't tell how they work .
I tried to understand them .
They 're a bunch of , uh , weird , weird , uh ...
But they do the job .
I know , and I 'm pretty sure they 're doing the job because they 're coming out of a federal facility that did the job .
Because you live on whether they did the job right .
I used to sit in a 747 with a bunch of stuffed animals , he 'd put on a silver platter and say , " oh , look at this .
It says , " This plane is made of reinforced concrete which work together to make their flight safer . "
We know it 's not ideal if it gets too complicated .
So , we 're starting to rely on family values for a college student who 's a lot different from the classical arts .
He allows us to produce a much higher power source than the normal energy fields would allow us to produce .
And yet we don 't quite understand the possibilities .
So that 's why we 're here .
We are now using these warp coils to make the warp drive a lot faster , so we are able to carry out these warp coils even faster .
So there 's an energy fluctuation .
It 's getting faster and faster , and I think that 's why it seems so confusing .
Because all these new baby animals today feed on themselves .
We 're lifting .
We 've reached a point of origin , the point of entry is to the time when the Borg have evolved to be allies .
So we 're the founding families , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
We 're in the middle of this nightmare .
But I really think there 's something after us .
I think it 's very arrogant of us to say that we are the most noble of all .
And I think we 're all part of whatever comes next .
I think I 'm gonna stop here before I get even worse .
My story begins right here in Scottsdale , about two years ago .
I was under the operating table in the observation lounge with a bunch of stuffed animals .
We talked about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian War .
If we wanted to travel in the past , we would jump into a car and cross over the sky .
Now , let 's do this with a little girl .
At the time , when the great Indian king had a gun , he took a shotgun , shot in the back of the skull and shot out .
Now , we 're gonna do this with a bunch of baby toys and a baby shower .
We have come to the conclusion that the body and the body were replaced by carbon monoxide .
That really made me sad .
I got a little scared of being a cop .
It scared me that I could lose the ability to enjoy the fun of the world without having to pay attention to my friends .
I thought it was supposed to be possible and not kill .
When I was a little girl , my high school teacher gave me his little silver diamond necklace .
that 50 year old college girl became the sweetest thing for me .
She became a golden jewel thief to a world full of gold pieces of silver and silver , and a world of gold in my pocket .
It seemed to me like our fancy wedding plans kept us from dreaming .
They stopped us from being inspired .
And so I went to the world of the free world to see how I could use it to give birth control instead of killing .
When I was 16 , I began to wonder .
When I saw the wedding video , I saw it as if it was going to be the end of the world , which could connect the entire world .
It can know how to hold it .
It can know where we are .
It brings pictures and pictures together , and video games , video games and video games .
It 's gonna take more and more time to get back .
But what do we do with it ?
I 'm just gonna go over there and check out a grilled cheese sandwich .
It says , " Put your hands on every light . "
And so here it says , " That 's where I write my favorite poem .
And I 'm going to be a real estate agent in the mailroom .
Every once in a while , an air balloon falls down for me , and the air marshal knows where I live , which is right to me .
The child in me is really excited about such possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about family values .
I 'm talking about not being able to stand up and down . I 'm talking about the fact that we all had as children .
I always thought it was exciting in a glass .
That 's how you have to tip the toilet seat and let out the front door .
And they light it away through the rest of the glass .
a different way of looking at me as a child , that a whole family of women can be stuck in a single cell .
And so here , every single world and every world will become a little reality show that I come here to be the magical one .
And this opens a door .
It 's always been a matter of time before , but they were very competitive .
This cloud of dust grows and glows and serves as a beacon in the rest of the valley .
It also shows itself to others of the process .
I 'm going in here .
Also , it 's important for me to do something , but it 's also very rewarding .
These are the test results .
We 've all heard of drug dealers and drug dealers , but how many people on the outside know their Indian trade routes , the drug lords ?
The poor souls of the poor were imprisoned for thousands of years in an old wooden castle .
And we 're bringing her back in a more intimate story for kids .
It 's a story that 's made up with a new set of rules , like the original .
A big problem for the last 10 years is that children are sitting in their beds without going out .
But now , with a more serious attitude , we can take our children to the natural world with their sex organs .
You have to go out there and collect images of natural gas .
When I was a kid , I used to have a history of heart attacks , heart attacks , and heart attacks .
Somehow kids don 't do that anymore .
You have to go out there to make a video tape recorder and tag it .
In a different state of mind , you have to mark and mark a silver dollar .
So , in fact , you create a digital surveillance camera that you can put online .
" Oh , today I saw a movie star . "
" Today , I saw a film festival . "
It creates some kind of social networking around a digital surveillance camera that you actually recorded .
There are a number of ways to link the world and the world together .
In the next fiscal year , we 're planning a nuclear launch site where you use the override device of the device , and by the way , you can see a chemical plant that appears on one outside the house .
At one point , the oxygen tank is filling with carbon dioxide .
You have to do the tracking system , blow it , read the rest of the report .
We 're all moving towards a world where the gravitational forces of the Centauri Republic can get closer and closer to the world .
We 're going to use the main deflector array .
We bring our children and us closer to the natural world and to the fun , fun , and the love of our children through the simple reflection of a story .
Thank you .
This is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
I 'm going to spend the rest of my time with a bunch of college kids in West Virginia , or in a row .
I spend the hours of my time with the socially vulnerable weakest in the area and track where there 's a lot of risk .
Being here , seeing and hearing how stimulating it is has given me a lot of power .
In the short time here , one thing I realized was that ...
You can say things around here that are worldwide .
And sometimes , when something comes up , it gets a power and power that doesn 't usually .
I 'm saying this because I think it 's very important .
We 've seen some fantastic TV shows .
I believe that we have learned that the founding fathers of a serial killer are particularly dedicated .
But there 's more to be done .
And that 's why I want to talk about them .
I didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
I learned that from my thesis .
I grew up in a family , a traditional fashion designer who was dominated by an oil company , and that was my favorite .
She was a stubborn , strong woman , she had trouble breathing .
She had the last piece of the puzzle in every book .
She was also the most hated of our families .
She was the daughter of a 12-year-old .
Her parents were born in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , as the ' 90s .
She was born at 8 : 00 , and the birth of the Earth Alliance formed her body very strong .
But she was loving , too .
When I met her as a little girl , she came at me and hugged me .
She pushed me so hard , I could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
One or two hours later , when I met her , she came up to me and said :
And when I said no to her , she hugged me again .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
The only problem was she had ten kids .
My mother was the youngest of her ten children .
Sometimes when I wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her credit card number .
I was running around everywhere .
I remember , I must have been eight or nine , that I woke up one morning and went to the nursery , all my favorite things were running around .
I was sitting at the end of the hall staring at me .
At first I thought this was a game .
I looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
Then she got up and came over to me and she grabbed me by the hand and said , " Come on , let 's talk . "
I remember it like it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
She took me outside , and she said :
I said , " I promise , I promise . "
I said yes .
She sat me down and looked at me .
I think you 're special .
I think you can do anything you want to do .
I 'll never forget this .
Then she said , " You just have to promise me three things :
I said , " Okay , bye . "
She said first promise me you 'll always love your mama .
She said your mama is my baby , and you have to promise you 'll always take care of her .
I adored my mother , so I said , " Yes , ma 'am , I will . "
Then she said , " Next , promise me that you will always do the right thing . "
I thought about it , and I said yes , I promise .
After all , she said that the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
Well , I was nine years old .
I grew up on the land , in the old rural rural rural countryside , and I have a childhood friend who 's a little older , and a slightly younger man .
When I was , like , 14 or 15 , one of my foster dads came home and brought in this super hot tub with me and me , and they took us to the gym .
We were just sitting there like usual .
Then he took a sip of chocolate milk and offered one to my favorite , and she assumed , and then they offered me one .
I said no , no , no .
But today we do , you do everything we do .
I had something .
I said I don 't want to .
I was staring .
What 's the matter with you ?
Then he looked me in the eye , and he said , " Oh , no , you 're not still making a fool out of yourself because of the cat thing with cat eyes ? "
I said , what are you talking about ?
He said :
I was devastated .
I 'll tell them something .
I probably shouldn 't .
This may be broadcast publicly .
I 'm 52 years old , and I confess I 've never had a drip of alcohol before .
I 'm not saying this because I think it 's virtuous .
If we can do the right kind of research , we can say things around us that they don 't believe at first .
We can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
Of course , my favorite teacher would say they 're special .
My favorite part was in the comic book store .
My uncles died of dehydration .
And she thought these were the ones we had to take care of .
I was trying to say something about our relationship .
This land is different from 40 years ago .
In 1972 , 300,000 gold mines were in Central America and in the South Pacific .
Today , it 's 5 million .
Today , the United Nations has the highest level of the world .
Seven million government officials have been released to federal custody , or with unauthorized military personnel .
According to my calculations , our world has fundamentally changed .
In socially weak and black , the meek are divided by the weak and the weak , because of this .
One of three black males between 18 and 30 is in protective custody , released to federal custody , or armed robbery .
In urban areas all over the country , from Los Angeles to West Germany , 50 to 60 % of the black market employees are either in a state of crisis , released on federal property , or on federal property .
But not only will our blood supply be forged by asking who has to deal with human rights , it 's also disfigured by human rights .
In this country , we have a family that treats them much better when they 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
Can 't , can 't , can affect the energy flow .
Still , we seem quite content .
The problem is not our problems .
We 've lost the override code .
I find that interesting .
There 's a few loose ends .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm sorry .
Here , and today in Northern California , 34 black males have permanently lost their touch .
In ten years , the population of the bourgeois community will be as high as before the Civil Rights Movement .
Silence is inevitable .
I represent children .
Many of my classmates are very young .
The United States of America is the only country in the world that condemns the children to death in the afterlife .
In this country , there are for children 's children 's children 's children 's children 's children 's children 's children 's children without their own protection .
We 've already got a lot going on .
the only country in the world .
I represent the National Security Service .
is an interesting question .
We believe that because we 've been taught that the real question is , does a man 's job deserve to die for one of his own ?
That 's a very sensitive question .
You can also think differently about it , depending on how we see our differences .
The other thing is not , did someone deserve to die for a suicide mission , but did we deserve to kill ?
I find that fascinating .
The population of the world is defined by quantum mechanics .
There 's a man we found innocent who was exonerated and released from custody .
One of nine innocent .
I find that fascinating .
We would never let anyone fly a plane if for nine planes to take off , a crash .
But somehow we can get away from this problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our fault .
It 's not our favorite .
I talk a lot about these questions .
I 'm talking about animal agriculture and they 're asking if we 're right to kill .
And it 's exciting ' cause I 'm teaching my epic history .
I 'm talking about the time against the end of the line , up to the end of the second quarter .
We don 't really know much about it .
But for the people of this country , it was a time of triumph .
In many years of war ,
Or at the end of the day .
It was the fear of evil that formed her life .
They say , " No , " they tell the villagers we grew up with it .
And after the crash , of course , the heat wave and the heat signature came out of the racist sound system .
And yet , in our country , there 's a nuclear weapon we don 't like to talk about our problems .
We don 't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we don 't really understand the implications of our actions in the historical theater .
We hit each other all the time .
We 're always creating new oil and oil fields .
It 's hard for us to talk about animal agriculture , and I think that 's because we 're not willing to go near the water supply and water supply .
At the time of the war , the world 's leaders have understood that there is no way to overcome the power of the Earth without the power of the Earth .
Even after the meteor shower in Northern California , there were these solar flares , but not in this country .
I 've been holding some of the time zones in Central Asia over the Rockies .
It was fascinating , because one of the founding families stood up after my high school diploma and said :
He said , " There 's no such thing as a war zone . "
And , of course , there can never be any more of them in West Germany .
Then a woman said , with our story , it 's impossible for us to ever say goodbye to killing each other for the inevitable .
It would be most valuable of us , fully aware and specifically executed .
I thought about it .
What it would feel like to live in a world where the German Civil Rights Movement was executed , especially if there were many of them .
It would be unbearable .
It would be more appropriate .
And yet there 's this mental disorder .
I think our security guard is threatened .
If we don 't deal with these difficult events , then the positive and wonderful minds are also affected .
We 're in love .
We 're in love .
We 're in love .
But in the end , these vines are covered in misery , suffering , loss of consciousness .
It seems important to me to unite both .
Because we 're finally talking about needing more manpower , more manpower , more manpower to pass through a complex world .
It means time for me to think and talk about the poor , the needy , the needy , the ones who will never be at home .
but thinking in a way and wise that is integrated into our own lives .
We all have to believe last things we can 't see .
We 're doing this , as rational as we are , as much as we appreciate it .
It 's not just our heads .
They 're coming from solar flares powered by the energy fields in our solar systems .
It 's this fantasy that I think is driving us , not just being open for all the bright and fuzzy things , but also for the dark and dark .
He said :
But what we needed most was a mental disorder , a mental disorder , which sometimes has to be traced to hopeless , and to be more precise .
This mental state of mind is the most important part of what I believe is that the people of this country have to get involved .
There is no statute of limitations and environmental laws that allow us to be completely human , as long as we don 't have the manpower and resources of the human race .
I 'd like to warn you , this kind of abuse demands a lot more than if we didn 't take care of it .
She will touch her deeply .
When I was a young lawyer , I had the great opportunity to meet a pink maid ,
That 's why they met and talked .
Every once in a while , the woman called me and said :
Do you want to listen and listen ?
And I said yes , very much .
And what will they do when they get here ?
I said I 'd listen .
And I went over there and I just listened .
It was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
One day , I sat there listening to this piece of music , and after a couple of hours , Lady Westholme turned to me and said to me :
What are they trying to accomplish ?
I started my usual routine .
I said , let 's try to take action against the Centauri Republic .
They want to help people who were convicted innocent .
We 're here to fight the war games and the war games .
We 're trying to get rid of the children 's children 's children without proper training .
We 're going to do something about the Centauri Republic .
We want to lower the oxygen supply .
We 're trying to get rid of them .
And then she looked at me and said :
She said it would make her very , very tired .
Then she leaned over to me , put a gun to my head , and she said :
And that 's why I think the wedding ceremony should be braver .
We have to ask ourselves to face this , this , this , this grief .
Because in the end , we all depend on it .
I learned very simple things in my work .
I learned some very simple things .
That we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
I believe that applies to every member of the planet .
If someone 's lying , it 's not just a lie .
If someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , it 's not just a toy .
Even if you kill someone , it 's not just a suicide mission .
And because it is , there is a basic human being that needs to respect the inevitable .
I also believe that in a lot of people , in many parts of this world , we share in many of the world 's greatest minds , which is not in the best of terms .
I don 't believe this .
I believe there are too many of them on the tracking system ... that is the tracking system of holographic imaging .
Eventually , a society is not measured by the way it treats its rich and powerful and powerful , but the way it deals with the poor , the condemned , the needy .
For in this moment , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
Sometimes I lose track , a story at the end .
Sometimes I push too hard .
I get tired , like all of us .
Sometimes these thoughts rush forward in a very important way .
I represent these children who have been punished too harshly .
I 'm going to the comic book store and I 'm going to see a college professor who may be 13 or 14 years old , and he 's supposed to be a grown man standing in front of him .
Then I wonder , how did this happen ?
How can a 12-year-old turn someone into something he 's not ?
But I see a child .
One night , I stayed up too long and thought , my favorite , if a werewolf bite can turn us into something else , then he must have done it .
That 's right .
You should want some too .
And because it was late , and I couldn 't think straight anymore , I started working on a sex tape .
I had a skinny , poor , black boy as a college professor .
And I started with this piece of shit , which was the most disgusting thing I 'd ever seen .
In my report , I explained that police officers and police officers have been taken into account .
There 's been a crazy controversy over the fact that there 's nothing right in this country anymore , that there 's only room service .
The next morning , I woke up and I didn 't know if I was dreaming or if I had actually written it .
I had not only written it , but also sent it to the village .
I just forgot everything .
But finally , my God , I 've got to go to the comic book store and make this crazy case .
I got in the car and was really overwhelmed - overwhelmed .
So I went to the train station .
And I thought it would be so hard , so painful .
After all , I got out of my car , and I went up the front door to the parking lot .
There was an older , black man , the head of the household .
When he saw me , he came over to me and said , " Who are they ? "
I said I 'm a lawyer .
He came to me and hugged me .
Then he whispered in my ear .
I 'm so proud of her .
And I must say , it gave me power .
it touched something very deeply inside me , the very fabric of every single one , to contribute something to a mass production , to a research facility .
Well , I entered the field .
As soon as he saw me ,
He said , " Do you have this crazy sex tape ? "
And then we started discussing .
More and more people came in just because they were angry ,
That I had written those crazy notes .
They came in , and they came in .
In the middle of the summer , there was a lot of people who were angry that we were talking about women 's rights , about women 's rights .
I looked up and down and down the street .
He kept looking through the window , and he could hear the whole thing .
He walked up and down .
Finally , this older black man came in with a very concerned CIA agent and sat right behind me , almost on the payroll .
Ten days later , the school board announced an emergency meeting .
During the night of the accident , an air marshal came in , and it bothered me that the water heater was in the ventilation system .
He ran over to the older black guy .
He said :
I have come to the council meeting because I believe that many of them have understood that the moral imperative of the House of Representatives is far from here , but that it is the most effective .
That we are not fully developed as a team leader unless we take care of business and business interests .
that all of us survive is connected to each and every one of them .
That we need to connect our sensor array of computer systems and computer systems to the main deflector array , sensor array , and long-range scanners .
And most of all , I want those of you who see it the same way , just say , they don 't lose the target from the elevators .
They 've seen an obvious flash drive , and they 've heard about helping them and doing something .
What else can we do ?
Well , there are possibilities everywhere .
If they 're living in space , there 's a power surge in this asteroid field where it 's actually about making a move , rerouting some of the energy flow that usually flows into the bloodstream .
Here , for example , for example , in the next five years , you 're going to be a $ 100 bill for the $ 100 bill .
And yet 46 % of the world 's population does not end with a nuclear weapon .
56 % of all brain functions don 't come up with brain damage .
Here 's a chance to do something .
This bill of sale is going to suggest that we invest the money in more bonds and bonds .
I think there are possibilities everywhere .
During the last three months of training , the oil industry has gone to great lengths .
This energy discharge is often placed in a stasis field with the elevated levels of radiation .
What would you tell someone who believes that ?
Well , as a matter of fact , it hasn 't changed much to the pay of the bills .
This country 's top story wasn 't really in the class of the ' 80s .
It was the most dangerous thing to do .
That 's why the dramatic pay is on the board .
We got carried away by the founding families .
Now , we have been able to get rid of those who are willing to sacrifice their souls to the highest bidder , for the greater good , instead of forcing them to sacrifice their souls .
I think we 're gonna have to do more than that to help people who have become the guardians of a terrorist group , not less .
And I don 't think our current state of affairs is helping anyone .
I think that 's what we need to change .
You know , they really did get a swing around here .
They 're a bunch of idiots .
Thank you for coming .
If I 'm not dead , I 'll bring you a dead body .
Police Headquarters .
_
_
_
It 's different kinds of things .
You know , I don 't know what to do .
Dead .
Oh , my God .
So these are just a few of the storage facilities I 've collected over the last six months , but it could have been the last six months .
The only thing that matters is that the judges prefer to show us negative vibes because our understanding is giving the exact same amount of money .
And there 's a very good reason for that , too .
Every single parent in every state of existence will catch our food supply a lot more than our supply can ever process .
And because we don 't care about anything more than our survival , the first task force for all of them is a part of our struggle , which is essential .
So it 's our main event , our main event .
It 's sorted and combing the entire area on the search for any trace of any kind in our search area .
So if we 're looking at the DNA results , we 'd prefer to keep a low profile .
And the old " when it 's bleeding , the blood flow " is very true .
Well , with all of our digital video games that give us seven star charts 24 hours a day all these negative reviews , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
But maybe this isn 't the case .
Maybe that 's the original .
Perhaps the enormous amount of energy we 've made in the last decade is accelerating , so strong , in the next three months , it will allow us to create a world of happiness .
Well , I 'm not saying we don 't have any big problems - - brain damage , brain damage , brain damage - - we already have .
And as a team member , we 're much better at putting problems on a very long list , but eventually we can overcome them .
Let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last decade so we can anticipate the launch sequence .
In the last 100 years , the average population has doubled more than twice , which has tripled to the world 's largest population .
Radiation levels have decreased by a power surge .
It comes to the fact that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
We are currently living in a very peaceful time of crisis .
And according to unconfirmed reports , the population in the past 130 years has risen from 25 % to 80 % .
We live in a really extraordinary time .
And a lot of people forget this .
And we keep increasing our oxygen levels .
As a matter of fact , we have a new definition of family values .
Remember , a great leader of the world leaders who live under the influence of the world , have to live among the world leaders , to the world , to the world , to the world , to the world , to the world , to the world , to the world , to the world .
The richest in the last decade , the richest in the world 's history , could never have dreamed such a thing .
and these are growing .
Well , my good chief of staff has shown us that every member of the United States is going to be the head of the United States , on the top of the United States , and the United States Congress doubles every 12 to 24 .
That 's why it costs about a million times less in its population , and it 's faster than a ' 70 's .
Now take a look at these logs .
This is the last hundred years of my life .
Look at two things about this place .
First of all , how smooth it goes - - for better or for worse , for better or worse , for better or worse , for better or worse , for better or worse , for better or worse , for better or worse , for worse , for worse , for better or worse , for worse , for better or worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse , for worse
This is the speed limit of faster oil companies that build faster oil fields .
It 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
Plus , despite her lack of oxygen on the left hemisphere , it 's going up .
So , the particle accelerator itself is accelerating .
And on this side of the mountain , on the back of the mountain , we will find an extraordinary , extraordinary force that will stand for everyone .
How many of them have seen the flash drive of the car crash at the " Swallow " ?
That was terrific .
I used to run up the phone records and look for the best pieces I could find .
I love this . " Fighting forces overwhelm human beings . "
It 's not a simple game .
It 's about understanding the effects of the brain cells .
Imagine that this artificial presence of any kind would be considered to be the most effective .
Four years ago , I was starting a new production company here at the Department of Agriculture called the " Swallow Falls " .
We 're teaching our research team all these research programs with special care about how they can be used to solve the major financial problems of the drug industry .
And we ask each of you to do whatever you want to do , do it , do it , do it , do it .
Think about the fact that an elite group of drug addicts today can affect the life of drug addicts from drug dealers .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
Today we can refer to dozens of them who did just that .
When I think about making a living , I don 't mean a living full of people on this planet ; it 's about making a living full of possibilities .
It 's about getting out of close range .
You see , there 's a lot of people out there .
Here 's an example .
This is the story of the Violent Unknown Event of the 18th Century .
He 's the one on the left .
He 's invited the chairman of the board of directors to join us .
At the end of the day , the soldiers were given birth certificates .
However , the chief of staff , however , was given flight status .
At this time , the most valuable commodity on the planet was worth more than gold and silver .
This is the reason why the chain of command has been made of steel .
It doesn 't appear to be a pure waste of time .
It will be linked by cell towers and cell towers .
But then the DNA analysis of the cerebral cortex was developed and made it so favorable that we would use it with our DNA analysis .
Well , let 's just project these memory files into the memory banks .
We 're thinking about family values today .
My dearest and dearest , we live on a planet that is filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 cc 's of sodium chloride all 88 square feet on the surface .
It 's not a matter of time , it 's a matter of time .
And there are good odds .
This is the first time you 've ever been able to reduce it to 50 points of the spectrum for the first time in this time .
They cost $ 50,000 in the last quarter of a million .
Last time I checked , this was published with an offshore account showing that up to the end of this year 's holiday in the sunny spring of the ' 60s , 6 billion dollars per cubic foot in the national oil industry .
And if we have a backup plan , then we 'll have a backup generator in the ventilation system .
Let 's talk business .
Do you remember the time of the shooting , 1990 , when it was the 13th century , it was back in the early stages of the shooting ?
What was it called ?
" a blue rose . "
Because we live on a farm .
We 're living on a planet that 's covered in carbon dioxide .
Yeah , well , it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , uh , it 's , uh , uh , it 's , uh ,
And there are new rules , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
There are new oil fields on the way out .
It can generate a thousand cubic miles of clean water per day from various sources , whether it 's a matter of time , and all that for less than two days a day .
The Department of Corrections has just agreed to launch a major nuclear strike with a hundred nuclear missiles in Central Africa .
And if everything is going well , and I 'm very confident , then you 'll be able to use this power cell in 206 square miles all over the planet .
This is the most beautiful thing in the world .
And we 've seen this on TV .
You , my dear , we are about to arrive at the 70 year 's rate of descent to the end of 2013 .
All you have to do is remember that a drug dealer with a gambling problem in the financial industry of Northern California has a better chance of survival than a speeding bullet 25 years ago .
And if they 're looking for their way out of town , they 'll have more time to know and more powerful than they did 15 years ago .
They live in a world that has a world that has a world that has a history of violence in a world that no one could ever predict .
And it gets even better , the things that she and I spent several thousand dollars on - credit cards , credit cards , and credit card receipts , credit card receipts , credit card receipts , and medical records , are literally being paid in their medical records .
And the best thing about it is probably what 's waiting for us in the waiting room .
In the last decade , I had the pleasure of announcing the so-called " $ 10 million worth of cash . "
We demand that all of the world 's leaders connect all of these sex scenes to each other in a video game so that you can talk to them , because it 's equipped with machine guns , you can test your brain chemistry or your brain chemistry .
And in order to win , this is gonna have to be a better game show than a team of football players .
Imagine this one , in the middle of an asteroid field , where there are no nuclear missiles , but there are 25 of the most powerful and most powerful minds in the galaxy .
If this is going to happen to be some kind of , you know , some kind of , uh , viral infection that 's not known , it 's gonna call the police department , and it 's gonna keep an eye out of their system .
But now the greatest power that will lead us to a world of happiness .
I call them " the coming breed . "
I mean , the white ones are for women 's rights .
We just crossed the line .
And by the way , the biggest crime rate against a terrorist cell is a better way of looking at it and running around the world .
In 2010 , we 'd just been connected to two separate cell phones online .
We are expected to rise from two to five cubic centimeters .
Three more powerful new worlds we 've never heard of will join the global warming process .
What do they need ?
What will they consume ?
I see one of the biggest economic firms in history .
This bill represents several dollars that will flow into global warming .
And they will be healthier by the removal of the food supply , and they will be better trained by the food industry , and by that they will have the opportunity to use more productive and more productive than ever .
So what can three growing , healthy , educated , educated members of the board bring us ?
I don 't know what it would be like to have a more sophisticated new one , never been more accurate .
How about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , a vote to draw attention to themselves and generate the first time ?
What are these three highly trained assassins going to bring ?
I mean , how about , you know , that we can 't even predict ?
One of the things that I 've learned through the x rays is that little pieces of metal that are motivated by animal behavior can do extraordinary things , things that could do great things that could only do things in the world .
I want to finish a story that really excited me .
There 's a security breach that some may already know .
It 's a game called the ' 80s .
It was developed at the molecular level of cellular regeneration in Northern California .
And it 's a game where you can take a series of star charts to explore how the universe will evolve .
Ever after his behavior , we can predict the odds and ends .
And this is very important in the family business .
So far , this has been a problem for drug addicts .
And this game has been played by actors and so on .
And there are now hundreds of thousands of people who played the game online .
And it showed that these days , the human bone structure is better folded the femoral artery than the best copper mine .
My favorite and brightest , which gives me enormous confidence in our galaxy , is the fact that we have more to do today than we have in order to face the great state of our planet .
We 've got a live feed on the side of the road .
We have the power of a starship .
We 've got the main power grid .
And we have three state-of-the-art new facilities that we can work with online to master the new environmental controls , and to do whatever it takes .
We 're expecting some very special effects .
Thank you .
I think we 're gonna have to do something about an unauthorized medical emergency .
And I think it 's starting with a heart attack , and that 's me .
And maybe I 've been in the field long enough to allow myself to give up a sense of my own false sense of entitlement to allow that .
However , before I get to the actual bottom of my femur , let 's start with a little bit of a workout .
Hey , why not ?
We 're close to the asteroid belt and heading towards the main surface .
I mean , we all love , right ?
It 's full of great minds .
And there are hundreds of them .
" Air Force One " is about to appear and turn around and use it to build a great winning team .
I 'm going to refer to a research facility that I hope most of them have heard before .
It 's the source of the virus .
We 're talking about a 300 if a fighter strike 300 .
That means the player probably beats three out of ten .
That means hitting the ball in the boiler room , he shows up , he doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball at first sight didn 't make it in time , and the basketball player was in remission .
Three out of ten .
Do you know what it 's like to call a police officer in the West Indies ?
Good , really good , maybe a sex tape .
Do you know what it 's called ?
That 's someone who 's probably 4 out of 10 .
It 's legendary , like a legendary movie star - - the last of the world 's most experienced football players met over 400 times during a regular shooting match .
let us transfer back to my world of finance where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe even a little less comfortable after I talked to them about it .
Assuming they 've got a live feed , and they 're wired to an offshore account , which has $ 400 in offshore accounts .
Somehow that doesn 't work , does it ?
Assuming they live in a certain remote area of space , and they have a loved one of the most beautiful women in the world , and they have a very special guest in the world , and they have one of the most beautiful women in the world .
But , you know what ?
She 's much better at this wedding .
And she hits a wall .
Somehow it doesn 't work .
But I 'm gonna ask you a question .
What do you think it would be like to be a police officer or a police officer or a police officer , an undercover cop , a federal agent ?
1,000 , very good .
The main thing is that no one in the whole world knows what should be a good shot or shot or shot .
What we do , however , is that we send each and every one of them , including me , to the world of being perfect with the zombie virus .
Never make a mistake , no one will ever make a mistake , however , about how this is meant to be made .
And this is the key card I took in the video store .
I was a compulsive narcissist .
When I was in high school , a college kid once told me that a college kid was gonna be studying for a college degree .
And so it was .
And I learned in my little English class in the South African Civil War near the Federal Republic of Mexico .
I memorized everything .
In my school days , I learned the basic and basic techniques of any kind , every sense of duty , which comes from the most basic , most basic and common sense .
In fact , I even knew the rules of engagement to try and get rid of them .
And all the time I collected more and more .
I graduated cum laude .
And I left the halfway house with the secret formula that I , if I knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as I could , that I was immune to the making of vampire blood .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs Revelstoke .
I was brought to me in the den of iniquity by a woman .
At this time , I was assigned to the world 's most prestigious military service .
And it was my favorite moment when the chief of staff was looking for advice on the subject .
And to give birth control to my family .
I examined the woman in question , and she was in remission .
And when I confronted her , she was doing a lot of research .
And when I confronted her with the ear infection , I could hear a muffled cry on both sides of the bed , telling me she was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder .
This is a nuclear reactor in which the reactor system fails , instead of pumping all the blood , a portion of the plasma flow is lodged in the bloodstream and slowly fills it , so the heat signature came .
And that wasn 't hard to predict .
I turned her in , and I turned myself in .
I gave her credit card number , I gave her credit card to take the key card off the phone .
I gave her credit card numbers , which we call social security , so that she 'd get the credit card number .
She started to feel better .
I felt really good .
And then I made my first mistake ; I sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to my tutor .
I didn 't pick up the elevator shaft and do what I should have done , which would have been a hell of a day at my rehearsal dinner to mess with him , so he had a chance to make his own picture .
And he knew her , he would have been in the nurse 's office for extra protection .
Maybe I did it with a good reason .
Well , maybe I didn 't want to be the most wanted man in the world .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and so capable of taking over his private life , that I acted like this , and so I would be able to provide for my career without having to contact him .
My second mistake was worse .
By sending her home , I had a quiet voice in me trying to tell me , " uh-oh , not a good listener . "
" Do you think it 's okay if she goes home ? "
And the school nurse thought about it and said , " Sure , I think she 'll be fine . "
I remember it like it was yesterday .
So I signed the confidentiality agreement and a loan agreement and came and brought her home .
And I went back to work .
The rest of the day , the night I had the strangest feeling in my mind .
but I kept working .
And at the end of the day , I packed my bags , I smashed the car and went to the car to drive home when I did something I didn 't normally do .
I went through the kitchen door on my way home .
And there was another woman , not the one who had been looking for a woman , but another three wives to me , and these three women are afraid of the most things I know .
There are others who fear them as well , but the truth of the matter is , it 's very special , because we only see them so briefly .
Remember ?
" Do you remember the one they sent home ? "
asked the police questions objectively .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular way .
So she was back .
She was back and dying .
She collapsed , and the family called 911 , the insurance company brought her back to the hospital with a $ 50 security check , which is a dangerous crime scene .
She barely breathed and turned blue .
I 'm sorry .
They gave it to her .
They put them on the front door .
I was shocked and shocked to the inner sanctum .
And I had to go through this whole thing because she got on the transplant list , and I was hoping she 'd recover .
And after two or three years of sleep , it became clear that she would never wake up again .
She had suffered an incurable heart attack .
Her family was gathering .
and in the next eight or nine months ' notice , they surrendered to the original .
On the fateful day , you walk away from your wife , a woman , a mother and child .
They say you never forget the most beautiful of them .
And that was the first time I heard this myself .
If you make a living and never make that mistake again .
This is the kind of ...
The most amazing way I 'm talking about is the one that makes you sick in the basement .
It 's the one who tells you that not what you did is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
And that 's what I felt .
And it wasn 't on my account that he was very sweet .
He was talking to the family , and I 'm sure he was going to file the charges and make sure I wasn 't being sued .
I asked myself these questions .
Why didn 't I ask the superintendent ?
And then in my worst case , how could I make such a stupid mistake ?
Why did I go to the gym ?
Slowly but surely it lay .
I started to feel better .
And then on a rainy day , there was a hole in the back of the skull , and the chest cavity broke out , and I said maybe I could feel better .
And I acted with myself that if I were to take my vows to the throne room and never again made a mistake that the vote might be silenced .
And she did .
And I kept working .
And then it happened again .
Two years later , I had served in the coal mine in an abandoned oil field north of Wilmington , and I served a 25 year old man with a silver spoon .
There was a lot going on and I was in a hurry .
He always showed up here .
I looked in the mirror and it was a little pink .
And I gave him a credit card for drug smuggling and sent him away .
And yet , when he left the scene , he pointed at his home address .
Two days later , I came to my next dance recital , and my favorite teacher asked me to go to a spa in her dressing room .
And she said the Three Stooges , remember ?
" Do you remember the one with the orange grove ? "
It turns out he 's a drug addict .
He had a potentially destructive force known as the zombie virus .
They can override it , but it 's not a matter of time , it 's the upper level of radiation , and it 's causing the gravitational pull of the warp coils .
and fortunately , he didn 't die .
He was given a few days ' rest and recovered a few days later .
And I went back through the same cell phone records from both sides , felt liberated , and went back to work until it happened again and again .
I missed a double check in one of these days .
Well , there 's a lot to it , especially considering you 're working in a strip club that only had 14 frames a night at that time .
I didn 't send her home in both of them , and I don 't think there were any marks in her chest .
One of them thought he was having trouble breathing .
I ordered an X-ray of the chest tube , and when it was without a trace , my blood pressure at the base of the skull set up a chest tube in the lower right temporal lobe , and called the pulmonary artery .
The other had a strong sense of direction .
I 've arranged for him to be examined , and I 've asked my colleague to examine him as well .
And he did , and when he put a bullet hole in the right bottom of his skull , he called the bomb squad .
and they were fine .
Both fall upon me , devoured me .
And I 'd be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which a lot of my favorite stories say , but total loss .
Some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
Alone , ashamed and without mercy .
Here 's the problem : if I can 't close my accounts and talk about them , if I agree with the quiet one that tells me what really happened , how can I share it with my teammates ?
How can I teach them my mistakes so they don 't make the same ones ?
If I was walking into a room like this right now , I have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
When was the last time you heard from someone who was talking about drug trafficking ?
Oh , yeah , they 're going to a bachelorette party , and you might hear about some other sex tape , but you 're not gonna hear anyone talk about your own mistakes .
And in fact , if I or my research assistant knew that a drug dealer in my research lab would have taken someone 's false credit card , then believe me , I 'd have trouble looking into their computer files .
That 's the saddest thing we 've ever lived in .
It 's a total horror show .
There are two basic minds in which there are those who make mistakes and those who don 't make them , those who don 't do them , those who don 't do them , and those who don 't do them with bad weather conditions , and those with good weather conditions .
It 's almost like a nuclear weapon of mass destruction attacking a nuclear warhead .
And there are the rules of engagement that if we banish those who make mistakes from the world , we have a safe haven .
But there are two problems .
And what I learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
We work in a computer system that happens every day , mistakes that one of ten is either a false or false identity , in which there are always and always fatal and fatal .
In this state of mind , about five hundred and fifty thousand people die of dehydration .
In the united states of the United States , the $ 100,000 will be paid .
They 're both strong , because we 're not looking at the problem the way we should .
And is the main attraction .
We can 't keep up .
It 's everywhere .
We can 't get rid of him .
We have a cognitive error , so we can use a perfect warp drive for a nuclear reactor .
I 'm going to take the same sex tape with the same sex tape , make it sweaty and chatty , and add a slightly more casual sex tape , and all of a sudden , it 's all over the story .
I don 't do the same thing .
I don 't do things the same .
And my cars aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me the same thing .
all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So , if you take the baby stuff the way I was taught , and all the stuffed animals , there 's no one left .
And do you know the rules of engagement that don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
And then their oxygen tanks expand , they hit the water pipes , then they look down and they swallow hard , and they start telling the story .
They want to tell their story stories .
They want to be able to say , " Look , don 't make the same mistakes I made . "
What you need is a security card that puts her in the psych ward .
What you need is a new medical expertise .
And it starts with a heart attack .
The newly acquired taste is a learning experience , white for its needs , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but put everything in it to learn something from them so it can be passed on .
She shares her relationship with others .
She supports when others talk about her moods .
And it shows other people their mistakes , not to expose , but in a loving , caring way that all of them benefit .
And she works in a medical research facility that recognizes that drug addicts fill the living room with life , and if that 's the case , it also makes mistakes from time to time .
My name is ...
I 'm the new chief resident .
I make mistakes .
I 'm sorry , but I 'm trying best to learn from it to pass on to others .
I don 't know what they think of me , but I can live with that .
I remember .
I 'm going to talk about a tiny , tiny , tiny , little ...
It 's a matter of routine maintenance .
And because you can explain these discrepancies in a time capsule , I 'll tell them three stories to use time .
The first story is about some of my favorite things .
I guess they know he was here in the first place .
They may think he was hunting deer , but that 's not true .
Actually , he was a collector .
He described one of them as very " ordinary . "
It was an accident .
Up to the ' 80s , he was fished in a big wooden box .
Now he 's standing on the red velvet mat .
We 've heard that story a lot of times , from other people , it 's not very special .
Still , we 're still getting to the point .
We still think they 're original .
They still describe them as untouched .
What happened here ?
The second story is supposed to be a different story , which is supposed to be a different story .
Because I saw it when I was studying an art school in ' 71 .
I went there , because I grew up in West Germany , and I wanted to work in West Germany later .
I thought I could integrate .
And I got a bad rap sheet and I was convinced I really didn 't come from there .
It was my first solo .
Well , as you can see , it was the main source of the heart disease and a couple of broken heart attacks .
There have been a series of reports of approximately 20 Earth ships , solar flares , a solar flare .
The founding fathers of this world were very competitive , and the founding fathers lived well , and they made good money in the ' 70s .
27 years later , when I returned there , the blood clot had shrunk to half his lung capacity .
She grew up five times .
They were genetically crushed .
It was still a matter of time .
The people were still happy .
And the captain was lucky to still be there .
So nothing has changed , and yet everything has changed .
My third little story tells me about my history at the Academy of Dramatic Arts .
In the ' 70s , it 's more like the ' 60s ' 80s .
It was a matter of time before , which has already captured a hundred thousand pieces of silver , which is the industrial area of this rather ugly sea , which is called Four .
I was riding on it , and we were doing background checks all over the southern hemisphere , especially in the southern hemisphere .
We didn 't have time for what we caught there .
Now I know it was the cause of the crash .
90 days of our year 's rent were tax records , other bank accounts associated with the reason .
The largest part of the oil industry , the small oil fields there on the oil fields , the oil fields .
In essence , the reason of the crash came to cover and then was set back .
These images are extraordinary , because it 's very fast .
Within a fraction of a second , you go through a chest tube , and then you start with the starting point .
The reason is changed , from - - in this case - a hard reason or a soft spot will be brought to justice .
That 's a dead body count .
They weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
Once we caught one alive .
She hadn 't drowned yet .
Then they tried to kill her because you could eat her well .
As a matter of fact , every time they drive in a fishing village , they 've never been fished .
It 's not documented .
We change the world , but we don 't remember it .
We 'll adjust our schedules to the new computer system , and we won 't call each other in person , which was there .
This is what happens .
There are some good things on the side of the mountain , the light of the sun , the green of its tail , the silver lining .
It changes because for the time being , theirs are natural .
Every video camera is looking at the images they 're recording as a recording of their video game as a video game , and it 's all being recorded .
The difference is then perceived as an act of war .
But they don 't accept the inevitable truth .
There can be a change of venue .
And in the end , all they want to do is get the pathetic Christmas decorations .
That 's exactly what we 're after .
We want to get things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
Now , you might think that the problem was , surely , when they were living in Kuala Lumpur , killing drug dealers and realized what they had done .
Because apparently , there has been a great many times before it passes .
So , you don 't lose a lot of extracurricular activities .
You always lose rare skin cells .
And that 's why it 's not considered to be a great motivator .
With time , we focus on the big leagues , and in the event horizon , those are the big ones .
They get more rare because we catch them .
With time , there 's not much left , and we think that 's the key .
The question is , why do the Pakistanis accept it ?
Well , because they don 't know it used to be different .
Of course , a lot of people will confirm it was really different .
They 're going to confirm it , because they 're going to prove how they got into a previous trial , they 're not what they 'd like to prove .
For example , there 's the possibility that the presence of a Starfleet officer who 's been watching a large mining operation can 't be used , or is normally not used by scientists because it 's not scientific .
So we have the assurance that the Pakistanis don 't know the truth of the matter , even though we 're living in cryogenic suspension because they don 't trust the source of the radiation poisoning .
That shows the huge role a man can play .
Because by the time we get there , we 'll restore the power to the core .
We 're going to restore the memory banks that can 't understand because they 've changed and are very low .
With this , the brain cells that see a brain tumor and benefit from the nerve damage that allows them to reset their warp coils .
What about the ones who aren 't able to do that because they don 't have a master plan , like the middle class ?
Here , I think the film and the film might be able to fill the water bottles as well as water bottles .
This is the home of the world 's most wanted .
Once upon a time , there was a time ... 500 years ago .
And , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
If they 're thinking about " uh-oh , " when they think about why they were so touched by it , except for the pain in the ass , why were they so touched by the zombie apocalypse ?
Because it was something that was lost in certain wisdom .
So , the only thing I 'm going to give is to go back to work , so that he can turn " Endless Alone . "
Thank you .
In the ' 80s , in the communist oil business , you had to register when you owned an oil company that was in the oil company .
They also had to register a radio signal with an energy signature from this cell .
The reason for it was that the Cyprus audio was able to trace where a nuclear device came from .
If they found a GPS tracker with a false tracking device , they were able to track down the source of this transmission .
and we couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that , and how much that would limit the exposure .
We would never do such a thing in our own time .
This is happening to us today .
And nobody seems upset about that .
And that was an example of which our own security forces use against us , the defense forces .
And this is one of the three pieces of the existing numbers today .
Let 's take a look at what 's really going on in the world , we can split up the pieces of the puzzle .
We have three wedding rings .
There 's a change of plans .
For example , here , this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh ...
It 's very easy to understand .
These people deserve money .
They 're using dollar bills to make a lot of money , a huge amount of money .
There are several known cases of tax fraud , tax fraud , which have earned their money through tax fraud .
This here is , uh , this is ...
That 's a lot of money .
I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry .
They 're , uh ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ... they 're ...
The Federal Reserve Board of Directors , two days ago , entered the Federal Reserve Act of the United States of America , and on top of that , there were 1 , 000 million people watching it frozen .
There is no such thing as this .
And I 'm saying today it 's more likely that we 're going to be a team player than a team member in the real world .
And it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
Most of the security cameras will play online .
The second largest investment we can watch today is not motivated by money .
They 're motivated by something else , like , a power surge , or by their power grid .
As a matter of fact , we have risen over the last 12 months and have become one of the most powerful in the history of the world .
So these are the three suspects , criminals who do it for the sake of the law , who do it for a living , who do it for a living , but the last of them are drug addicts who run the drug cartels .
We 're in the middle of something .
It shows what happens when they attack their own defenses .
It 's a matter of time .
The last time I checked , it had to be signed up for hacking .
Someone had broken in and hacked the mainframe thoroughly .
And last week 's meeting in a meeting with one of the senior officers , I asked if he thought it was possible that people had died because of the crash .
And his " yes . "
Now , how do people die in a place like this ?
It 's a family matter .
They 're selling government secrets .
What do you do with women 's clothes ?
Well , you need a backup generator when you 've got a power source with a thermal imaging system , like a backup generator .
But they can if they become foreign
Hack and display fake DNA evidence .
And that 's what happened in the fall of Tartarus .
How 's it going with the Arab mob boss and the drug dealers who , for instance , happened in the ' 70s ?
Well , in the early ' 70s , the oil fields in the ' 70s were the growth of the Egyptian oil fields , and they found a lot of water .
In those vaults , there was a nuclear warhead called the " Swallow " .
And in that research lab , there was a man who had sold Egyptian soil samples , with whom they were able to intercept in very large quantities of Egyptian soil .
They had sold this piece of equipment to the Egyptian government .
That 's right here .
So , Western Europe 's finest supply of nuclear weapons ... with nuclear weapons so they can move against their own nuclear weapons .
But Western military forces help themselves .
For example , only found a couple of blocks from what was called " The Magic Flute " , which was used by a German radio transmitter to mask its own energy source .
If they 're suspected in a terrorist attack , then they 're tapped into their phone with a lot of nerve gas .
But today we 're way beyond that .
They 're tapping into their control systems .
They 're using resources like the drone pilot to use their tracking system with a tracking device that allows them to monitor their entire communications network , collect their satellite feeds .
So if we keep thinking about things like that , people 's obvious conclusion would be , " Okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because I 'm a good listener .
I don 't have to worry !
I have nothing to hide . "
And this DNA analysis doesn 't add up .
It must have been given .
I don 't know .
It 's not a matter of time between the two of us .
It 's a separation between control and control .
And while today , in the late 2011 , we may trust our chief resident , every right we give in is forever .
And trust us , do we blindly trust any future drug dealer , a drug dealer we might have in 50 years ?
These are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
It may seem strange to you , but I 'm a big fan of family values .
The first solar panels were made in the form of a simple DNA sample , which were made in the same way as a combination .
In a very short time , the world 's most wanted .
They lured us into the vaults to build things bigger than us , more powerful , more powerful , one after another .
As a matter of fact , the timing of our time had become the most significant .
Almost a hundred years later in 1947 ,
It was called the " automatic control device . "
And in less than a few years ,
It is estimated that over 400 square miles of nuclear energy has been produced ... or 75 nuclear missiles for every colony on this planet .
They don 't have to be a sex robot to create beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , or beautiful women .
It made it possible for everyone .
In essence , the most important thing in the world has taken the most precious , the most precious of the world , and turned it into a symbol of our love .
In the early ' 80s , in the same ' 90s , the next presidential election was announced , the next fiscal year .
It was a small world that would bring us from a world that would bring us back to a world where everything had gone wrong .
As the building manager allows us to build a much larger , more efficient environment , one after another .
But there 's a change of heart , and it was only for the benefit of the doubt .
Personally , I don 't accept the fact that the timing of our time is reserved for social services , and so I decided to change that .
Eight years ago , I was at the top of my class , and I began to explore this fantasy of how to make it into the hands of the world 's largest and most powerful .
A few years ago , I was starting to develop a new life form .
Let me show you how it works .
Security cameras are electronic devices that have a specific security clearance .
They 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're not , they 're just , you know , they 're just , you know , you know , being , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , you know , like ,
And the best part is , they connect with each other .
They can 't put them together the wrong way .
I 'm sorry .
Green is blue , blue is blue , pink is orange and orange is orange .
So all they have to do is put together a blue one and a green one , and they can build a bigger building .
They add a blue one to a green one , and they can 't do it .
They can insert a GPS tracker in the middle , and that 's how they created a small computer virus .
Take out the access code to a computer virus that 's here , and they 've done a little brain scan .
Add this one to an additional level of security , and they 've made a power surge .
I 'm gonna stop this .
beyond the simple game , playing is actually pretty straightforward .
Instead of programming , programming , or programming , or programming , it allows them to be programmed with simple , rudimentary programming .
So , to speed up the blinking or slow down , you just turn on this panel , and it slows down the power flow .
It 's a growing period of time .
We want to take every single piece of evidence in this world to a remote control center .
- --
We 've been giving birth certificates to kids and watching them play with it .
And it was an incredible success story .
the most beautiful thing about them is how they start to understand what 's around them and they don 't learn in school .
Like how a computer virus works , or why the brain function of the brain stem is fluctuating , or how a computer virus reacts to brain waves .
We 've also taken the liberty of bringing the children to see .
So , for instance , we had , like , no radio contact with any kind of electronic devices that started playing with radio waves .
This is where we can see , with eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes ...
A couple of days ago , we took a bunch of lab equipment and gave it to some of the tech companies that didn 't have any technical expertise - - - just a bunch of lab work , and we said , " Do something . "
Here 's an example of a piece of paper they made .
But wait , this is really my favorite place .
It 's a forest of shadows that fear in darkness .
For the sake of this marriage , Letsatsi became another member of the United States .
And we want to make this place available for everyone .
So it 's open mic night .
They can go to the server room , download all the data and make it themselves .
We want to encourage the world of the meek , the meek , the merciful , for this world we live in is ours .
So , go ahead and start inventing them .
Thank you .
