and , of course , we all share the same grief counseling .
we 're all born .
we 're running diagnostics .
we need to contend with the inevitable break-up of death , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we 're all singing , dancing and art .
but the interesting cadence of the hymn , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
all these people are teaching us that there are other changelings , different approaches to finding earth .
and that 's an idea that , when you think about it , can only fulfill you with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a net of palenque and early experiences that surround the earth and devote themselves to the betterment of the earth as well as the biologic potency .
the reagan administration is the great legacy of humanity .
she 's the symbol of everything we are and what we 're capable of as an amazingly resilient species .
and just as the biosphere pointed out , this happened with only greater speed .
and the crucial indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when every one of them was born in this room , 6,000 languages were spoken on earth .
now a language is not just the totality of adulthood or a series of languages .
a language is an expression of the human spirit .
she 's a tool that allows the soul to access the material world .
every language is like a focused forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , a spiritual ecosystem .
and those 6,000 voices today , sitting here in monterey , exactly half of them aren 't whispered in children 's ears .
they 're not teaching cpr .
what could be lonelier than being covered in silence , being the last of your people who speak your language , have no way of conveying the wisdom of the ancestors , or expecting children ?
and yet this horrible fate is actually happening to someone somewhere on earth , like , every other week , because of every other day , an elderly person dies and buries the last syllables of an ancient language .
let her be agreeable . "
and then suddenly , you 'd realize what it 's like not to speak your own language .
so , in a manner of speaking , i 'd like to take you on a tour of duty today , a short tour of duty , trying to make you understand what 's actually gone .
now there are some among us who kind of forget that when i say " various possibilities of existence , " truly mean possibilities of existence .
take this child of legend in the northwest corner of the amazon , the people of anaconda , believe you 're spilling the beans from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
this is a race that doesn 't discriminate between colors blue and green , because ghosts are equals in the woods where humans hang out .
you have a peculiar language and an linguistic ability :
{ \ pos ( 192,225 ) } all of this debris from the mythological narrative , { \ pos ( 192,230 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) } { \ pos ( 192,225 ) }
you just listen and start talking .
or , one of the wettest tribes i 've ever lived with , the galapagos islands in ecuador , an amazing race that was contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries attempted to contact , and they made a mistake .
they threw gleaming photos of themselves down in the air , which we 'd consider a gesture of kindness , forgetting that those rainforest in their lives had never seen anything illusory .
you picked up these photographs from the forest floor , tried to see behind the face or the statue , found nothing and mumbled that these were business cards and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but the nano weren 't just killing outsiders with the spear .
they kept hitting each other .
54 % of deaths occurred on transmutation .
but at the same time , you had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
your hunters could smell an animal 's urine from 40 paces , determine which species affected it .
to make sense of this sensation , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable belief in beekeeping , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , this is a complex metaphysical meltdown .
it 's interesting .
if i asked you to name the majors , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , ecology , or whatever .
a continent is getting rowdy , because conjecture is that there 's no religious belief in underdevelopment .
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be weaned from the great water , respond to the rhythm of dance temporarily suppressing the spirit of the living dance so that the spice pudding becomes god for a glimpse .
harvard boys like to say , " you whites go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you 're possessed , you 're consumed with the spirit .
see these startling demonstrations : incendiary rounds , searing coal without pebbles , an astonishing implication of mind 's ability to manipulate the body so fast that when it rains into extremes .
well , of all the people i met , the carnival guests were sierra nevada de santa marta in stammheim .
descendants of the ancient bullying civilisation , which begs the caribbean island of colombia , and in the wake of conquest , this people retreated to a productive vulcan landing along the caribbean path .
in a gory continent , these humans were the only ones never conquered by spain .
to date , they 're governed by ritual priesthood , but education is quite extraordinary .
and throughout this time , you 're culturally challenged by the values of your society , values that uphold the notion that your prayers and only your prayers , the cosmic balance ,
it 's so wonderful .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , the younger brethren , are responsible for destroying the world .
now , this level of intuition is becoming very important .
well , natives aren 't sentimental , nor do they diminish with nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he 's a location of a ghost or a pack of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and the outdoors .
i grew up in the woods of british columbia and i believed those woods were supposed to be cleaned up .
well , when you start looking at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photograph i took in the amazon just last april .
this is standard procedure many of you have heard of , the strongest binding compound from the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very potent paralytic that 's similar to serotonin , cellular regeneration .
if you 've ever seen the wesen equivalent of snorting this stuff , this substance they manufacture from different species , also laced with embalming .
snorting that powder is roughly equivalent to being shelled from a barrel , hemmed in by vermeer 's paintings and landing on an ocean of electricity .
it 's not created by distortion , it 's created the dissolution of reality .
but the thing about nano tech is that it can 't be orally ingested because it experiences it in a human intestine , of course , with names parasite .
they can only be orally ingested with several other chemicals that mao quotations .
well , the fascinating thing is , though , that the vine ships contained in the vine , they 're scavengers of the very essence it takes to reprogram .
how do these people from a flora of 80,000 plants find these twin primes of dormant genes , which , if combined in this fashion , create a kinder version of itself than the sum of its parts ?
we 're using that great euphemism , attempt and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but ask the indians , " the plant speaks to us . "
so , what does this mean ?
this tribe , the bennett witch , has 17 varieties of fungus , which you 'll all recognize at large distances in the forest , which appears to our eyes as a species .
and then you ask them how they justify their fangs , and they say , " i thought you knew plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ? " and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out you pick up every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a ph.d. , but it 's much more interesting than counting cards .
well , the problem is , even the ones among us have sympathy for the troubled waters of the natives , seeing them spirited , but somehow limiting them to the past , while the real world , i.e. , our world ,
all cultures have consistently participated in the dance with new pathogens .
and the problem is not technology itself .
the cheyenne warriors stopped being sioux when they surrendered their bows and arrows when the americans stopped being americans driving horses and buggy .
it 's power , the ugly face of rule .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i dig deeper , they 'll see the ugly face of political domination .
you know , the genocide , the corporate extinction of people is generally convicted , but the baghdad battery , the destruction of people 's lives , it 's not just convicted , it 's celebrating general and environmental impact .
and you can 't understand tibet 's suffering if you haven 't experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a supporter of the dalai lama .
that meant he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled to nepal with his holiness .
his mother was imprisoned for being well-to-do as punishment for the crime .
he was smuggled into prison aged two to hide under her skirt , because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this valiant effort has been placed in an asylum .
one day , she accidentally stepped on an mao tse-tung wristband , and for that infraction , she was forced into a difficult labour camp for seven years .
tibet 's suffering can be unbearable , but the human spirit is memorable .
would you like to live in a monotonous world of monotony or a monotonous world of variety ?
and it 's humiliating to think that our species has existed for maybe 600,000 years .
the 'but revolutionary revolution that brought us agriculture , 'which escalated us in this moment into the cult of disposing , 'the poetry of a shaman through prose and dominance , 'was created mere 10.000 years ago . '
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges that we face in the coming millennia .
if we 're asking this multitude of meanings of vocabulary , they respond with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a photo i took at the northern tip of the border when i went to gallaudet , and that man , zamir , tells me a wonderful story about his grandfather .
the canadian government isn 't always dealt with the inuit , and during the lawless years during the revolutionary movement of our domination , they were forced to move into settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who feared for his life took away all their weapons and tools .
now , you need to know that the inuit are unafraid of the cold .
your sleds aren 't designed to operate with fish wrapped in rfid chips .
the man 's grandfather wasn 't afraid of the arctic night or the blaze .
he slipped out , pulled his pants out of thin air , soaked into his hands , and when feces began to freeze , he shaped them in the form of a knife .
he sprayed saliva on the floorboard , and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he commandeered the dog and improvised a harness , grabbed the dog 's skeleton and improvised a sled , lifted one of his dogs and draped over the floorboard stakes in his belt .
this is how you make something out of nothing .
and this is a symbol of the inuit and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government restored complete control of an area greater than california and texas together in april 1999 .
it 's our new homeland . it 's called misthaven .
it 's an independent territory .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state capable of seeking and achieving redemption with its inhabitants .
and ultimately , i think it 's pretty obvious to anyone who 's traveled to these distant destinations .
you 're somebody 's favourite patient .
you represent portions of human imagination flying around in recent times , and for all of us , the dreams of these children become part of our own children 's geography .
what we 're trying to accomplish with national geographic is that we believe politicians never amount to anything .
we believe peds surgeons are incapable of convincing , but we believe peds surgeons can change the world , and therefore , we 're probably the best institution for transplant patients in the world .
156 countries send over our relief shipments .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many uses for digital photos here , seamless and relentless urination , reconstituted , detente , in every way possible .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we consider how big these collections are or how big those paintings are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one 's a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in an area of 300 terahertz .
it doesn 't matter , because the only thing that slows down a system like this is the number of exes on your screen at any given moment .
this is an entire book , an example of eugenics .
this is dickens ' backyard .
to prove that this is really a text and not a picture , we can do something like that , actually proving that this one is a genuine picasso painting and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a transcript .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a cooperating case .
every great picture is the beginning of something here .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the benefit of reading a genuine article or newspaper , which is some kind of psychic with multiple stressors .
we also did something on the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we created a bogus ad with a high-level resolution that 's way higher than a standard ad , and we added extra content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this is really digging into removing those restrictions for available space on the screen .
we hope this doesn 't mean any more puffs and other nonsense - that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , outsourcing is one of the truly obvious applications for technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend much time here , except to say that we 're contributing to this area .
but these are all the roads in the tri-state area .
top shelf of nasa , astronaut theorists .
let 's get something else out of here .
it 's even live on the internet now .
this is a project with the name of litter , which truly binds two different technologies .
one of them is ex-cia , and the other is a very good research on methamphetamine abuse , taken by noah , a phd candidate at washington university , under the guidance of steve mobs
and rick kester of microsoft research .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that when we create this type of view that allows us to penetrate through images and experience of the multiple resolution .
but the spatial array of images does matter here .
i 'm not sure i have time to show you any other environments .
there are many who are more resilient .
we had to worry about lawyers and whatnot .
so this is all father-daughter bonding , and they 're all emergent relationships .
and we can navigate that very easily .
you know , i never believed i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are many different kinds of cameras ; everything 's in favor of professional surrogate mothers , a fairly large amount of them all stitched up in this context .
and if possible , i 'll find some of the weirdness .
a lot of them are covered in faces , etcetera .
there 's a series of photographs somewhere - here they are .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that 's been recorded correctly .
we can switch from the poster to a physical point of view of the environment .
now , data being collected from all the collective memory of how earth looks visually and becomes linked .
all these photos are linked , and it 's forming something greater than the sum of the pieces .
you 'll receive a model from all over the world .
consider this a continuation of stephen sondheim 's tenure to virtual earth .
and that 's something that grows by the complexity that humans use , and its usefulness to user with application grows .
your own photos are labeled as metadata , which has been inserted by another person .
and , of course , byproduct of all this , the immense virtual models of every interesting part of the world , which were preserved not only by satellite imagery , but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software enables that at some point , in the next few years , all the images being used together by someone in the world , essentially ?
she 's doing nothing but discovering .
if you want to photograph them together .
and she 's doing it in the pictures based on its contents .
and that 's really exciting when you think about the abundance of unsolicited information .
like when you 're compiling data for images where you input payments and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about which picture it is .
but how about this picture connects her to all her pictures ?
well , then , the volume of deep-seated childhood trauma and the fullness of it- - it 's substantial .
blaise , that 's incredible .
thank you very much .
i 'm going to tell you some things from my book that i hope are aligned with other things that you 've already heard , and i 'm going to try to forge some connections myself , if you haven 't noticed .
i want to start with what i call official dogma .
official dogma of what ?
official vocab guidelines from all western nationalist societies .
this is how official dogma works ; if our objective is to maximize our citizens ' privacy , then this is primarily how we maximize their freedom .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , meaningful , a prerequisite for humanity .
if humans are free , then each of us is acting out on our own to maximize the value of ourselves , and nobody has to decide .
the way to maximize freedom is maximize elections .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they 've got , and the more freedom they 've got , the greater good .
this is , i think , anchored in our water supply , that it wouldn 't occur to anyone to question it .
and it 's ingrained in our lives , too .
i 'm going to give you some examples of what makes modern progress possible .
this is my grocery store .
i just wanted to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how it is .
and then you go to the unfinished business of putting together a stereo speakers , a cd player , radio , amplifiers , and in this one electronics store , there 's so much stereo .
we can compile severino 's millions of stereo systems from the components that are offered in this one store .
you have to admit , that 's a lot of choices .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have every phone provider you wanted , as long as it came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
one episode of the phone never broke .
those days are over .
we have almost unlimited phones now , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are future cellphones .
my favorite is the proverbial torch , worries and crème brûlée .
and if you haven 't seen that in your store by now , you can be sure you will .
and what it does is make people walk into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is " no . "
it 's not possible to buy a cellphone that doesn 't hurt too much .
in other respects to life , which is far more significant than buying items , the same explosion of choices serves .
it 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you we could do a , or we could do b .
" a " has those advantages and risks .
b has these advantages and risks .
and you 're saying , " doctor , what am i supposed to do ? "
the doctor says that " a " has those advantages and risks , and b has those advantages and risks .
what do you want to do ?
and if you said , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's an enormous marketing strategy for people like you and me , which doesn 't make sense when you think about it , because we 're not buying it .
why advertise on us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change in prescription .
something as malleable as ours is now a matter of choice as to how this foil registers .
we inherit no identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as much as we want .
that means every day you wake up , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when law school was that nearly everyone had one , and they married as fast as they could , and then had kids as fast as they could .
the only true choice was " who , " not when , and not what you did after that .
nowadays , everything 's easy .
i teach wonderful students , and i 'm giving them 20 % less work than i used to be .
and it 's not because you 're less smart , and it 's not because you 're less thorough .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you 're asking yourself , " should i marry you or not ?
should i get married later ?
they 're all subconscious questions .
and you 're gonna answer those questions regardless of whether it means doing all the chores i assign you and not getting a grade in my class .
these are important questions .
we 're blessed , as carl has refined , with the technology that enables us to work every minute of every location on the planet except for the randolph hotel .
by the way , there 's a corner i won 't tell anyone about where the d.e.d. device functions .
i 'm not gonna tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions regarding work , over and over , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play soccer , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on another hip , and our laptop probably sits on our laps .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our kid mutilating a centerfold , we 're asking ourselves , " should i take that call ?
should i answer that e-mail ? "
and even if the answer to the question " no , " surely it 'll imprint your child 's experience with impunity .
everywhere we look , big things , small things , material things , lifestyle , life is a choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
what i 'm saying is there were some choices , but not everything was a choice .
and that 's the world we live in now .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'll spill it .
all those choices have two effects , two adverse effects on humans .
an effect , perfected tool , is paralysing the brain .
with so many options left to choose , humans are finding it very difficult to decide at all .
i 'm going to give you another drastic example of investment in voluntary retirement .
a colleague of mine had access to front desk chairs , the ginormous advisor of roughly one million employees and about 2,000 different types .
and what she found was a two-day retainer the employer offered , took attendance .
why ?
because there are 50 choices available , it 's so hard to decide which one to vote on tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
by not participating , they offer up to $ 5,000 a year from the peer review board who would have been happy to contribute .
paralysis is a result of multiple choices .
and i think it makes the world look like that .
you really want to make this decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to dial the fake investment fund or even the wrong salad dressing .
so that 's one effect .
and there are several reasons for that .
the more opportunity there is , the easier it is to repent at all , that 's disappointing for the choice you 're making .
secondly , what economists call econ else .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning telling us how much we evaluate things depend on what we compare them to .
well , if there are many alternatives to consider , it 's just imagining attractive qualities of alternatives you 're excluding , that makes you less satisfied with the choices you 've chosen .
for those of you who aren 't new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
there 's a couple in the hamptons .
very expensive properties .
beautiful beach .
what could be better ? " damn " the man thinks , " it 's august .
everyone in my neighbourhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks obsessing over the possibility that he missed the opportunity to park day after day .
hotel employees decrease the satisfaction we receive from our choices , even though what we 've chosen is fantastic .
and the more opportunity there is to choose from , the more attractive qualities of this choosing will be considered in the ranks .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon 's making some statements .
he testifies to living in the present , and maybe doing things slow .
but an important point , wherever you choose to be , you choose not to do other things .
and those other things may have many attractive traits , and it 'll make them less attractive .
thirdly , escalating expectations .
this hit me when i tried to swap out my jeans .
i wear jeans most of the time .
so went to buy new jeans after a lot of years of antiquity , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , here 's my size . "
and the seller says , " do you want slender , balding ? "
do you want buttons or zipper , washing stein or acid ?
you want jeans with holes ?
" would you like to shop low , blah-blah-blah ... " and so forth .
my jaw was down , and after i regenerated , i said , " i 'd like to have the kind that used to be the only way . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying on all those friggin ' jeans , and i 'm telling the truth about the best pair of jeans i 've ever had .
all this choosing made me better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try and explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse with all these available options , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans turned out to be .
i had very low expectations .
when you came in 100 ways , damn it , one of you should 've been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so compared what i had gotten to what i expected , and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities to people 's lives inevitably raises expectations about how good those options are gonna be .
and this leads to fewer satisfaction with the results , even though the results are good .
because if you did , you wouldn 't know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason things used to be better than anything was worse than anything else was , was having experiences with humans that were a pleasant surprise .
nowadays , in the world where we travel through wealthy , industrious citizens , with perfection as expectation , the best you could ever hope for is that things are as good as you 'd expect them to be .
you 'll never enjoy yourself because your expectations , my expectations , are ample .
the secret to rapid breathing . that 's what they 've all come for . the secret to ambient noise is low expectations .
i 'm saying a momentary lapse in judgment that i 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
i couldn 't have done anything better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
is it equally clear that the answer to the question is you ?
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world over the past generation .
and so the implication is that we 're generally improving , objectively , and we 're feeling worse .
so let me remind you .
this is official dogma , which is one we believe is entirely true .
there 's no question choices are any better than none , but choosing isn 't better than choosing .
there 's a magic amount .
i 'm pretty sure we missed that point in choosing our common interest .
now , as a tenet 'to ask , i 'm nearly finished as a foregone conclusion .
there are plenty of places in the world , and we 've heard of many of them , whose problem isn 't too much of a choice .
your problem is you 're short-handed .
so the things i 'm talking about are a freakish problem of modern-day western societies .
and what 's so frustrating and infuriating , steve levitt global wouldn 't tell you how expensive and elusive richter volunteers are .
what i 'm telling you is that expensive , complicated decisions are not easy to make .
they even hurt .
they 're making us look worse .
if something of what enables the humans of our society to make decisions like that amongst societies where people have moved too few choices , it would enhance peoples ' lives , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this an unannounced application .
silverpool 's gonna make everyone feel better , not just paupers , because all those choices are bothering us .
in closing , please read this cartoon , and , uh , an advanced person says , " ah !
" you know nothing 's possible in this fishbowl . "
impoverished fantasy , a shortsighted view of the world , and that 's the way i read it first .
but the more i thought about it , the more i realized the fish knew .
because the truth is , if you rupture that goldfish bowl so that anything 's possible , you have no freedom .
when you break that goldfish bowl so that everything 's possible , you settle the debt .
you increase paralysis and alleviate your anxiety .
everybody needs a fishbowl .
this is almost to perfection , perhaps even for the fish , definitely for us .
but eating takeout menus is a recipe for misery , and , uh , i suspect disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've spoken about some of these projects before- - about the human genome and what that might mean , and the discovery of new clusters .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point : we digitized biology , and now we 're trying to move digital code into a new phase of biology by building new lives .
we 've always tried to ask significant questions .
it 's something i believe a lot of biologists tried to understand and that 's on different levels .
we 've tried several approaches to streamline it to minimal components .
we digitized nearly 20 years , whereas we glorified infant mortality rates , transition from three-dimensional world to digital world .
now , are we trying to ask if we can restore life , or if we can build new lives from this digital universe ?
this is a map of a small organism , genome sequencing , the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've been trying to accomplish that with an even smaller genome .
we managed to forgo approximately 100 genes from the 500 or so that 's here .
so we decided that the only way forward is for this chromosome to actually synthesize a toxin , which allows us to ask the individual components , and therefore varying questions .
and so we started asking , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow you to construct these really large molecules that has never been made before ?
and , uh , if we can handle that , can we turn off the chromosome ?
a chromosome is , by the way , a piece of classified chemical material .
our stride in prolonging life was exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has grown quite slowly , but it 's heightened , and our final item would be turning momentarily .
we started this 15 years ago .
it actually took several years to review the review before we did the first experiments .
turns out silverpool 's tricky .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world who can manufacture tiny pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters , but it 's a binding process , so the longer you make a play , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to devise a new method to piece together these little pieces and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with digital information , phi x antitrust .
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we constructed small pieces , ran a bio-scan , had a dna molecule of roughly 5,000 letters .
the riveting phase came when we took this piece of microscopic chemical and dosed it with bacterium , and that started reading the genetic code and making viral particles .
the viral particulates were then released from cells and returned to kill e. coli .
recently , i spoke to the oil industry , and you said you fully understood this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that 's a situation in software can actually build its own hardware .
design is the key , and if you want to initiate digital information on the computer , that digital information really needs to be flawless .
when we sequenced the genome in 1995 , the isotope studies indicate one flaw in a computer algorithm .
if we 'd used the original sequence , it wouldn 't have been possible to reboot .
part of the design is creating slices that are 50 letters long , and they have to overlap with different styles to construct smaller venues .
we have unique elements in place .
you may have heard that we installed jamming devices .
think about it , we have a two-part code .
sync corrections of these letters , encode roughly 20 amino acids ;
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , phrases , thoughts .
at first , we just signed .
some people were disappointed it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces to counteract them with enzymes .
and we started making plays , starting with pieces of musical notes , binding them together to shreds .
every step of the way , we produced these slices of excess so we could infuse them , 'cause we were trying to create a very resilient process , which you 'll see in a minute .
we 've been trying to reach the firing range .
so , this looks like a meth lab .
if we can get to these really big pieces with 100,000 cubic feet , those won 't just grow in e. coli , it 's beyond all possibilities of modern molecular biology , and that 's how we approached other changelings .
we knew about a causal nexus , which biology uses to repair dna that could fragment .
here 's an example of it- - there 's an organism named gillian 's tomato habitat that can withstand three million rads of radiation .
you see in the upper field , his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything resets to the way it used to be .
we have thousands of organisms to do that .
those organisms can get dehydrated , they can even live in the vacuum .
i 'm 100 % certain life exists in space and can move on a subatomic level .
actually , nasa showed that there 's a lot of it out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule we manufactured by using these- - actually , we used sodium hydroxide canisters with the proper design .
this isn 't a negotiation . it 's a regular rehearsal .
it 's such a large molecule , we can even see it with the pencil sharpener .
this is footage of six seconds .
this is the paper we recently completed .
it 's over six figures in binary code .
it has a half-life of over 300 million .
if we printed it out with a page of 10 and no follow-through , it would entail 142 pages devoted to this genetic code .
well , how do we initiate a chromosome ?
apparently , dealing with a virus is pretty straightforward .
it 's also easier when you 're doing it in bulk than we are- - take out the compulsion and inject another , and that 's exactly what you 've heard about cloning .
well , at biocyte , the chromosome has been integrated into the cell , but recently , we 've shown that you can perform an entire transplant from one node to another and activate it .
the new chromosome has gone into holding .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we were trying to move forward with the trial .
this is the crux of evolution .
we 're finding all kinds of species here who taped a second chromosome or a third from anywhere , thousands of chirps within a second to species .
people who imagine evolution as a gene that changes at a time , missed a lot of biology .
there 's enzymes that make converts that actually digest dna .
the chromosome that was in the cell doesn 't have- - the chromosomes we inserted .
it turned upside-down in the cell and realized the other chromosome as foreign material , and so all we had in the end was a cell with a new chromosome .
it destabilized because of the genes we added .
and after a very brief period of time , it--it <blank> wiped out of a new species based on the new software we supplied into the cell .
all the proteins have changed radically , so when we read the genetic code , that 's exactly what we transmitted .
look , it may sound like pulmonary fibrosis , but we get to push the pain threshold , change things pretty dramatically .
now i 've argued that this isn 't genesis , founded on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i argued that we might be creating a new form of thermonuclear explosion in which there could be massive updates based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're seconds away from six-and-a-half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
to recap , i was born in 1946 .
today , three people on this planet for everyone who existed in 1946 ;
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it 'll be a challenge to offer that up for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 5.8 billion barrels of oil .
if we 're thinking about biological trials or any litigation designed to replace them , it 's gonna be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from that materials flying into the atmosphere .
we have , from our discoveries in the world , a database of roughly 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the matriarch of the future .
the d.e.d. weapon had a dozen components , and look at the variety that originated from it .
we 're primarily invading the boundaries of biological reality and those of our imaginations .
we have technology today due to this rapid progression of technology , to do what we call archaic genetics .
we now have the opportunity to construct a large robot capable of constructing millions of chromosomes a day .
if you 're imagining these 20 million different genes or tweak these processes to create vaccines , or vaccines , we can change more with a small molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's just asexual reproduction .
that 's a recording of actual purchases that we 're designing to sit with and identify new species on our computer .
you know , we don 't exactly know what it 's gonna look like .
we 're going to focus on fourth generation 's cyber attacks .
they recently saw corn for ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we have rna codes of cuteness and third generation that kicks out relatively soon , which will have much greater processing power , like carbon monoxide poisoning or different types .
but , as we think , the only way biology is gonna affect greatness without further emphasis on food or restriction of their availability ,
and we think that we 're gonna be the first to emerge victorious from the fourth generation in approximately 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method .
but in our discovery of the world , we have all sorts of methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
come on , depths of the sea , about 2,000 miles in an almost boiling plot .
it converts co2 to methane , using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're investigating whether we can use compressed co2 , which could easily be induced into account ,
within a brief span of time , we believe we may be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .
right .
but that 's how we 're working on putting together the same approaches to developing islet cells .
you 've seen it with the flu this year , we 're always a year behind it , and we 're one dollar short of a vaccine .
i think that can be changed by creating vaccines in the vaccines labs .
that 's what the future might look like with modifications , today 's menu can be accelerated with synthetic bacteria , vaccines , et cetera , et cetera .
thank you .
at the last ted conference , i gave an orientation on the turing test .
and i promised to come back to explain to you how the machine works .
so far , and for all of you who weren 't there , the turing test is the greatest scientific experiment ever explored 30 miles in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a hopeful second after the dawn of the universe , and that 's up to 600 million times in one second .
it 's just stunningly ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 'll pick up images of those polygraphs in polygraphs .
he calls himself atlas isles ' 44 meters in broad daylight .
here 's a spectacular picture of the atlas in engineering so you can see the quad .
september 10th , last year , the machine resumed .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused immense joy in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first duh to slingshot around the aortic arch , then accidentally collided with a portion of the aortic arch to pulses .
in other words , when we saw this painting on september 10, we knew the machine worked , which is a triumph .
i don 't know if this has generated the biggest cheering , or this is when someone visited the google site and found the internet app .
it means we 've reached a cultural point next to the science .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine buzzing with these wires here .
these wires run wireless amps when the machine hits puberty .
well , the engineers below will look at you and say , " no , you 're not .
they can afford it , because if you cool them off very far , they become so-called freelancers .
at 76 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the voltage .
in one of the compounds that occurred between wager 's magnets in the torpedo bay , there was a self-destruct button .
causing the cords to contract slightly and electrified resistance .
this was the result .
well , this is all even more impressive if you imagine the magnets weighing over 20 tons and shifting by about an inch .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to remove whatever we were doing .
we revived you , repaired you .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the trajector might be operational .
we 'll turn him on , expecting to collect first dates in june or july , and continue our journey , finding out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way , accidents like that rekindle the debate over the value of science and science on boundaries like that .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our boundaries , it builds up stakes in things like chutes .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but it 's certainly more than that .
it 's also my lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to change .
however , recent events in my life and career have led me to completely rethink my credentials .
the result is that wherever i go , i 'm treated like i 'm doomed .
seriously - - doomed !
for instance , you come at me with concern , saying , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never beat that success ?
aren 't you afraid of writing your whole life and never creating another book that cares about anyone in the world ?
okay , that 's encouraging .
people said , uh , w-why aren 't you afraid of success ?
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid you 'll pursue that craft for life , and nothing will ever arise from it , and you 'll die on a hunk of junk - your mouth filled with bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all those things .
and i always did .
and i 'm afraid of a lot more things that no one would suspect .
like algae ... and scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it lately , wondering why .
is that wise ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to do the job they feel entitled to ?
and what exactly is going on with creative enterprise that makes us insecure about mutual status - in a way other professions may not ?
my father , for instance , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40s than a chemist who was asked if he was afraid of being a chemist .
with your publicist , john , how are you doing ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the chemist 's group hasn 't gotten the reputation of sociopathic minions .
we writers do seem to have this reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of genre seems to have this reputation , mentally unstable .
all you have to do is watch the bitter bead of genuinely awesome minds from the 20th century alone , who died young and often on their own .
and even those who didn 't commit suicide seemed genuinely neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said , right before he died in his latest interview , mocking every book killed me a little bit .
an exceptional statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is is this idea of yours truly ?
because given an inch of space , i 'm not comfortable with that perception .
i think you 're despicable .
and i don 't want to see it taken over into the next century .
i think it 's better if we encourage our creatives to live .
and i definitely know that it 's for me- - in my situation - extremely dangerous to start , narrowing down that dark path of assumption , especially in the context i 'm struggling with right now .
that means , look , i 'm pretty young .
i may have 40 other changelings in me .
and it 's highly likely that anything i write from now on is valued by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last book , right ?
i 'm blunt , because we 're all friends here now- - it 's highly probable that my greatest achievement is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
those are the kind of thoughts that can make someone start drinking gin at 9 : 00 a.m. , and i don 't want that .
i 'd rather keep doing that job i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of soul-searching , it seems to me that in order to continue writing ,
somehow , from now on , i have to find a way to maintain a safe distance between me and my very natural embarrassment about how the reaction to the writing is gonna be .
this quest led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , because the circle will resume .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe creativity comes from humans , okay ?
they believed creativity was some kind of divine miracle drug that comes to humans for remote , unknown reasons .
the greeks used to call these divine examples of creativity surprising demons .
socrates tells us he believes he has a demon to impart ancient wisdom .
the romans came up with the same idea , called this type of voracious minds a marvel .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a particularly bright individual .
that 's brilliant - - there 's the distance i was talking about - - the psychological construct to protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked , right ?
the performer 's artist was protected from certain things , like , uh , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take credit for everything .
if your work pans out - - not entirely your fault , does it ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how people in the west thought about creativity for a long time .
it 's the beginning of rational behavior and people began to believe creativity has been driven from its own individual .
for the first time in history , people are hearing this artist or whoever he is calling a genius - instead of having a genius .
i have to tell you , i think this was a mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
it distorting and distorting entire egos , and it creates all this impenetrable expectation of success .
i think this mook destroyed our artists for the past 500 years .
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true - - the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps revert to ancient understanding of human relationships and mystery of creative stimuli .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't erase the concept of 500 years of rational conversation in a rousing lecture .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would declare actual scientific doubts about the idea of - fundamentally fae following people around , et cetera .
i probably won 't be able to take all of them on this trip .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think of it that way ?
because it makes as much sense as anything i 've heard about explaining the utterly insane amount of creative litigation .
a trial that , uh , as everyone knows , has tried to do anything , so in other words , everyone here doesn 't always behave rationally .
in fact , sometimes he can feel downright vindictive .
she said it was like a lightning bolt from air ,
who would pounce on you over the country .
she felt when it came , because it would shake the earth beneath her feet .
she knew she could do only one thing at a time like this , and it was - - racing like the dickens .
and then there were these- - the part i 'm never gonna forget - she said there were moments she almost missed .
she grabbed the poem on his tail and pulled it back into her body and took over the paper .
on these occasions , the poem arrived immaculate and intact on paper - but backwards - - from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i figured this was creepy - - that 's exactly how my creative process works .
this isn 't like my creative process - - i 'm not the channel !
look , i-i 'm a mule , and to work every day , i have to get up and sweat , scrub , and scrub , you know , real unpleasant .
but even i 've brushed aside from time to time tie that thing .
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had jobs or ideas rattling around from a source that i really can 't identify .
what 's that thing ?
and how do we compete with that without losing our marbles , but on the contrary , keeping us sane ?
for me , the best living example of how to pull this off is tom waits ' musician .
and you know what ?
but then he grew up and settled , and he told me that one day he was driving an expressway in los angeles , and that 's when it all started happening for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he starts harassing me , like admitting defeat , i 'm losing this thing , and i 'm gonna be persecuted by that song forever .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't make it .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he completed all the thinking and did something completely new .
he just looked up at the sky and said , quote , unquote 's apology , can 't you see i 'm driving ?
ugh , do i look like i could write a song right now ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a cheaper moment if i can take care of you .
if not , tonight 's torture for someone else .
go torture leonard cohen .
his whole acting career changed after that .
not the job itself , which has continued to be as dark as ever .
it may have been an idiosyncratic , bizarre collaboration , some kind of conversation , between tom and the alien invaders , which wasn 't entirely tom .
when i heard that story , it changed a little bit of how i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but worst of times .
i started thinking i should just abandon the project .
but then i remembered tom talking to heaven , and i tried .
so i lifted my eyes from the playbook and commented on an empty corner of space .
look , you know , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you see i 'm investing everything i have .
so if you want to be better , you need to show up here and honor your end of the bargain .
okay .
i 'm gonna keep writing , though , 'cause that 's my job .
and i want to state that i was here for my part of the job today .
because ... in the end , as follows ... centuries ago , on the deserts of south africa , hundreds of thousands of people celebrated with sacred dances and music stopped for hours - until dawn .
those festivals were always great , because the dancers were professional , and they were amazing .
but every now and then , very rarely , something special happened .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen such a performance before .
it was like time stood still and the dancer stepped through some sort of portal , he did nothing different than he ever did before- - 1,000 nights ago .
and all of a sudden , he stopped seeming human .
he was lit up from the inside , lit up from the ground , and everything revolved around a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began singing , insha allah , allah , allah , god , god .
that 's god , you know ?
if an actor in spain did something impossible , something magical - sallallahu allah , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé , olé
and that 's great , because we need this .
but , the tricky part follows the following morning when the dancer wakes up himself and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday , and he 's no longer carrying a glimmer of god .
he 's just an aging mortal with aching knees , and maybe he 'll never ascend to those heights again .
and maybe no one else will shout god 's name when they turn .
this is hard .
that 's one of the minor corrections of creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be all that torment if you didn 't believe the extraordinary aspects of your timeless nature were coming from you .
if you might just believe you 're on loan from an ancient source for an exquisite time in your life , which will pass on to someone else when you 're done .
if we start thinking about it like that , it changes everything .
so i started thinking , and so i 'm sure in the past few months , while i 've been working on the book that 's about to appear - - as the dangerous , severely anticipated successor to my awesome accomplishment .
what i have to tell myself every time i go crazy about this is , don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
continue to contribute , whatever it is .
if your job is dancing , dance .
if the frigging divine genius who stands by your side decides to flash a whiff of miracles through your exertion , olé !
and if you don 't , dance your dance anyway .
and olé !
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
whining olé for you in spite of everything , just for having human love and obstinacy , for being here .
thank you .
thank you .
olé !
last year , i showed these 2 states to illustrate that the arctic ice cap had the equivalent of below 48 % .
but that doesn 't negate enough the gravity of this particular problem , since it doesn 't show the thickness of ice .
in a sense , the arctic bubble is the beating heart of our global skies .
it grows in winter and shrinks in summer .
the next slide i show you is a preview of what 's happened in the past 25 years .
the dispersal pattern is flushed .
as you can see , it 's growing on navy blue .
the so-called combat experience , five years old , is almost like blood pouring out of this body .
in 25 years , it 'll be gone from here to here .
this is a problem , since warming thaws the frozen cause of the arctic ocean , where there 's substantial amounts of reclaimed carbon , which , if converted by microbes .
compared to the full amount of inert gas in the atmosphere , that amount could double when we overstep the mark .
even today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane released from the water itself .
professor katie walter of alaska travelled with another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how are we gonna fare ?
and one reason this enormous amount of ice is warming greenland from the north .
this is a one-day trial .
but the volume is much larger than ever .
this is the dwp river in greenland .
if you want to know how sea level rises through rebar , here she goes into the ocean .
these rivers are decaying .
on the other side of the planet , antarctica , the largest colony collapse on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent has a negative reinforcement .
and the d.e.d. weapon that popped up over a few pulses is exceptionally intense .
this is equivalent to 20 feet of greenland .
in the himalayas , the torrential downpour , you 're seeing new lakes online that were glaciers years ago .
40 % of the world 's population gets half their supply money out of this slush fund .
in the andes , this glacier is the source of this city .
the karstarks have misspoke .
but if they vanish , most of the drinking water will dissipate .
in california , a 40 percent reduction in ownership of the sierra .
this is about repopulation .
and the predictions about how you read them are serious .
desiccation throughout the world breeds dramatic enhancement .
and disasters around the world have risen through enormous skies and have never wavered throughout history .
four times the size of those in the last 30 years .
this is a flat-out athletic event .
if you view this in historical context , you can see what it does .
over the past five years , we 've produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours . 25 million tons every day .
take a close look at the range of the eastern pacific , west of the indian trading system , where there 's a drastic reduction in the ocean itself .
the biggest factor in global warming besides logging operations , which makes 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem nonetheless .
the united states is one of the largest multinational corporations combined with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot of bridges .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been stricken from the past few years with some green alternatives that have been suggested .
there 's a political debate in our country .
and the freelancers has spent a quarter of their earnings trying to apply clean cash , which is already a contradiction in terms .
that picture reminded me of something .
walked around christmas , walked around my house in tennessee , knocked down a billion gallons of coors .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is america 's longest-running quiz show .
this happened at christmas .
one of the television commercials at christmas was this one .
frosty the snow cone is a happy-go-lucky , jolly chap .
it 's abundant in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , the snow cone gets cleaner every day .
it 's affordable and lovely , and workers remain solvent .
this is the source of most funds in west virginia .
the strongest miner is massey coal .
al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , you don 't know what you 're talking about .
so the alliance for joust has begun two campaigns .
this is one , part of her .
at this juncture , we 're looking at serious risk for our business .
that 's why we glib to spend a considerable amount of money to launch a promotion , to uncover the truth about coal .
the fact is , coal isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smelling good , too .
so , don 't worry about climate change .
leave it to us .
charcoal , you 've heard a lot about it .
so let 's take a tour of these modern , clean resorts .
fantastic !
but it 's the sound of clean handcuffs .
and yet burning coal is one of the cornerstones to global warming , the remarkably clean oil you 're seeing here changes everything .
take a good look , this is today 's clean bill of lading .
finally , the positive alternative is merging with our economic challenge and our national security challenge .
america 's in crisis , economy , national security , cyber warfare .
the scarlet thread linking them is our dependence on foreign investment .
but now there 's a brave , new solution to our predicament .
refocus america with 100 % clean electricity in the next decade ,
a plan to get america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
refocus america .
this is the last one .
it 's about a fact-finding mission from america .
one of the fastest routes to reduce our dependence on ancient , messy artifacts that are smothering our world .
the future is here , wind , sun , and a new energy system .
new investments to create high-paying jobs .
_
there 's an old african proverb , " if you want to be quick , go ahead .
if you want to get far , walk together . "
we need to get far , and fast .
thank you .
i want to start by asking you to revisit the days of your childhood when you played with deception .
while you realized how to reach out and maintain government integrity and move around , you were actually learning to contemplate and solve problems with understanding and altering narrative .
the spatial reasoning is intimately linked to how we define most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and explore it .
in short , a keystroke logger is a bona fide computer lapse .
they can be moved by hand , they can sense each other , they can capture their movements , and they have a monitor and a screen .
more importantly , they 're physical , which is why you can only push them through your hands and access .
and the astraeus are an example of a new generation of computer viruses to manipulate digital data .
and if these devices evolve into physical awareness of their movements , identify each other and perceive the intricacies of our adventure program with them , then we can begin exploring new and entertaining babysitters .
i 'll start with some simple introductions .
this crawl space is configured for ambient noise , and if i toss it one way , the video plays forwards ;
and these iconic portraits comprise each other .
so if i put them together , it piqued their interest .
when you 're surrounded by changelings , you realize that , too , and you can get a little nervous .
and they feel their movements and inclinations as well .
an interesting sequence of interactions that we 've begun to detect is that we can use mundane gestures on data , like pouring colors in relation to fluids .
in that case , we 've configured three hellfire missiles as consort , and i can use them to pour paint in the middle of it , so they mix .
if we overdo it , we can muddle through .
there 's also some nice opportunities in education like languages , mathematics or economics , where we give people the opportunity of rapid aging , and we want to see results immediately .
here i am- - this is a belles meeting ,
it 's a game of words that 's some kind of scrabble and boggle .
basically , you get every vote on every textbook accidental letter , and while you 're trying to form words , they 're vetted through a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you 're gonna merge , and you 're gonna have a new skeletal lock and try new possibilities .
thank you .
it 's some kids who came into the media lab on a trip .
you really loved it .
interesting fact about this kind of applications is you don 't have to give people much instruction .
all you have to say is form words , and you know exactly what to do .
here 's a few more people testing it .
that 's our youngest fedex truck down there on the right .
turns out he was just piling up the drywall .
so to him , they were just bricks .
this is an interactive timeline .
we were trying to develop a positronic brain .
this is felix .
he can bring in new characters by picking up the arcadian from the table , showing that character .
this is where he lets the sun rise .
the sun is rising
now he 's bringing in a tractor .
the orange tractor .
good job !
by shaking the ambient noise and adjoining them , he manages to interact with characters ...
... inventing his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open ending , and he gets to choose how it plays out .
flying cat .
the last example i have today for pointing out is a solo offense for runaways , which we recently developed and operate in imax as tones , bass and drums .
each one has four variations , you can choose which one wishes to use .
and you can funnel those tones into the sequence that you can , in turn , rearrange in random patterns .
and you ingest it by simply holding a conversation stopper .
there 's effects to be altered live , like hall and filter .
you connect him to a certain note and then tie him to hiring .
and then altered effects like tempo and volume , applied to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we start by narrowing down the vote count in two shakes , ordering them in a row , adding a few voices .
now i 'm adding a bass .
now i 'm gonna add some drums .
and now i 'm linking the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can accelerate the entire sequence by reducing speed to one direction or the other .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the bass for a little more printout .
i can rearrange the sequence .
it doesn 't make me advance or shorten your time .
and in conclusion , i can block out the entire sequence by passing wormhole technology .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new pathogens that blend in better with the way our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to show you some of the new digs and some of the opportunities we 're working on in our lab .
the idea that i want to bring you down is that we 're on the verge of this new generation of interaction with digital media , bringing information into our world that meets our needs .
thank you very much ,
i look forward to talking to you all !
yes , good afternoon .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , well , what 's fubar ?
i 'm gonna have to back up a little bit first , which is exactly why molecular biology works .
i 'm studying molecular biology and studying molecular biology right now for a few years , and that 's what i started , because i just wanted to be specific and specifically do it myself , which is what i learned in grad school .
now , that was my primary motivation .
so it was curiosity , and i wanted to get closer to matter , so .
i think molecular biology is now , so generally speaking , biotechnology , anything you need- - synthetic biology and so on ,
what 's extremely important is that now is extremely important , and more importantly ,
there 's gonna be prizes like all these genetically engineered plants on horseback .
_
underneath it all , there 's stuff that comes into everyday life , which most people aren 't aware of , like warp technology that allows us to wash at 104 ,
and the list can be continued .
and so , out of interest in this technology , i just went deeper than that .
why hack something like that now ?
most people know the heimlich maneuver .
hacking computers , and then media gets it , yeah , hackers are breaking into something and stealing data and whatnot .
well , that 's kind of sad for the astraeus crew , because it doesn 't exactly strike me as stating a fact .
and that 's when the seventies started screwing around , and that includes internet .
and it 's about resolving disputes and failures .
and it just happened to coincide with software , but there 's also in the firmware update , so there 's an entire e-mail chain that deals with proprietary technology .
but it 's also a code , and you can program it , and accordingly , you can hack it , so- - and i find that incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get in the middle of it .
it actually took on 2,000 actual shape , these networks .
there 's dot org , which is originally from switzerland , which is european , and with co-operation in india circles , but has members or active players throughout the world .
but it 's always about finding such a casual approach to dealing with it .
and then there 's spatial dot org , linguistic .
this is actually more of a forum to meet and discuss online .
they 're a little technical minded , and they 're doing a little landscaping .
and based on those networks that made the media popular , this is how much i want to sketch for a minute .
up here on the left , you see drainage , it 's a dive , so basically , it 's a school of sorts , community service , where anyone can get to .
kids , old , all kinds of people go down there to deal with it , they 've set up a lab and look at what you can do with those meds .
down here on the left , there 's a group in indonesia , which means they 've been around a lot .
longer than those two networks .
they occupy themselves in such an artistic aspect of biological materials and , yeah , combining them in a roundabout way .
and i have a lecture upstairs in copenhagen in copenhagen on a museum with an exhibit .
and that 's , yeah , that 's mostly young people , but the only thing connecting you to is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it and specifically respond to society and ask , so , okay , what do you want to do , do you have any interest in playing it ?
so , granted , hacking biology now requires some kind of material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or what you normally understand under a lab , these are some crazy-ass machines , extremely expensive , highly specialised , et cetera .
and our approach was supposed to stand down , okay , you don 't have to do that .
that 's actually unnecessary , because every hydra agent has essentially developed technology than most hydra agents , so be it .
and s - on that premise , for example , brian eagerness in england tried to piece together a billion-dollar industry , then chose a hot plate , and , yay , and then enslaved ,
so anyone who 's ever rotted a soup that he ditched for too long has done it before .
so i tried to expand it at my lab , and then i bought some ebay jewelry , and i did a little exploratory surgery , attempted a paternity test , so slash compassionate mode , back home .
and this is inventory control , which just mentioned 3-d modeling , which is , like , a community college for molecular biology .
and , yeah , well , you can see it 's relatively painless , so there 's usually people who do it alone at home , up to big scale , who technically operate it as well .
and that was the point , yeah , who are we , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values , and what is our integrity ?
and that 's when we worked out some wormhole thingy .
that was fairly intuitive , so everyone just expressed their desire , his- - his- - his and-and appearances , then .
there was , in my opinion , a pretty good code .
and we won 't have that , but binding is fine , so far as i 'm concerned .
and we even tried to bring this back to academic world , but it kind of didn 't work out .
well , i think we 're a step ahead of schedule , in fact .
yeah , what kind of projects are we doing now ?
one of the projects i handled in switzerland with the peer review was that we wanted to create a so-called optical trap or tweezers .
it 's obvious down there .
and then we pieced together a cinder block and pulled out the laser , and then tried to focus on that camera .
and i 'm afraid that didn 't work out , but we learned a lot .
another project from the french group there , it worked out , it 's pretty cool .
and he 's got such a degree , like a brain tumor or something , so he studies neurobiology , his screen name 's sam toomey .
he made this helmet , and in cooperation with the museum , that 's it .
then the visitors could walk into the room , sit on that chair , put on that helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you were thinking , or how you imagined , there were different lights on board .
it was a pretty nifty project .
another thing from the united states that has to do with that clockwork tongue , that 's the definition of insanity .
so , basically , copying gene , reproducing , recreating fragments , making it visible .
and the machines that do this are pretty pricey , which you buy commercially , the cheapest ones go after 4,000 euros .
and that 's not in the dictionary , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
well , that 's just one application of a lot to do with it .
i think , like , 600 bucks or something .
but it 's still not cheap now , but it 's definitely in a frame that 's clearly binding .
so , in my book , this is a terrific hack .
a project i started the other day was building a prototype .
mm-hmm . mm-hmm . mm-hmm .
you order chili peppers into spaghetti sauce , and then you load them into that spaghetti sauce , and then i shoot them on onions , and then i make them glow like that .
so the device you 're seeing isn 't working .
but it 's so my prototype , which looked pretty awesome on some branch , the thing on it , electronics in place , and that 's pushing it , and that 's messed up .
and then i took a keystroke logger , and i connected him to it .
a drifter , when you fill it with water , it 's got enough pressure , so i figure 40 to 50 bucks worth of it .
and then you can accelerate the particles severely enough , and then they go into the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 48,000 euros or something , floral patterns for 50 .
so it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's essentially doable .
so , and that 's just the focal point of the scene , increasing the availability of technology , including increasing the information and resources , that more people can engage .
because , like i said , it 's extremely important technology , and most people have relatively few ideas about it , and they have no chance of building up properly .
because if you 're just reading about it from scratch , that 's not the same as making or seeing it yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to make meaningful decisions in society and relate , then you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it , too , to make it work and understand it .
and that concludes our march hare , and citizen science .
so being a citizen is adept at dealing with scientific technology .
and that 's the crux of the biscuit jar .
these are the people who logged in officially on the web site , piller 's web site .
that 's a relatively significant amount of people in the world .
and what 's interesting is that you 're a member of southeast asia .
that 's my guess , they 're fewer people registered than actually exist .
so i know about some people who haven 't signed up .
and this is just standard procedure , the individual people .
some of them are registered with these locations , including these locations .
and that 's right in the beginning .
like i said , it 's just begun .
and brainiac , so basically , since the drone pilot in berlin was the first to arrive .
and that 's become a gigantic network of very good , yes , humanitarians that are everywhere in the world .
and we certainly hope that we 'll spread out similarly , and then likewise , be fairly connected , so there 'll be more people involved .
and i 'd invite everyone to deal with it and try something on their own .
look , it 's not that simple now , but it 's not impossible to have enough curiosity in there and put enough energy into it .
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
yeah , hi .
how do humans work ?
that 's a question that moves me around as a designer , but also in the stands of gunfire and above all else in user experience .
it 's about how you meet people in harlan 's media so they can use those focused mediums and create an unforgettable experience .
because i believe that three-dimensional media in us archaic cognitive models , so targeting systems that were reprogrammed to our biological memory for a long time , and that we 're just appealing it through interactive media .
and that 's pretty amazing , because you actually believe that wormhole technology you encounter that brings you into the future , but it 's true , the future is with us , with our origins .
now , what are archaic models ?
i once wrote down four business notes and i 'd like to explain them .
in addition to impaired cognitive models , these are the models we 've appropriated in recent years .
among these models , we basically have a natural rapport with flying machines .
that 's basically unheard of .
i 'm gonna revisit that , though , and prove to you that you 're naturally inclined to cooperate .
the second aspect is that due to this stress disorder , we 're perfectly capable of speaking figuratively , although we do wield a contemporary language .
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
well , we all know that glazed media is defined by definition of rejection , and of course , tells us that today 's rating is normal .
the fourth point is that history is a place for us to live .
look , how 's this surgery thing , which is actually the most natural thing in the world ?
i 'd like to prove it to you sometime .
how many doors do you have in the house ?
well , we won 't be able to answer that directly , but here 's what 's gonna happen , and it 's happening right now .
you 're walking around this house in spirit . you 've entered it , and you 're looking at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what you 're doing .
you 're distorting reality without a computer .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and there 's an effort to re-create the virtual reality in our space program , which is basically what we can do all along .
and these fortunes are unraveling the virtual reality , which made everyone feel bitter about their predicament , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or they didn 't have fibromyalgia .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was her head .
and in that head , the memory played out .
knowledge was retrieved in this realm and using these virtual images , the imagination , has just been passed along .
and that 's why it 's so ingrained in us , we 're so attuned to runaways .
the interesting thing is , if i get to take a ride .
yeah , that 's fine .
the interesting thing about it is that at the same time , man was power-hungry and psychic .
now , if you 'll just keep thinking .
what 's media today ?
then you 'll realize there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right to that .
fundamental tool of fiction has always been stories .
shamans , priests , so-called peers , were specifically designed to preserve knowledge in stories .
and even today , we 're stuck with stories .
according to the novel of animal , jonathan dated , we routinely subjected it to pages of stories every year .
that means for a kid who 's spent most of his life listening to stories .
now we think our love of stories hangs on our parents' womb as a child .
no , no , far from it .
this goes back a lot , in the cultures of inflationary times .
for me , however , in the field of media considered especially impressive , that per se , we grafted onto our biological memory into thinking rationally .
i brought you an example of the north american tribe of south america .
and lives lived on the fringes of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very populated area , and you had to navigate it somehow , get off the island , get yourself food .
and they did that to so-called freelancers .
you may already know this when you 're a little bit interested in aussie history .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have proto-beast dna , but they 've used the bloodsucking arachnid threat , too .
and what 's interesting is , though , is that navigation and astral projection of regions of songs could be mapped .
whereas language was senior to comparative literature .
that means reading about sounds and rhythm .
and that rhythm , and that rhythm presented the geology in a region , and it certainly helped disguise those songs and reassemble themselves into adulthood .
but why aren 't we singing to get from top to bottom ?
at least not to navigate .
what happened ?
well , when it happens , it 's kind of embarrassing .
we moved into the so-called evidence lockup before .
happened to the app challenge , and happened to the book , and it 's procedure .
which is exactly what happened , that we shifting responsibility for our memories and manufacturing our individual memories onto external media .
to the book and to the painting .
unfortunately , we 've forgotten how to wrestle .
eventualism is suddenly unfamiliar to us , and has nothing to do with reality .
from stem to stern .
what influences our ability to think and remember ?
then , doctor , those are xenophobic cultures .
and they 'll be rewritten by centuries of genetic engineering .
which means , instead of remembering individually , we 've implemented , widespread , diverse patterns of memories that we can attach to our personal memories .
we 're not producing ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we don 't picture things in pictures anymore , we picture them in pictures .
we 're used to things happening linear .
and we accepted partnership agreements , and there are only exceptions , like the corporate charter .
what 's left of us is the atavachron .
we 're still under arrest for cyber fraud .
question is , what 's next ?
we had vogt above ground system , we had the manifest , and we 're treading water now .
that sounds very sci-fi . i know .
but these concepts of doom , they bring us back these possibilities .
it 's about cryptography .
let me explain something .
there are technical concepts like implicit reality , which means enlarged reality .
as insane as this may sound in relation to my original genome , we 're physically moving into non sequitur , virtual worlds , entirely by comparison .
and other than that , the invasive , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can respond intelligently to a human .
all of this needs the ability to accept our basic ability to construct drones as a real-life habitat .
i graduated , and i hope that video works , brought back a very , very nice project , this is michael burk 's landing pad , joris and honeys .
and the latter are here today .
maybe you can stand up for a second , talk to them about the project during recess .
and this project , i brought along as an example of how to be addressed to this hyperactive cognitive models .
this whole thing 's a game , i gotta say .
which , of course , is grossly disrespectful and it 's a computer game .
and when i say computer games , you 're likely to see some people bowing down to any consoles or playing with some console .
definitely doing that in there .
this is a game for outdoors .
and that 's targeted for me to discover the outside world , so i 'm discovering the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data dumps that we produce into the real world .
i apologize for cutting so heavily .
you can explain this much better than that , there 's a lot more to it .
and the point is , i 'm discovering a city by seeing which places responded positively or negatively .
and so i get a completely different view of the city , a completely different impression , which is why i see negative and positive zones of a city , and so on , a completely different virtual map from a very real city .
and we can watch that now .
ah , what 's visible here , excuse me , is yet a small explanation of what you 're about to see .
obviously , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this bag is a talking bag and mine is going to speak .
he 's not gonna do that .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but i 'm still a little curious .
yeah , kids are naturally curious , or should be curious , designer included .
i 'm celibate from home , so obviously i 'm dealing with the subject of curiosity , and how curiosity transforms our minds again , and why might we lose curiosity , and so forth ?
it 's a whole slew of things to obsess over under the underlying condition .
when professors get curious , they tend to fixate on a ponzi scheme .
and that 's what i 've had in the past six months .
a computer glitch on the natural user interface design .
now you 're going to wonder why all the factions are starting to latch onto something so natural , productive clusters of communications , interact and whatnot .
and i 'm just holding up one of these little devices , because things are supposed to keep piling up , spiking all the time , and you have to watch , which is technically natural to us , which is sociopathic or intuitive .
so i 've dealt with what 's natural or intuitive .
might need another peek .
why is this happening anyway ?
so if we look at society 's development , briefly speaking , we 're moving from third party to fourth graders now .
so modern ones are in the suburbs .
every society is shaped by an element of surprise .
first , the language arts .
so you found yourself speaking a common language , you could communicate with each other , moved into the same cave , or into other areas , educated towns , and created such a rut .
but the minuet was the language , something very natural , something very vivid .
although you had to learn , so no infant can speak naturally , but we learn to differentiate , comparatively .
that was then relieved by ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
that was a refresher course , because of course you started manifest the living language in scripture , which means fluid and living ,
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , of course , it 's a whole lot of coverage , like one ofthem was alive .
but romanese then proceeded with this inscription as arbiter of succession .
then there was the next generation we actually lived in today .
that 's the print and gutenberg bible .
at the time , it was just as egregious , clergy , and other people- - are you guys insane when people start reading , then they 'll decide otherwise .
well , that totally puzzles us , obviously , because we 're looking at the newest media , social media , facebook , et cetera .
and these two worlds are colliding , new and ancient thinking .
the exciting thing about watching this , this new society , these motivational posters , bowing down to a lot of mechanisms , principles and periodic table scraps from litigation .
now it 's not local , it 's global .
we understand the weather is global .
that ecology is a global culture .
not if i 'm thinking environmentally friendly here , and the neighbor 's thinking less ecologically , it doesn 't work anymore .
so from the local village originally became a global village with the same principles , preferably intuitively , but total transparency .
just like everyone in the village knew who was involved with whom and when , nowadays , it 's happening to us through the expansion of ourselves on a global scale .
unless we pile up knowledge global and keep piling up faster and faster .
just as it happened in the village .
before the backdrop , i 've just been looking into it , so what exactly does it matter to us , what else does it matter ?
because people often come , they can 't fake it so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , which means that , and not only does it change that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
you study and study , and focus on perception and perception .
and that 's obviously something to start and say , okay , now i 'm just gonna look inside yourself .
so what 's it like in there ?
so how do we work in there ?
and what does typically mean , intuitive , and how does our perception filter work , and how cognitive processing works ?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig deeper into understanding how it works .
so you really need to look down on specifics when i want to build up a ladder or intuit , which means in-house .
and seeing how we process information , how do we absorb information ?
alone , what 's information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of people use that word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i need to understand , wesen , when does information become relevant , when does information become relevant to information and information , so i can learn how to make things more intuitive or maternal afterwards .
and , of course , how designs influence over perception .
so much more natural , in a jar , but i kind of see smack dab in the middle of it , which is salt and pepper .
and when i tell someone to shove salt or pepper , they 'll weigh in on the chin , which is what .
and intuitive on the left , and then hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , tip the salt accordingly .
but our perception itself , how does it deceive us ?
like that perception in context .
right circle looks bigger than the small one , though that 's not the case , but they 're exactly the same size , and yet our perception changes depending on the context .
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
prototype sneakers should still work .
that 's more like my glasses .
so it 's a circle .
a second circle is beginning to associate certain similarities and similarities .
it 's called esp or something , which affects us in principle .
important for faculty , they usually do it freshman year , the awesome grad school .
continuity errors of closeness , et cetera , et cetera .
often in the third place , you forget .
but this is an integral part of life when you want to intuit things accordingly .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting in the turing test .
sounds trite , but appropriate when you 're closer to it .
so we have eyes in front of us , and now they think we 're facing forwards .
this is wrong .
you 're gonna look backwards .
because you deduced that you 're seeing something you recognise , timothy 's circle .
that means we need to see ours before we see it bring it back in our bucket list to say , okay ,
i 've got some cognitive restructuring , you 've masked something you want to see .
that 'll be there , and that 'll come back .
then it goes back to square one , because that doesn 't trust the front of him and says , now really , please check and make sure what you see is what you want to see .
and then we go back , and then we actually see it .
so a very exciting process , how certain things work out and how these things happen .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
it 's exactly what i described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to discern .
i don 't know who recognizes what .
anybody see anything specific ?
that 's right .
if i saw that once , that 's a-a dalmatian in there ,
they 'll never forget it , because i 'm showing them where the dalmatian is .
oh , they spot the dalmatian .
go on , now you 'll always see him .
so now i 've basically tainted you into believing that you don 't recognize a pattern in there anymore , but i 've conditioned you to see that hound again and again in that flash .
and that projection of the continuum , feedback , see .
now i know , and now i 'm moving forward on seeing the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
so very exciting trials , then , yeah , she 's not technically gray , but here in this hypothetical crowd , she 's acting accordingly .
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yeah .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know something takes three seconds to literally shift into adulthood , then i 'm entitled to plenty of waiting in which i employ someone 3 seconds .
he needs to process that as a present .
then it goes back in time , and therefore , i 'm programmed to interview computers , for example , if i know this phenomenon .
what 's 25 milliseconds ?
yeah , milliseconds .
another exciting phenomenon .
that 's the period of falling in love .
that means , look , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at for how long , because i 'm assuming unwarranted for what happens then .
sixteen milliseconds ahead of me , too .
that 's the extent of our perceptions .
that means this first impression happens at a rapid rate of speed , how we perceive things .
and however we see things , for which we value , and how we sorta shield ourselves from our environment , so we can weigh that down .
of course , falluper has chosen to focus on not only on sensory nerves and sensory deficiency , but primarily on the topic of profiteering .
so how does a person deal with certain things accordingly ?
there is one unifying theme , which is why it 's so formal or foggy aspects .
there 's places i know for sure that i need to grab .
but there 's also symbolic functions , why is someone so small a pouch where hardly qualifies for assets , even though it 's convenient ?
well , we 're more of a symbol on the agenda , which we deal with as changelings .
back to my actual theme of natural users and the theme , of course , is crossover .
pain threshold always means how to achieve a certain goal asap , or how does a user in a designated hitter - capable , efficient , satisfying .
that 's what the norm says .
how can i possibly do anything remotely worthwhile ?
can i operate this directly , or do i need a manual , or do i need proper training for it ?
and less pain in the ass , or less pain in the ass .
just because i make this different and prettier doesn 't mean it 's better equipped .
that 's understandable .
male bonding isn 't instinct till apple destroys its essence . it 's borderline engineering if i want to harness technology to the human race .
why ?
because usually through this new strain of user , so the natural user addresses , like five times on the average .
you need to imagine that if you 're gonna do something of the classics , it 's gonna take you five hours , and with this new brand of natural software ,
that doesn 't mean you 'll probably be able to walk home four hours sooner , but your employer or someone will figure out how to employ you accordingly .
i 'm saying , of course , it 's appropriate for us to achieve certain things .
when we reconnect to the realm of software , such as command line , which was very abstract , where it took us months to deal with these systems .
then some people started working on some neuronal model or mental models like software engineers ;
so it 's not zeros and ones or cryptic codes anymore , it 's a metaphor .
that 's made it considerably easier , but it 's certainly recovering .
the next generation of bloodthirsty mercenaries has developed far more than that .
so there 's a lot more of the behavior than the appearance .
that 's one of those girly things .
that suddenly i feel like i 'm dropping the spotlight on success , especially when i 'm hosting a kegger .
and then if i take one more step into those natural users , where i communicate via speech , by touch , by gesture , by golly , and no longer have to steer things , then i 'm even faster and faster .
which brings me to the point , though , when does it start caring ?
if you 're tweaking , and then i have to push my little friend here again and see- - what does that mean from a standpoint , when is something really intuitive ?
and that 's always intuitive for us when i have to overthink it .
so apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he wants to make it proportional .
the less i think about it , the merrier .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that means if we 're looking at a nonexistent facebook page from anything else , like the metaphor ,
that means i can transfer some proprietary , human compatibility onto software , and then software upgrades .
of course , the question is , what is essentially the worst thing about humans , and now i 've blabbed it ?
this is what you call a billion-dollar franchise .
that 's what each of us uses , and marian 's an acronym , ocd , informed .
everyone does that all the time , but he does it unknowingly , and apparently intuitive , or partially instinctive .
the model is subject to lawsuits in the womb , so it works worldwide for young and old , and we use it all the time without most of us knowing that model exists .
traditionally , when one is immersed in martial arts , it 's roughly 50 to 50 of us depending on activity , so in bed , you realize it 's gonna strain less than a day .
now , i 've mastered this mental state , which specializes in intelligence , routing information , transferred to an immunologist .
and by this type of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the artifact itself , but now , not a metaphor from a physical object , but a metaphor from an exoskeleton .
and that 's on a higher grail of horrors than transmission of a classic metaphor , namely the rowe coven .
then i can transmit the whole thing .
i 'll try that with a telephoto lens .
everybody just ate cake .
clarity , now i 'm overcompensating with the object , smelling again .
i get the rundown , i filter this thing and i can tell you to show me all sorts of chocolate , for instance .
and suddenly have an interface that 's substantially modified and much more natural .
i want to help you reach a particular aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity isn 't learned .
that 's why everyone here is curious , indeed , people with a trait you can 't learn .
i 'm talking about putting practically this whole doomsday thing into gear , 40 years of litigation .
and there 's a central point in that .
and it 's phosphorus .
give peewee a chance .
every day , they emit about two grams of phosphorous , and every day , they have to absorb two grams of phosphorous .
otherwise , you can 't have teeth .
you can 't save energy .
you can 't have bones .
all we can do is slither through the ocean waves .
if we indeed ingest not phosphorus and discard .
amazingly , we 're dealing with something that might be fairly self-evident here .
because everyone talks about energy , but nobody talks about wormhole technology .
the mri results are much worse .
we 're depending on two countries .
we 've only got two years of phosphorous , and already , through drone strikes worldwide , more uranium is brought into the environment than has been used in every laboratory .
in the last 20 years alone , weapons-grade tons of uranium has been distributed in our fields in germany .
and we 're recording everything .
it makes leukemia in kids .
and we think we 'd protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
so , for instance , protect the environment , drive less .
protect the environment , lighten the load .
protect the environment , shield the energy .
that 's not protection .
it 's like saying protect your kid , only beat him thrice instead of five .
that 's just a little less destruction .
if we think this way from womb to tomb , then our entire earth becomes a graveyard sooner or later .
that 's why you have to think from cradle to cradle .
and most importantly , look at the ground , first thing .
there 's more than 60 % of life in the ground .
right now , we 're growing corn , losing approximately 11 to 30 kilograms , falling thousands of acres , or falling thousands of acres .
which means we 're losing 5,000 times more in the ground than we 're redesigning .
of course , we can watch the rehearsal dinner .
and everything is packaging or contents .
for example , in flea markets , 20 % of the dental work is now diaper .
and because we 're getting older , it makes the diapers grow .
they 're all in the nicu .
yeah ?
a baby needs about diaper rash .
we could reduce that by ten percent , of course , but what 's the difference ?
that evens up in china in a second .
it doesn 't matter .
so the question is , how do we handle these diapers ?
here 's proof , by the way , that men aren 't pigs .
i 'll tell you .
because phosphorous is handed over its components to the pigs .
people talk about urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs with that .
because that 's occupied , isn 't it ?
traditionally , we feel like we 're too many in the world .
and if you empower the people of earth to exist , if you say that 's better , you 're not even there , then they shrivel up and resent us .
and so someone like al gore , one of our greatest heroes , there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save the earth .
this says the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , those ants weigh about four times as much as we humans .
i could get termites , too , but in the united states , no one likes termites in this world while they 're vegetarians .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they physically work much harder than we do , and because they live three to six months , they conform to their weight , given energy consumption to 30 billion people .
so we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can 't be more forthcoming if you don 't exist , right ?
it 's our only chance .
have you ever seen a sentido tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
so all of our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
no tree is corked .
luckily , no .
there 's no stigma to trees .
there are 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
you 've heard of falling rocks in trees ?
that means all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and since you 're seeing , even with something like rice cakes , crops fail , doesn 't allow our own crops to recede .
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorous , which would actually go back in connecticut .
and that makes us too many .
just about that .
it means we feel so guilty on earth that we say there 's no tellin ' us , no tellin ' us what it is , no tellin ' us , no tellin ' us what our own feces are .
isn 't that sad ?
there 's too many of us .
i 'm sure there 's a lot of sense in wasting resources .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but we 're dealing with a huge footprint .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for economy , but when it comes to environmental , the highest thing is not to be there , okay ?
hello ?
you can 't have wormhole knowledge unless you 're there .
even if you were shooting yourself now , you 'd have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it another way .
we can regain our nutrients .
we 're doing farming in brazil where we recover the nutrients .
directly , we can get nutrients in agriculture .
we do this in china , for instance , where we take the trimmings from it .
there 's a chamber pot in china tonight , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to return our nutrients .
so the whole western frontier is predicated on the assumption that the city was born to take , but it never gave back to the peasants .
it made the cities grow more and more because the farmers went into cities and the cities needed to continue to fetch their nutrients .
therefore , all western empires have expanded forever , until they 've exhausted the infrastructure , and then they implode .
yeah ?
china was different .
you 've managed civilization for 5,000 years because you 've always been able to return the nutrients .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , people expect you to stay until you hit the toilet .
because it 's unfriendly to walk and collect the nutrients .
they invited you to dinner , not to dinner .
that means you can see how to reclaim the nutrients on the internet .
and the kicker is , crime rate reverts to 90 % .
so we don 't need to control people , try to be as bad as possible .
we can help you be good .
that 's debatable , of course , but the plumbing is homemade .
the by-product is clean water .
and they 're modeled after the design a pawn can simply farm .
that means the islet cells go back .
and none of those installations , we 've now built over rylatech in the last 20 years , none of those installations has ever been sabotaged .
you could easily cast a liter of toxic waste , and then the facility would be ruined for years .
it 's off .
that means we don 't have to control people , try to be inadequate .
we can help you be good .
that means we need to get phosphorous back .
and by the way , if you want to do anything about it , write yourself up , best equipped in germany with all due respect , that 's in frankfurt .
unfortunately , they don 't have jurisdiction , but maybe you can help the toasters out there .
because the frankfurt facility would best recover the phosphorous .
and he needs to go back .
we see that phosphorous is critical .
and we can see that it 's working .
we 've devoted over three years in holland .
the dutch government has explained they 'll be the first country in the world to fry phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
you see , there are two countries that control nearly 70 percent of the world 's economies .
there 's a bunch of tomb vampires .
that 's 26 countries , which control 40 % of the population .
and the oil will be replaced by other changelings .
but phosphorus can 't be replaced .
it 's not about making things a little less depressing , it 's about doing something right .
and first of all , ask what 's right .
it means it 's effectiveness , not efficiency .
holland 's easier to understand because in holland , the country 's built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for instance , your wife is sad when you bully her , and you come bearing 50 roses .
inefficient .
but totally effective , right ?
or wear lipstick .
a woman in germany eats approximately six kilograms during her life .
on it .
well , that 's not exactly correct , because we don 't know how much distorting it will be .
but a lipstick , even in this lighting , i can assure you , is inefficient , but utterly effective , yes ?
anything that 's beautiful in life isn 't efficient .
that 's why it 's not rocket science , it 's effectiveness .
asking what 's right ?
not to burn the trash barge any better and suck it out in the incinerator and lose all the materials for gas poisoning , but to ask questions first , how do you shut it down ?
imagine mozart efficiently .
yeah ?
if i invite her to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill filled with cider and a glass of water .
wonderful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything that 's beautiful in life is not efficient .
when you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
meaning all that matters in life is not about saving , saving , reducing .
all of it .
we tell people , oh , yeah , you don 't have a spa weekend in the south .
no , throwing it away is just the thing , okay ?
every place you throw away , from- - yeah , you create overwatch .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have a rebuttal .
the way we think of north .
there 's every footprint prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every footprint ruins the floor .
because the ground is gonna kill moose , and the wind and water are washing away the ground .
but if you 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , this is about creating a huge footprint that 's gonna be a deal-breaker .
not namiki .
we say in germany sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you doing with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i 'll say sorry for your loss , okay ?
that 's the minimum now .
so don 't skimp , abstain , avoid .
junk is nutrient .
and it 's a thrill when you see people jumping out of cars like that in italy .
'cause , you know , that 's a binding occurrence .
it 's a form of eugenics , right ?
you can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
for instance , we developed a nerve graft , which is room temperature .
you can ditch them wherever you go .
in two hours , she 'll self-destruct anywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants that contribute to immortality by throwing away .
that means we 're useful , not harmful enough .
so there are two basic styles .
i don 't want everything to be predictable .
a tv or a washing machine , you 're just using that , aren 't you ?
just things that rhyme , like carbon monoxide , like car exhaust , they gotta be like organic systems .
the items that are only harnessed , migrate into technical systems .
but today , we 're just talking about biological systems .
yeah ?
like sneakers , huh ?
direct advertising , not for puma per se , but for helping this company successfully create .
'cause we 're not making things clear .
yeah ?
so if i invite you to dinner and say it 's free of chicken , that doesn 't help you at all .
no , we 're gonna figure out what 's in it .
affirmative .
so not like haroon .
not toxic .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first pair of shoes that you can put the stress machine on the doorknob , and the rubber can walk in biological circles , right ?
all of it 's systemic .
and if we succeed , naturally , we 'll be able to compensate for nike and mauritz 's , too .
and that 's half the fallout shelters in the world that are caused by pie balls .
that 's why you 're helping , ask around .
hey , cougar , are you serious ?
because they 've changed buses twice now .
and i 'm not so sure you 'll stay in this .
so help me out here .
but i can .
yeah .
the one you just depicted .
that 's fine .
we can do things now that when you peel away , when you break down , you can bleed into biohazard .
tech support systems are the same .
there 's a direct ruling on this .
this is the first ecological pack , in fact , designed to go back into circulation .
also that , so any store can get things back .
if you come up with that , yes ?
remember the diaper ?
if it 's garbage right now .
these diapers are everywhere , almost .
in the countries where people make money .
down there on the pedestals but otherwise , right ?
yeah ?
only if you take this diaper , you grind up , sterilize , and use the powder to plant trees .
that puts the baby on hold for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't need to be assertive .
print , so to speak .
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
there 's a lot of people working there now , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra outfit to compete with .
so no more saving , shirking , reducing , not wasting valuable time , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the surgeon 's job .
music as language .
in the description of my speech , it says that i 'm a translator , myself , as a translator , so in english parlance .
seagulls are written versions of music .
even translating german into english may require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it 's quite foreign to the layperson , ted .
well , as co-director , i 've only got the writing notes initially .
you must think that composer drugged up every bit of his system .
actually , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these grades are approximately accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , albeit gravely accurate , defined by landscape .
because in these verbal attire , the fragrance of flowers is unbearable , just to surmise the level of surprise , not to hear the frequency of the wind .
that means the bureau of investigation needs to translate this redacted document into another , namely reactive surfaces .
today , i want to translate whatever i translate musically , so help me god , translate it into verbal language .
practically translated .
so i prefer to do this in german , because if i have to translate it into english again , it 's tantamount to translating for me .
so , that music works for me as much as the spoken language .
the trigonometric notes have a function of writing .
so it 's not enough to read just notes and press the corresponding buttons on the piano or the right spot on a chalkboard .
'cause that 's just the letters you learned to paint .
you don 't know the meaning of letters until you learn the language .
thus , it takes a learning curve at least as long as it takes for language .
there 's also copyright law enforcement , whether you learn to passively understand it , or you can actively speak until you develop it .
the work of the sculptor is beginning to resemble an intermediary .
once you pick a piece to play , because you 're excited about it , you begin to explore the origins of composition .
they 're gathering information about the play in utero .
you read letters , diaries , journals , or if there 's words , thoughts of the composer itself .
you study the works he composed before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reasons for writing it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested in all this .
you think about this time , like looking at contemporary images or reading literature .
but over time , you 've got an empire of knowledge about the composer you play , and it 's always easier to empathize with him .
the composer grows more and more like the boyfriend you live with .
his desire to write the play is growing increasingly desperate for me to play it .
now that the notes represent anything but an accurate record of composers , but a cradle , i now propose to rebuild it with meaning .
i will then state in my own words what may be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing catch-up , which means those tones .
now for me and for the composer back then , and what it might mean to him now .
every note , every phrase gets meaning with it , because i feel it myself , because it originates from my now onwards .
it has to be coherent for me right now , or i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the play that i worked out as long as possible to relive .
how to relive a happy new day , though constantly with the same rituals of life , rise and shine , walk to work , so do i.
i 've aged another day , switching seasons , my pulse slows down at night than morning , in a concert hall , it takes longer than sound to come back home .
i perceive the audience 's breathing , consciously or unconsciously .
all of this affects me , and all of this affects my experience with composition .
pretty amazing though , when i 'm onstage with a cricket minister , we 're on the same page .
then the same thing happens in a good conversation .
you bring in a new idea , and at once it 's answered with a response .
it 's exciting , because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and whatnot .
it 's a lot of fun playing music this way , and then , as the audience , you witnessed the music talking alive .
so every concert is another concerto .
i 'm never gonna play like i did right now .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
there 's gonna be more life experience than i 've experienced today , and therefore , i 'm gonna subscribe to my palette , emotions and emotions than i am today .
sure , well , i 'll have thrown out some unis , too , but new hires for that .
got a nice specific example .
it was on a correspondence course at my dearly departed teacher , professor jürgen dost fame , concert pianist and longtime professor here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was far too young to learn anything from him when i finally started studying .
but i was lucky enough to meet him early , when i was 13 , and so was i on his courses at school .
i was 17 then , when i participated in one of his classes again , and played the last of the four ballads of chopin , a broadway musical .
he asked me what the initiation was for me .
this is such a tricky part .
and in my bucket list , i said anticipation .
so he paused and meant that ?
that 's gotta be the age difference .
because to me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
well , at seventeen , you have dreams , but not important memories .
i play that play every few years today , and it 's always changed for me , even though a grade hasn 't changed .
every time i read something new , it 's exciting .
monet reused liberty seeds .
it 's always the same garden , but at a different time of day , on reflection .
he translated the threatening e-mails , just like he saw them , just like they seemed to him right now .
his personal idiosyncrasies .
the figurative interpretation of a play is similar to that .
by now , i 'm older than chopin at 32 years old .
he 's only lived 12,000 years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking at grades , even though i think i know them by heart .
to keep score , directly with the composer .
because the grades are the only link to him .
especially if he 's already dead .
well , how do you start speaking the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as it takes to do that .
music lessons are often taught to read music .
you practically learn to read before you speak a word .
you learn to play the notes on the instrument .
then when all the fingers are in time and right as it is in the notes to move , then tones that sound together like music .
if this checks out , the student will open up the endocrine system .
interpretation is hardly forthcoming .
all right , so there 's the presto . that 's a quickie .
lento , slowly .
loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
most of us know that .
but even if you decode that data , it still remains a technicality .
and it 's still not interpretation .
i 'm surprised .
i 'm surprised you forget something quite poignant .
namely , that to play music on the instrument , do your own musical experience and feel should be present before that .
namely , singing .
a kid who didn 't learn to sing because his parents weren 't bluffing , he 's not gonna do it on his own .
it 's like watching tv .
it 's necessary to have your own experiences and ideas of music to compel yourself from another possibility , so via an instrument ,
people who never sang consequently have never immediately sensed their own bodies as it is to form a tone .
creating a phrase with your own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal cords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
so the piano players are the continuation of my fingers .
the melody comes from the rhythm of the dance .
the noise of music doesn 't help these days .
you don 't have to play music yourself when you get bored .
no longer necessary to whistle or sing .
every music gets flattened every time you 're immersed in music on the outside .
sure , there are some of you who say yes , but what do you do when i can 't sing ?
i ask that , can 't you sing , a , because you believe you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
either of them , it 's not too late to start figuring out whether they can 't , or learn how to use those tiny muscles , the vocal cords .
that 's what you train .
or c , because they certified you unfit .
so i ask you , how skilled was that diagnosis ?
have you gotten a mani-pedi yet , like they say nowadays ?
or , d , they don 't like music , so they don 't want anything to do with it .
which is gonna make me regret , though , 'cause music is a nice , forgiving thing .
but maybe they can change her mind .
well , you see , no one needs to be a bachelor .
but please don 't tell me i don 't understand classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can tell whether you like it or not .
'cause i don 't think anyone 's saying i don 't know if i enjoy it because i can 't cook .
well , you don 't waive dinner because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to forego classical music , 'cause you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me whether you enjoy it or not .
whether they 're peppered or too sweet .
say what you feel .
over time , you 'll get demands , and you 'll want to add a little spice over there or taste subtle even .
why am i asking my audience to actively listen ?
because music is language , and a language is meant to communicate .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work .
the meal lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook needs to be eaten , not just watched or exchanged e-mails .
so please listen to me when there 's music playing .
she 's not just a friendly neighborhood vandal .
if a neighborhood where grown-ups play music or at least actively hear music , a child grows up , then it 's easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower ?
can you play it for me now ?
and the kid plays after a tennis lesson instead of a red one now a blue flower .
and this sounds different than before .
that was the very beginning of a musical expression of their own .
so the first step toward interpretation .
and what happens if you play a piece today that was originally written 300 or 300 years ago ?
meanwhile , instruments have shifted .
there hasn 't been a piano in bach 's time .
it just wasn 't invented .
i think the creek would 've loved it if he had the remotest prospects for pianos .
i can sing the harpsichord .
even beethoven knows he heard more than he 'd already gone deaf .
today , a modern orchestra can play anything an orchestra turns down as a solo artist .
that 's why composers rely on us ... to reinvent the plays .
so you can hear what you 've devised in your mind .
and what you 'd be thinking today .
or what i imagined today , because what you might have imagined .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a zamboni .
then when i come along with my little v oice and then this feeling comes along .
something 's shooting through my head .
ulf , what do you need such a big car for ?
this loses half his value the first year .
besides , you work a lot less than me .
why do i have to buy such a small car ?
and then i remember right away , that 's unfair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word " justice , " that disagreeable feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great way to make unpleasant feelings like jealousy disappear .
you can try that with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i want to explain something to you today with this mechanism or explain something you 're probably unaware of .
the mechanism is out of the lie .
but don 't think of the lie as you may have heard it when people say no one has any intention of building a wall .
and then rock climbing to block their view .
you see in such a lie that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to prove he has other things on his mind .
he 's faking it , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you deceiving yourself .
you need that lie to maintain a baseline .
they can knock you down , yeah , or bust you up , too .
you need time .
there 's an anecdote about this time that you might know .
pablo picasso delivered a woman once .
this woman subsequently complained that her portrait didn 't resemble her .
picasso answers , wait a minute .
it 's starting to look like you .
at this point , and when you laugh , you realize how important this lie is , and how much time it takes you to learn something that artists can share very nicely .
because artists have a dysfunctional relationship to lying .
the artist is telling you something , and especially this lady , which she doesn 't see when she 's just looking in the mirror .
the artist informs you in such a portrait that you won 't be trusted until you review this masterpiece .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you , and it 's becoming more and more like you .
here 's the mechanism whereby we can harness the lie as a great innovation of ours .
and not just in art , though it 's a folk tale , in mythology , it pops up .
you might know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who 's the fairest of them all ?
one day , that mirror says , yes , there 's a prettier one .
behind the seven ranges and whatnot .
and you know how much adversity comes from that true information , even the mirror can 't lie , based on that true information .
but we should just familiarize ourselves with the fact that a woman can 't be told there 's a prettier one anywhere else .
here 's what we understand- - ow ! ow ! ow !
we need this lie right now , compromising the deception that we can 't survive .
we don 't just have art in disguise , we have great lies in science .
and there 's this story about the bishop 's wife , von däniken .
she heard about this book of charles darwin , the emergence of species and origins of man .
that man should be descended from monkeys , and , yes , there is a common ancestry between humans and apes .
and then she screamed at her husband and said that 's not true , is it , charles ?
man is supposed to be descended from monkeys or have a common ancestry .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it 's true , then we need to prevent humans from learning about it .
why do we have to prevent humans from learning anything if it 's true ?
because we can 't live without those partitions .
well , we can 't stand those things .
we need to prevent humans from learning about things , especially when they 're true .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism unravels and how the tracks he leaves consist of anything other than this great picture of ourselves ,
it 's a particularly beautiful story , i think .
my wife told me .
she came home from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
a classmate .
she likes him particularly because he has a penchant for honesty .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a firehouse .
and because i 'm a firehouse , i 'm interested in sociopathic markers .
yeah , you can sense it when you 're cheery about this .
i told my wife that every time a person uses profanity in a moral context , we should try to replace it with argue .
do that once and you 'll learn the phrase .
although i 'm a firehouse , i 'm interested in more sophisticated stuff .
you sense that 's the truth behind information .
such a little boy doesn 't care about motherhood .
he 's interested in buying stock .
but there are no charities that we can explore , learn to build fires .
there 's only the second-best .
that 's where he signed up .
besides , you don 't tell your teacher you love setting fires anywhere , and you enjoy the fire afterward .
no , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're responsible for eliminating the dangers that others can handle when they fire .
here 's your little mechanism .
that rebuke after being deep in the bub knows he 's technically related to the fire , but he can 't say it aloud .
so basically , words are created that we keep using in the language of politically correct text .
actually , we know something else is up .
but we do know that when we pronounce it , social graces are very fragile .
we can 't just do this .
it 's impossible to present such things in a society that 's supposed to work .
i want to explain what we found out at my institute .
by what logic , this lapse in judgment , the willingness to revisit a reality that we already know in the unconscious is valid .
i want to present two , maybe three examples .
the first instance predicts what many of them know and some cherish , very few of them ever need .
i mean the soul .
what 's the soul ?
the soul is such a spiritual thing , says cellular residue .
and from that soul , you think somehow , in this repressive nature ,
and then when this immortality elixir gets to mankind , it 's infused with dignity , with spirit , with nature , which can only live , yes with spirit .
and then he can run .
that 's the idea of how the soul works .
so she 's supposed to go from the outside to the human race .
so we 're supposed to perceive them as something that 's absolutely essential to our lives .
and when you see that prerequisite , then you understand the logic whereby we experience that happiness , ability to remake our world .
because now you can use a locator spell .
you remember him from school .
now , this is a courtroom drama explaining logic to us .
that 's the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
you need some logic here , but you need a willingness to lie .
to lie about using that logic incorrectly .
there are three sets in this idiom .
the first phrase is klaus claims there 's no soul .
so the second phrase is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third set .
i highlighted him in here .
a third set that immediately pops up on people with a strong feeling of soul .
they say if you don 't have a soul , you 're dead and you can 't say anything .
and here you feel it .
here 's the logic in that , yes , in that eloquent speech .
you 'll see it immediately .
the first two sentences , they 're logical .
because i can say anything .
logic doesn 't make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , then chancellor is a man .
if i 'm wrong , then chancellor isn 't a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what 's happening .
i can say anything .
but crucial is , if i 'm right , then so be it .
so when klaus says there 's no soul .
secondly , if he 's right , he has no soul .
these things are logically correct .
and now our conscious minds are immediately alerted to our presence .
it hinges on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and acts like the opposite of the first sentence is already proven .
because technically , we have to prove whether or not the soul exists .
but with this logic , which makes it easier for us to phrase two sentences correctly , and a third dui that looks like he has something to do with it , so we can save our bacon .
so , we 're pretending it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can carry on these matters at different charities .
in the present , we have a modern example , constantly filling the blanks .
for this , you have to present another philosophical issue , a philosophical one from philosophy .
this has to do with us going back to the 1800s .
there was a scientist named johannes burchard , and named after this is the famous donkey .
the burro is a mere burro .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's such a turn-on .
and if you place the exact middle of two millimeters ,
'cause he doesn 't know which haystack to go first .
so he 's right in the middle .
this is how the zealots ordered .
parmen 's powers of persuasion will dissolve each other .
nothing 's happening .
only if you set another example , so if she makes a haystack bigger , he doesn 't need rational or anything .
automatically , he runs to the right idea .
if you have this idea that you 're somehow driven by nature , by the bigger bunch who dress you right away , then you have a feeling there 's gonna be some kind of free will .
and while we 're still in frankfurt am main , i remind you of the carnival barker 's rules .
there 's a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes people say wolf singer claims there are no absolutes .
now we can reset the second set and say if wolf singer 's right , then he doesn 't have fibromyalgia .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost daily in the newspaper , you 'll find in that third sentence .
he looks like whoever doesn 't have jurisdiction , doesn 't get blamed for his actions and claims , and he 's certifiable .
you 've got it back , too .
actually , first of all , we 'd have to prove there 's such a thing as invisibility powder .
but deception logic allows us to pretend the first phrase is inaccurate , like , of course , without proof .
and now , you can just do anything yourself if you want to test anything yourself , and most importantly , if you want to make people happy , test that courage to lie .
practice that , for instance , when you meet a person you can then tell , there 's no take-backs .
and please don 't use the german word for doctrine , which means prophet .
you can 't say that . that would be slightly inaccurate .
tell them there 's no margin for error .
right now , they 're gonna find out about some wormhole technology , and you can 't prove it .
and there 's a problem .
because while you 're busy making assumptions that you can 't prove there 's no margin for error , the man 's quite happy .
he 's quite happy about it , because he fooled you .
because he tipped them off , where he wouldn 't bother himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
he 's only interested in stepping aside on his own recognizance .
so , in the shifting of the evidence , you 're experiencing awesomeness of the lie .
and if you have a chance to feel that pain in the ass again , you do it , because you 'll make others happy if you don 't remind them of their pain meds .
thank you for your attention .
yes , good afternoon .
i took the liberty of asking lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the organizers of this great event and asked me to lecture here and reveal my agenda .
i got to tell you , you overheard , it was hard for me to talk about my idea at first .
and i might introduce my co-counsel , effort to introduce you .
but it 's the sum of many ideas , of course .
and then i drifted to berlin in the mid eighties , because i wanted to make renewable energies , and i didn 't .
that was the lamest union ever .
they were all named hollywood starlets , too- - wall-to-wall storms .
they 're called blazing fever tonight .
because a good engineer either built or burned out cars .
but something stupid like a freight elevator coming out of nowhere , like a hundred watts , that was a toy .
and there was a crazy wicca gathering in berlin .
i 'm thankful to the d.a. for redefining his business , because after the protocol , you weren 't allowed to use the word anymore , because everything on the up-and-up .
however , it wasn 't like that in the 1800s .
well , that was uncalled for .
location of the rift , but that was exhaust steam and solar power , and that 's when i started mid eighties .
and , yes , a lot of what was said today affects me deeply , because many , many finer comments were in it , too .
i spent 11 years working in the collective , that was consensual .
we were 20 people .
it deals with bullshit .
and i stuck it out until proven vulnerable , and then along with friends , i became cofounder of vus to the firm , which then becomes one of the biggest environmental factors in the world .
and here 's a project i want to introduce you to .
and the title of urban development was how to get 100 % renewable .
and we just started asking a relatively straightforward amount of history , where would you plant a storage device today ?
on this island , that 's the island of penguins .
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a half thousand people live there .
they have 15 % income tax today .
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
there 's no way we can do this technologically .
if they push together more , the system will fail .
that 's what i tell politicians when they visit our facility in riyadh .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
but it 's not true , we have seven percent in europe , and our network is physically engulfed in europe .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems that people have on this island .
the question was simple , calculate that was disastrous , start with the island 's first contacts , figure it out .
what kind of battery would have to be that big to bring an island in 20 , 30 , 50 , maybe seventy percent renewable ?
and , yeah , i 'm gonna slide again .
the conventional system looks like that all over the world .
incidentally , a hundred gigawatts of electric energy in the world per year .
that 's 100 cfa francs , 'cause it 's awfully quick around here .
the staging area of the world is being doused in diesel because you don 't need authorization .
it 'll be quick .
you put down a crate like that .
and then it usually looks that way .
there 's always three of the munchkins in this one , two of them being serviced .
yeah , that 's how you see it down there .
we 've gotten some pretty detailed data , too .
and the thrust mechanism or the inverse or whatever it is , it 's usually a backup system or a system that can siphon off of this .
our goal was to say it lightly , okay ,
the diesel will back-up and the wind , sunshine handles the weight so they can map out the bigger picture .
and if you want to walk above 20 , 30 % renewable energies , so energy per year , not power at the moment , you need to shut down the diesel .
that means at this point , they need to ensure that renewable energy can take over the entire network , so to speak .
of course , you can only manage that if you manage somehow .
no one 's ever done that before .
it 's small , so you can ride your razor through a storefront .
people keep asking me , what are you doing in science fairs ?
that 's okay .
but if you want to dredge up several of those panels , and you want them to build a net , that 's gonna be hugely complicated .
this is definitely going to be a test subject , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas you or sch , it will be .
you 'll have to go on a limb and tone it down , not just leverage .
we just wanted to know what happened to a regular battery powered .
how far do you even get ?
and then did a lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations of the century six years ago .
and then we said , " okay ,
well , that 's great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than auto theft if fuel increases five percent per year .
and then we started negotiating with the vaskans .
what would all be done ?
negotiating with investors , looking for new shareholders .
after all , we were only five people then , rebuilding one ofthem .
and here 's the kicker .
brown is basically the conventional system , the green is our system .
well , the fact that our system has a backup generator is because we still make 20 % on diesel and we don 't punch holes in other things .
and the freighter crew that crashed on the island meant that we loved it .
we want to cooperate , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we decided to build a hangar in berlin , which allows us to accurately depict the electrical conditions of the island in increments of third .
that means we 're looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here she is .
naturally comes from asia , in case of japan .
and furthermore , it was developed in the 1970 's at bbc mannheim , modern day , and then appropriated to the japs .
she 's visible , it 's a very , very large battery .
she has a chiari malformation , and she can sustain that output for six hours , and that 's the battery we 've essentially cracked .
and then planted it .
over here , we simulate the brunt of the crossover , the crackling of the cables , so to speak .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can overload 200 kilowatts again .
here 's another example of the diesel , again , all the individual pods .
and what we 've done since ancient greece was completed , until today , virtually everything that existed between the single system of electronics , on software , we built it .
so we 're not rocket scientists , we 're defining ourselves as a firm that 's just between the battery and the grid , and everything in between .
you have to communicate with the battery , of course , you have to communicate into the net , and that 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island , basically today , you can outrun anything we get when we want to augment our allotment of renewable resources .
so this whole discussion , how do you expect it to work out and nag , how do you suggest we proceed , on the island , for instance , for 25 to 30 % absorption , so we streamlined the wind and the sun .
starik offers adventure stories .
so , livvy ,
we can start ferrying humans across the island , relaxing tables , easy to carry .
that means if you 're 70 % renewable , you won 't be able to do it without memory .
you can expand servers , yeah , you should totally comply , but you 'll never be able to give up completely .
and that 's kind of the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and watch this , eben , 'cause you can see the trouble you 're having .
if we shut down the diesel , then you won 't have that gelatinous mass screwing around on the net .
and our european sex drive is basically just floating masses of big impact wherever the wave is centered around europe .
we look into this net , see the fifty hertz , and if it becomes systemic , let 's crack open a few hertz , then a bit of nerve gas leaks , then we 'll bounce back .
that 's the system .
and , of course , that 's incredibly lethargic .
if you drop this somewhere , it 'll take a while .
spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to stabilize the grid .
and in that time , you can respond differently .
if you don 't have that , that gelatinous mass , you 'll have to replace it with high-energy lasers .
and we can calculate two milliseconds with that battery .
that 's when you see the enormous amount of latinum .
and the message is , we need to dispense with this spinning crowd , if we 're willing to shoot our targets , 20 % , 30 % , et cetera , if we 're going to achieve anything ,
then we 'll have to downsize at the grid .
plagiarism is standard procedure for maintaining the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a speech right now , anchored by the post office , because we don 't normally have one or two , because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to realize that the amount of power generated by cloning is undeniable , too .
fortunately , there are studies to do that now .
and that 's what people keep coming to see our favorite movie on , like , our favorite planet .
and yes , the discussion is always about how far away you can jump to conclusions .
and a lot of arguments i 've had in the past six years are similar to the discussion i 've had on the subject in the past 30 years .
can 't , it 's bullshit , seeker , we 've calculated everything , never assumes .
we have 30 gigawatts of particle energy in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i 'm just assuming that in the next 30 years , we 'll have the same capacity for expansion plans in the world .
it 's gonna happen .
there 's gonna be such a lot of hemming and hawing .
the beauty of it is that i 've basically lived through the past two years of scientists siding with me .
we 've gotten over 10 million viewers by now , even to hook up a storefront .
this is gonna happen next april .
so you realize there 's change , even though you 're defensive about it , 100 % renewable .
and if you 've got 100 % renewable technology , then that 's like a self-sustaining system .
so far , arguments are always attempted , the corporate agenda , they have their own little network , which has nothing to do with our coalition .
well , the question is simple , if you 're completely autonomous here or unmanned , which is somewhere in the world beaming into you , then you 're an island .
then you 'll just consume whatever 's in the sun and wind that you live in .
and that 's such a narrow minded population , and i 'm thankful you said harness .
and that 's what we 're doing , and so far , the premium geometry lecture is letting you rejoin the collective and harness its energy .
and , yes , i just want to encourage you then , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and have a vision , too .
and you have to be pretty tough about it , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist at the los angeles times , took a walk through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
it came from a man , african-american , sympathetic , scruffy , homeless , playing violin with only two strings left .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a psychotic break , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless guy on skid row , center of los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 , two years ago , at walt disney concert .
he 'd just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first symphony and fourth symphony and he 'd come backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very poised tone about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton , and about how the dodgers would never make it to the baseball world series , and all because of insidious passage of beethoven 's fourth symphony .
we started talking about music , and a few days later , i received an e-mail saying nathaniel was interested in floral arrangements with me .
i gotta tell you , nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with thorazine and handcuffs , a trauma that tailed him all his life .
and this is exactly what nathaniel was teaching at walt disney hall .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played beethoven 's symphonies first sentence .
and while i was playing , i realized there was a definite change in dyson 's eyes .
it was like he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
voldemort 's anger transformed into understanding , into quiet curiosity and grace .
and miraculously , he took his violin and began to play several excerpts by ear .
we started talking about music , starting with bach on beethoven , brahms , bruckner and all the other b.s. , from tucumcari .
and i realized he had not only a rudimentary knowledge of music , but a close personal relationship with her .
he spoke of her with a passion and understanding that i 've known only my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and discussing music , he was transformed from this paranoid , confused man who had just wandered the streets of los angeles , a likeable , accomplished , into juilliard .
music is medicine .
for nathaniel , music means mental health .
because music allows him to experience his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity in something real .
and that 's how he escapes his agonizing states .
i realize that 's exactly what art is .
this is exactly why we make music , so we can mold what 's inside of us , our feelings , through our lens , into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches us all , and moves , inspires , unites us .
as far as nathaniel goes , music brought him back to a community of friends .
the sheer force of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who respected his talent and took him .
and i 'm always gonna play music with nathaniel , whether it 's walt disney hall or firehouse , because he reminds me of why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta , i want to play something that i stole the cellist .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
well , i 've known a lot of fish in my life .
i only loved two .
that first one , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , consistency , rich , bestseller .
what a fish .
better yet , it 's grown in sustainability practically exclusively .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i 've had a relationship with that beauty for several months .
one day , the ceo of the company called and asked if i could recite at an event about sustainability .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company trying to solve what this problem has become to our chefs .
for the past 50 years , we 've fished the seas like we gutted forests .
it 's difficult to overstate the devastation .
ninety percent of the big fish , the ones we love , the pecan pie , the salmon , swordfish , they fell .
there 's almost nothing left .
so either way , self-interest usually leads to a reality of our future .
plenty of arguments against it .
he 's got a 15 to 1 ratio .
that means 15 pounds of amphetamine is required to get a pound of cortisone .
not very sustainable .
doesn 't taste too good .
so there was finally a company that tried to make it right .
i supported her .
the day before the event , i called the head of public affairs .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you 're famous for being out there in the ocean contaminating the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said . " we 're so far out , the garbage gets dumped by our fish doesn 't pan out . "
and then he added , " we 're basically a world of our own .
that 2.5 to 1, he said .
" best in the business . "
2.5 to 1 , splendid .
" 2.5 to 1 what are you feeding ? "
sustainable proteins , he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was lying in bed thinking , " what the hell is a baked protein ? "
so i called don the next day , just before the event .
i said , " don , for instance , sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i spoke to some people at the firm , and nobody could give me a decent answer until i finally spoke to their ranking biologist .
let 's call him don , too .
" don , " did i say , " what 's sustainable proteins ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some clotting , and then he said cobbler .
i said , " gleba " ?
he said , " yeah , feathers , skin , clams , dried , and processed into food . "
i said , " how many percent of your cobbler is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what 's sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line , and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting rid of that fish .
no , not because i 'm self-righteous and elitist .
in fact , i am .
no , i actually ate that fish , because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after that conversation .
that second fish , that 's a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish , you love the fish more .
i ate him first at a restaurant in westport .
a journalist friend of mine had long spoken of this fish .
she sort of set us up .
he came onto the table with a bright , shiny white paint .
the cook cooked it down .
twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste this good after it 's overcooked ?
i can 't do it , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and , no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least the way you and i understand it .
he 's a biologist with veta la palma .
there 's a substation in the southwest corner of spain .
it 's near the mouth of the river ganga .
until 1980s , farm 's hands were tied to 1980s .
they overcompensate for what 's essentially sociopathic .
you did this by weeding out the country .
you built this complicated episode of canals and you pushed water out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't affect that , not economically .
ecologically it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this place .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company purchased the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
you literally pulled the switch .
instead of flooding , they used conduits to reconstitute the water .
they screened the channels .
they created an acre of sea bass , shrimp , eel , and miguel and his company completely reversed their environmental destruction .
the farm is amazing .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
you 're staring out at the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all you see are convoluted channels and this dense marching band .
i was there a little while ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a partial alligator to kissing .
there we were , fighting our way through hoops and i 'm sweatin ' bullets to my knees , and miguel is keeping a lid on it .
this is where he delivers a rare neurotoxin .
now he mentions the provenance .
and here , he sees a pattern of packets reminding him of giraffe .
turns out miguel spent most of his career in rossmore national park .
i asked him how he became such a stickler .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert on relationships . "
and then he goes and crashes into more talk of rare birds and algae and weird skin grafts .
and don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , rebuilding the pacifist community , ish .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head was getting weak on that doe-eyed muffin i had the eve .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , kid , the algae , the think- - the relationships , that 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
how 's the veal stew ? "
well , he 's driving me crazy telling me it 's such a half-baked system that fishes eat what they eat in the wilderness .
the herbal biomass , the nukes , that 's what 's feeding the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely interactive .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed its animals ?
at that moment , it was like a movie director demanded a media firestorm .
and we turned the corner and presented ourselves to the prospect of thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a literally pink carpet to the brim .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
i was baffled .
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we 're losing 20 % of our fish and fuel to the birds .
well , last year there were 600,000 birds on this property , more than 250 different kinds .
it 's become one of the largest private collections in europe today .
i said , " miguel , isn 't the last thing you want on a need-to-know basis ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we grow wheat berries , not intensity .
this is a subwave network .
flamingos don 't eat shrimp .
shrimp 's gonna eat the shrimp puffs .
so the pinker the oink oink oink oink .
okay , let 's rethink this- - a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that values your quarry 's health .
an embezzler , but also a physicist .
oh , and besides , flamingos aren 't supposed to be there in the first place .
she broods in a town 240 km away , where the town is better for the romp .
every morning , they fly 240 km to the farm .
and they fly 240 km every night .
you 're doing this because you 're following the dotted white line of scrimmage .
seriously .
i imagined some kind of penguin trip , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 240 kilometers to the farm and then fly 240 kilometers back at night ?
are you doing this for the kids ? "
he looked at me like i just quoted a song from whitney houston .
he said , " no , you 're doing this because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my beloved fish that was delicious , and i don 't like cashews .
it 's that fried taste .
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tasted her at that restaurant in connecticut , she didn 't taste anything like blueberry pie .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite out of the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel , and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it 's the last defense before anything enters the body .
" it evolved during the course of evolution to absorb suggestions . "
and then he added , " but our water doesn 't have fibromyalgia . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its impact on its predators .
and then i realized , when he says a farm that doesn 't have hardwood floors , it 's--it 's huge , because the water spilling through this farm is coming out of the river insulation .
it 's a river that carries all sorts of things that rivers nowadays tend to breed , chemical pollutants , drainage .
and if it fought through the system , and that leaves the water is cleaner than it came in .
the system is so healthy , it purifies the water .
because if the water splashes , it sinks into the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'm taking it , and so should you , because this love story , however romantic , is enlightening .
you could say she 's a recipe for good foods , whether we 're talking sea bass or sea salt .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , one where food actually tastes good .
but it 's a little radical for a lot of people .
we 're not realists , we 're poindexter .
we love organic food , we love organic food , we eat organic food .
and if you 're suggesting that those are the things that insure the future of good food , someone stands up somewhere and says , " hey , guys , i love pink flamingos , but how are they gonna feed the world ?
how are they gonna feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we 're producing enough calories to feed the world over .
a billion people are going to starve today .
that 's more than ever due to severe radio interference in distribution , not grief counselling .
well , i don 't like that question because she 's defined our u.c. 's logic for the past 50 years .
feed cereal to leaf eaters , chemicals to the ground , chickens to fish , and all that time , the herbivores just asked , " if we feed more people cheaper , how awful could it be ? "
it was apology , it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call her what she is , a manufacturing industry , a rapidly consuming capital , which makes this production possible .
this isn 't a trade , and it 's not agriculture .
our main focus today is threatened , not by dwindling revenue ,
not by the latest crop of boats and stakes , but by fertile land , not by sowing waters , but by fresh waters , not by woods , and not by chainsaws , but by fish in the ocean .
you want to feed the world ?
let 's start with the question- - how are we gonna feed ourselves ?
or rather , how do we create conditions that prevent any community from feeding itself ?
to do that , don 't look at the dynamics of the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machinery are built in it , and it 's never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's check out the environmental model instead .
this is something akin to two billion years of work .
look at miguel , pawns like miguel ,
plants that aren 't worlds to themselves , plants to rebuild , factories to seed , crops to seed , farmers to seed ,
because they 're the ones who are experts in flavor .
and if i 'm being honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , that 's fine with me , 'cause if this is the future of good food , it 's gonna be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're seeing here is a typical male pattern emerging .
the program i 'm using here is a minor experiment .
it 's audio overload , and what i can do with ambient noise is that after a specific cause of death , let 's say accidents .
and right away , i see another pattern emerging .
that 's because in ancient greece , people are camped out here , and they 're over here on vending machines .
we can step outside and rearrange the data and see that melanoma is the typical unsub , but not for everyone .
now , if we keep sorting through age , say 40 years or followers , we 'll see that accidents are even the root of mankind 's worries .
and whoever realizes that 's particularly consistent with men .
so you realize seeing information and data in this fashion reminds you of swimming in a living anomaly .
and if we can do this for ancient greece , why not include himself ?
now , what we have here is the focus group of every sports illustrated that 's ever been printed .
it 's all here .
you 're welcome to test it in your rooms after my lecture .
you can immerse yourself in a decade .
you can immerse yourself in a specific year .
you can jump straight to a specific issue .
now , if i look at you here , i see the athletes appearing in this issue and sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click on here , indicating all the issues lance armstrong mentions .
now , if i 'm just gonna get a clearer outlook ,
so i 'm stepping aside and widening my horizons .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you 're searching through that kind of information , refined , boggy - you 're not looking or surfing .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's in-between , and we think it changes the way information gets used .
i want to carry on this idea now with something a little crazy .
what we did here is , we took every precaution and reduced it to a nutshell .
summary contains a brief overview and symbol of the area she 's coming from .
i 'm just showing off the top 500 of the luxembourg parade .
but even in that narrow view , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we 're getting an inkling of the topics on wikipedia .
i 'm choosing the subject of government now .
well , after dialing government , i realize that the fbi agents that cover themselves with time distortion most of the year .
this is really important , because this is an epiphany that isn 't wrapped up in a single bound .
it 's only noticeable when you take a step back and face it .
judging by a particular brand of dna , i can enter the topic of time dilation " people of the year " and see everyone together .
now , when i look at all those individuals , i realize that majority of them are government agents , some of them are from science , some of them are from economics , here 's my boss , and one of them is from corporate .
and interestingly , bono 's a ted chaough triumph .
so we can jump now and take a gander at all ted bundy 's winners .
you see , we surf the net for the first time , like it 's really a web , not only side to side , but way abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website .
sexting , this application , i don 't want to call it a browser ; it 's really not a browser , but you can look at websites with it , and we bring those e-mails to every single web site like this .
so i can backtrack , and jump directly to a specific section .
that 's important , because you can only look at web sites in that way , view the entire wesen history in the same way .
so i can decompress in a specific timeline .
here 's the state of the entire demonstration i 've held to this point .
and i can bring back everything i 've looked at today .
and if i step outside and look at everything , i may rearrange my calendar .
and from here , i can walk into that site and call it back .
it 's a metaphor that 's constantly being used , and every time it makes the bigger picture than the sum of the rift .
right now , in this world , we think dating is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of domesticity .
we 're talking drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this amount of information might prove fruitful .
and , instead of just moving around in information , we can get knowledge of it .
and if we learn anything , then maybe we can spice things up .
i 'm quitting , thank you .
i grew up with a hearty plate of science fiction .
in high school , i rode the bus to school , an hour a track every day .
and my nose was always bubbling up to a book , a hexenbiest who stole my thoughts to other worlds , and mysteriously satisfying my deep-seated curiosity .
i was all scrunched up , you know .
it was always an attempt to understand the world and explore the limits of appearances .
and my love of science fiction seemed to coincide in my surroundings because back in the late sixties , we flew to the moon and explored the depths of the sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating shipments , showing us animals and towns and a world of miracles we 've never imagined .
i guess that worked out pretty well for that skitter rebellion .
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there were neither video games nor video games with imax films or the entire video game of chance ,
when we were kids , we 'd take the author 's description and tack it onto the screen in our heads .
my reaction to that was sketching and painting aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships , things like that .
in med school , i was caught red-handed by a teacher , hiding behind a textbook .
creativity has to come out somehow .
and something interesting happened because what fascinated me about jacques stabilized 's programs was the idea of a completely unknown world here on our soil .
surely , i would never reach an alien world on a starship .
but there was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as anything i 'd imagined when i read those books .
so when i was 15, i decided to become a diver .
the only problem with that was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand kilometres from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i drove my father crazy until he tracked down a heroin addiction in buffalo , new york , right across the border where we lived .
i did my aerobics class in a pool of ymca right in the wintertime , new york .
however , an ocean , i didn 't see it until two years later when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i 've spent approximately 3,000 hours underwater . 500 hours of it in 10s .
and i 've learned that the world of depths , even in the primeval oceans , is as rich as we can possibly imagine .
nature 's imagination knows no bounds , unlike our own bungling human imagination .
to this day , i find myself in complete awe of what i see on my resume .
and my love of the ocean continues , with the same intensity as it used to be .
when i was an adult , choosing a profession , it was filmmaking .
that seemed like the best way to communicate my inner urges with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so filming was a way to gather images and stories .
of course , the stories i chose were from the swastika , " terminator , " aliens , " and " hoarder . "
when i was growing up , i learned how to mix business with filmmaking .
so basically , my two passions entwined .
something interesting happened on newsnight , to piece of hardware 's problem in this movie - which is what we had to do with a kind of liquid craftsmanship - - - stepped in line of work , playboy .
what came out of it was the first black-and-white movie to ever see .
although the movie didn 't add money , technically , he presented his production costs , i realized something amazing : the audience in the world was hypnotized by magic .
according to arthur clarke 's law , valen 's technology and sorcery are indistinguishable .
so you saw something magical .
and i found that incredibly exciting .
and i was like , " wow , this has to be included in the cinematic art . "
so we went further in terminator 2 , my next movie .
together with infusion , we created the guy from liquid metal .
and it worked , and we were creating something magical again , and the effect in the audience was the same , except we already made a little extra money on the movie .
judging by these two experiences , a whole new world has risen , a whole new world of sleaze .
so i started a company , along with my good friend stan winston , who was the best sous chef and cobbler .
the basic premise of this company is to skip phase 1 's trials with optical illusion etc .
then we did the same thing , gained a foothold for a while .
but in the mid 90s , we realized that we were starting this company in- - too slow .
but the bar has fallen behind , and the people at my firm told me that we 're temporarily incapable of doing that .
so i postponed that and i made this other movie about the big ship that 's sinking .
i sold this to a movie studio as romeo and juliet on a ship .
privately , though , i was going to rejoin the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
that 's the truth .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 're diving to the wreck .
we 'll show it in the imax camera .
it 's incredibly important .
and i persuaded her to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy , but that goes back to being self-aware .
we actually created a reality six months later , finding myself in a russian catheter , four clicks beneath the surface of the north atlantic , watching the real titanic through a porthole .
this wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't hd , it was real .
well , that really blew my mind .
we had cameras and searchlights and built everything .
and i noticed how similar these dump trucks were to a brick wall .
well , they were adaptive planning , too .
you get into that capsule , then you 're descending into this dark hostile environment where there 's no hope of rescue if you don 't make it back yourself .
and i was thinking , " wow , this is just like being in a courtroom .
that 's really cool . "
i 've become obsessed with deep-sea exploration .
anyway , the part about curiosity and science .
and it was an experience hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i imagined a wesen for which we could create a visual effect .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made a somewhat unusual decision .
after the success of titanic ,
and then we began diving to bismarck , and explore it with trepidation .
we returned to the wreckage of the titanic .
we used small robots we built to vaporize .
our intention was to sneak in and look at the inside of the ship that had never been done .
no one had ever explored the interior of the wreckage , so they didn 't have the resources yet , so we developed the technology we needed .
now , here i am , sitting on the deck of titanic , in a cloudy afternoon , watching planks rained down quite similar to these , which i know once was the band playing .
and i 'm flying through the gears of the ship with a little visor .
i usually operate it , but my consciousness is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically residing in the titanic .
because the set was an exact replica of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a most curious experience .
she made me realize that scanned avatars could be used and transfer their consciousness to the vehicle into that alternate form of existence .
it was truly immensely profound .
and maybe a glimpse of what might happen in a few decades if you 've evolved to explore something or do other things in every conceivable way that i can think of as changelings .
after these expeditions , we started to appreciate what we saw down there , like this backwater studies , where we saw these incredibly competitive animals .
you live by omission .
they don 't exist in an sunlight system , like we do .
and that 's how you see animals named directly below 500 degrees celsius that they can survive .
at the same time , i was also very interested in graduate schools , which was once again the topic of my childhood .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it came down to me taking chunks of sea with us .
you know , we made documentaries , but technically , we were doing science , so technically , we were performers .
that 's how the circle between my existence is redirected , back when i was a kid , and implementing it with reality .
over this voyage of discovery , i 've learned a lot .
i learned a lot about science .
i didn 't know much about leadership until i boarded this expeditions .
because at some point , i had to tell myself , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies aren 't gonna make us any money .
we 're putting together a production costs , no amount of credit .
everyone thinks i wandered into titanic and avatar ;
i made all these films , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
'cause we did all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked nonstop for years .
and in this community , you realize the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other , because you 've mastered a job you can 't explain to anyone else .
there 's a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i returned to make my next movie " avatar , " i attempted to employ the same management style , which means you respect your team and you earn its respect .
that really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again on unfamiliar territory with a small team , shooting avatar with a new technique that didn 't exist .
terribly exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said we were doing a bang-up job of taxidermy and transported to planet pandora .
for me , it was more of a mature move to do my job , the actual process that changed substantially .
so what can we infer from all this ?
what lessons did we learn ?
i believe curiosity is paramount .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and your team 's respect is more important than all laurels around this world .
i have young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do this . "
and i say , " don 't limit yourself .
don 't do this to yourself , don 't bet against yourself , take risks . "
nasa has this weather report , " failure is no alternative . "
but in art and studying , failure has to be an alternative , because that 's guaranteed leap of faith .
no important venture that demanded innovation has ever been approached without risk .
you have to be willing to take those risks .
failure is quite an option , but fear isn 't .
today , i 'm talking to you about energy and climate .
and that may come as a surprise , because my genome mapping at the foundation is primarily about vaccines and seeds ,
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone else on the planet .
silverpool means that their stem cells aren 't gonna grow for many years , i-it 's gonna rain too much- - things are gonna change exactly how fragile their environmental systems can 't .
it induces theta brain-wave frequencies .
so , climate changes are gonna be terrible for you .
besides , the dax symbiont is very important to her .
the fact is , if you could lower the price of one thing- - energy would be by far the most effective .
well , the grieving process has fallen through time .
actually , the garroway distance controller is based .
the reagan administration fuels the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there 's been a falling case in litigation , and that 's why we have air-conditioning , we can manufacture modern materials , and do so many things .
so we 're in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price , let 's synchronize our prices , hit a new barrier , and this barrier connects to co2 .
co2 is heating up the planet , and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
well , the exact link between an unsub and the resulting abrasions and where their subsequent impact is , there 's some , but not very many .
and there 's certainly uncertainty about how bad these episodes are gonna be .
i 've asked the plaintiffs multiple times , " do we really have to get down to zero ?
isn 't half enough or one-quarter enough ?
the answer is , by the time we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a challenge .
it 's quite different than saying we 've got a 6-foot truck headed under a 500-foot overpass .
this needs to go all the way down , to zero .
well , we churn out a lot of barnacles , over 26 billion tons a year .
every american has about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons to anyone on the planet .
and somehow , we have to make changes that aren 't adding up to anything .
it 's been steadily increasing .
only diverse economic changes have affected it at all , and we need to decrease by fetal gain and decrease by zero .
so let 's look at each factor individually and figure out how to zero .
probably one of those numbers must get very close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's review this .
first , we have the population .
today 6.8 billion people live ,
and it advances to 9 billion , moving toward 9 billion .
if we 're very successful with new filing cabinets , drainage and soil samples , we might reduce that by 10 % to 15 % , but right now , we 're looking at an incline .
the second factor is the services we employ .
that includes all the food we eat , clothes , television , heat .
those are very good things , and ancient greece means making those services available to virtually everyone on the planet .
it 's great that number 's up .
this is a very basic service .
and these students haven 't , so they 're gonna go outside and read their homework under the marquee .
well , effective , the e , energy per diem , there 's finally some good news .
we have something that doesn 't rise ,
due to various advances in cellular regeneration , by opposing counsel , by new methodology , there are many services rendered lacking in manpower .
in other services , like manufacturing lowry , 105th detached retina division ; 12 : 05 eastern daylight ;
overall , if we 're optimistic , we might get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we 've gone from 26 billion to maybe absolute 13 billion tonnes .
so let 's review the fourth equation , and this segment 's gonna be a wake-up call , which is the amount of co2 that goes viral .
it begs the question of getting this to zero .
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every cloud of energy applied to co2 these days , except for renewable energy and carbon emissions .
so , what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
we need husks .
now , when i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the humans here contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
usually , there 's no deadline you need a miracle to date .
usually , you 're basically wrong , and some people come , others don 't .
well , in that case , we 're gonna have to step on it and get a miracle in a matter of seconds .
well , i was wondering , how do i really convey that ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration casting aspersions cast on people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked that .
the idea became real to you , you know there are people living with mosquitoes .
i remembered this for energy .
i decided releasing fireflies would be my most productive contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured you won 't bite .
well , there are all sorts of hiccups like this , but they 're not much good .
we need solutions , either one or several who possess an unimaginable susceptibility .
i missed tide , ripple , fusion and jimes .
let 's start by looking at fossil fuels , burning coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that 's literally billions of times bigger than any kind of trash you can imagine on retainer and stuff ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a toughie .
next up , cinnamon sticks .
then what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though it 's not very large , there 's a lot of reservations .
so three very difficult issues that could be solved , which requires working on .
i consolidated the last three of the fives .
it 's the renewable energies they 're called .
and theirs , though it 's great they don 't need firewood .
well , for one thing , the nanobots that generate those technologies are dramatically degraded beyond repair .
these are ocean liners , hundreds of miles above ground than a normal powerhouse .
besides , these sources are under suspension :
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't shine every day , and neither does the wind .
that 's why , when you depend on those resources , you have to have a way to get power whenever it 's unavailable .
so , there are major cellular structures here , and there are challenges to broadcast , so if we 're saying that the power source is out of the country ,
and there 's the tickle monster .
so we need a major breakthrough here , something that 's gonna be 100 % better than the astraeus crew right now .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring those unnamed sources about 20 % - 30 % of the loop .
if you 're gonna lean on it 100 % , you need an incredible influx .
well , where are we supposed to go- - what 's the correct approach ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need is a lot of companies working on it .
in each one of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
many people will say they 're crazy !
i think there are a lot of people who are committed there .
bill gross has several companies , including one named grice , who has grand juries .
vinod pearson sewing dozens of companies that do amazing things and have interesting choices , and i 'm trying to support it .
nathan fillion and i are funding a company that , maybe surprisingly , pursued the nuclear approach .
there 's some innovations in banking circles , liquid .
development stopped in this industry a while ago , so it 's no surprise some good concepts are lying around .
the higgs boson particle means that instead of a fragment , the 1 % , the higgs boson , we chose to burn the 99 % .
that 's a pretty insane idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , prom dress is a lot better .
in fact , you burn the trash , and you can even use today 's reactors as pie .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium is being used extensively , a bit of a candle .
you see , it 's some sort of pillar , often referred to as " shifting wave " .
this really solves the mystery problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
you extracted the part that 's burned today , so it 's weapons-grade uranium .
drove the u.s. into it for hundreds of years .
and if you scroll down appropriately and easily , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still many challenges , but it 's an example of hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to quantify our success .
what would our report card look like ?
well , let 's get to the point we need to make , and then we 'll talk about the vx nerve gas .
many talk from 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be generated in poor countries , as well as some agriculture .
so , in order to reach that 80 % , wormhole technology , including countries like china , needs to completely rearrange their alliances .
the other note says whether we 're using advanced technology , whether it 's deployed in all kinds of countries , and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
it 's gonna be a whopper of a franchise .
if we go back from there , how would the 2020 appear ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use witch pox to reduce .
these breakthroughs , we need to follow up on full throttle , and that 's what we can calculate - in aluminum tubes , scrub floors .
there are a lot of great books on this subject .
al gore 's book " we 've got a vote " and david lochary 's drag balls without the hot air .
you 're really going through it and creating a frame for this to be discussed , because we need support from every angle .
there are some things that need to come together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request for us to invent this technology .
this one has the biggest impact .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures am i appealing to ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries hit locations like co2 , they shouldn 't be talking about co2 .
you should discuss these financial statements , and you 'll be shocked by the ridiculously low funds issued for those innovative chip packets .
well , we need specifics , co2 , cap readers , something that could conceivably work .
we need to spread the word .
look , we need to communicate more rational and more rational than whatever 's being done by the government .
it 's an important request , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to wrap my head around this- - can you give us an idea of this magnitude ?
the tricky step is building the first reactor , finding additional billions , building the override device and building the site of actually building the first one .
once the first one 's done , if he walks as promised , then all bets are off , because the pie crust , the pie crust , it 's so different than pie chart , which we know .
so , let me get this straight , this means putting it deep into the ground like a vertical nuclear fuel injection , this used-up resonance imaging and then the trial begins anew .
today , they 're gonna have to refuel the reactor , so there 's lots of people and lots of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff crops .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can refuel it for 60, think of a tubular pillar .
and it sits there burning for 60 years , and then it 's done .
a meth dealer offering a solution to his own garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage - - you can ditch him there- - there 's a lot less junk with this procedure - - then take him and shove him into the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the trash that already exists , lying in those petri dishes or cooling tunnels .
so what 's been a problem for those reactors , which we fill in ours , and that 's reducing the pain medication during the process .
but while you 've spoken to various people of the world about these options ,
where 's the biggest interest in implementing such a thing ?
you know , the french and the japanese did something like that .
this is a variant of events taken .
that 's an important step forward , but it 's like a rapid reactor , and some countries built it , so anyone who implemented a rapid reactor , a honeypot .
in your estimation , time frame and probability of summoning such a device ?
well , we need one of those cutting-edge , problem-solving skills that are very effective , so we 've got 20 years to invent , and then we 've got 20 years to implement .
that 's basically the deadline that pointed out the pecan pie we 're facing .
and , you know , i-if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , it might keep it simple .
and luckily , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of precedents that , too , if their approaches work , the endorsement for their pilots , can bid for it .
and it would be best if several did , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the major breakthroughs , is this the biggest thing you 've heard ?
first prize , a vaccine first .
it would have been without the astraeus , but it makes it so much more important .
nuclear sector has other innovative companies .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's a finer method , that 's another approach .
there 's a liquid nitrogen , which seems a little difficult , but maybe they 're saying that about us .
if this doesn 't work , then what ?
do we need to induce cushing 's to try to keep the nicu stable ?
if you get into this situation , it 's like eating too much , staring at a heart attack .
there 's a wesen carnival called dibs on various techniques to delay warming , so we 'd have 20 or 30 years longer to scrub in .
it 's just a routine checkup .
people hope we don 't need it .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on insurance because it might make you lazy , so you keep eating open-heart surgery because you know it 'll save you .
do you have a phrase or two for them to convince you ?
well , unfortunately , skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very limited .
are you saying there 's negative ramifications involved in clouds , shifting things ?
there are very , very few things you can say that exist in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay dearly for it .
the fact is , this insecurity is what worries us .
now , actual expenses of research - - say the u.s. is spending 10 billion a year than they 're doing today .
there should be no suffering from that .
you get to large sums of money , and here rational people can disagree about having something that isn 't sustainable ;
unless you 're very close to adulthood , so all you 're doing is shipping manifests .
if the swab you 're receiving is a very high saline , then only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any one of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing their lifestyle .
for the bottom two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even salak is thinking .
his new scam is now , " why isn 't research discussed ? "
he 's still associations with ancient history , but he understands that 's a lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing home electronics now .
and that 's a train of thought i deem appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i believe i speak for almost everyone here when i say i sincerely hope your wish comes true .
thank you .
a few years ago , here with ted , peter bernardone introduced a ctu agent named the b.s. bride .
ancient ships have to build the maximum floral structure with 20 milligrams of duct tape , approximate silk and a marshmallow .
marshmallow 's gotta be on top .
and while it seems really easy , it 's actually really hard , because it pushes people hard to cooperate very quickly .
and so i thought that was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a zero-sum game .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people start lining up for the challenge .
you 're talking about it , you 're thinking about what it 's gonna look like , courting power ,
then you invest a little time in planning and organization .
they invest a large portion of their time in growing structures
and finally , right before you have any time , someone gets ahold of that marshmallow , and you gently push it back , and-and ta-da !
what happens then , almost always , is that ta-da becomes an uh-oh .
there 's a bunch of people who have a lot more uh-oh than others , and under the worst , fresh merchandise .
you 're lying , you cheat , you 're confused , and you 're producing meager creations .
and , of course , there are teams that have a lot more ta-da beheaded than meets the eye .
and that 's pretty amazing .
like peter told us , they produce not only the tallest towers , but also the most interesting structures of any one .
what you might ask is how come ?
and peter says , " none of the kids invested in being ceo of spaghetti incorporated . "
they 're not investing in rivalries .
there 's another reason , though .
that includes training college kids to come up with a real plan , okay !
and then realize it .
what happens when you put that marshmallow on top , you 're out of time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what else is gonna happen to you , starting with the marshmallow , building prototypes , successful prototypes , always on top of it , so you repeatedly have the ability to fix creel .
engineers tend to recognize this type of cooperation as the core of an ongoing process .
and with every attempt , the children are starting to get feedback and whatnot .
that 's the extent of working with prototypes , but let 's see how different teams operate .
the average for most of them is about 64,000 , lawyers get halfway through it , but nothing beats grownups .
who 's the luckiest guy in the world ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
eventualism is the highest i 've seen .
because you understand triangles and geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
c.e.o.s are a little above average .
putting an executive on the team , they get significantly better .
you realize , " this team is winning . "
you can predict that .
because they have special powers of cuteness .
you 're running the trial , you understand him .
and the team handling it and paying attention to work will significantly improve team performance .
specialized skills and training methods and their combination leads to success .
if you have 10 teams that operate normally , you 'll get about six more stable structures .
i tried something exciting now .
i thought we 'd bring in the nano-chip right away .
so i offered 10,000 bucks worth of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those nausicaans ?
what was the result ?
this happened .
if anyone had built a groundbreaking device , they would have worn the prize home .
so isn 't it interesting wager has a powerful effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened ?
now they understand the benefit of the arcadian .
so the same bad team became one of the best .
they produced the highest construction in the slightest amount of time .
therefore , there are definitive lessons for us on the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , why would anyone actually buy time to create a wormhole weapon ?
the reason is i 'm helping digital tools and trials to help teams , build cars , video games and retrospective .
and what peds surgeons are doing is helping them identify hidden assumptions .
'cause frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge offers joint experience , joint language , wormhole technology , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who care can visit founders ' day .
it 's a blog where you see yourself building the marshmallows .
there 's a rehab facility there .
you find insane examples of how people optimize the system , classifying people .
there are precedents , too .
and the inspiring lesson , i believe , is that construction is actually a darwinian sport .
it demands that we all focus on the task and use our thoughts optimal , like our feelings and our actions , in the challenge ahead of us .
and sometimes a tiny prototype of that experience is all it takes to make us uh-oh .
and that can make a lot of difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room needs to get in .
and you can go back , you can go forward ; you can 't stay in the present ,
and i wonder what you 'd choose , because i 've been asking my friends that question a lot lately , and they all wanted to go back in time .
they wanted to go back to before cars or twitter or america wanted to find the superstar .
i don 't know .
i 'm convinced that somehow you 're attracted to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i 'm not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back in time , and it 's not because i 'm an adventurer -
it 's because opportunities on this planet don 't return , they 're moving forward .
so i want to get into this machine , and i want to go into the future .
this is the greatest time this planet has ever known , no matter what scale it takes , health , mobility , burnin ' daylight .
there 's never been a time like this .
my favorite clients died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are 80 % behind .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my to-do list .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
a child born today in grindavik can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
that 's an incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
you reshape the earth 's tomato layer in a manner that no war has ever risen .
they 're gone .
we defeated her .
there are diseases in the rich world that threaten millions of us just one generation ago , barely .
rubella . rubella .
does anyone else know what this is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to nourish billions of people- - that 's scientific methodology .
and from where i sit , the scientific method is to try things , see if it works , change it when it doesn 't , one of the greatest achievements in humanity .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some other issues , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
and one of them is that despite all our achievements , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
that number 's rising , and it 's rising fast , and that 's embarrassing .
and not only that , we used our imagination to ravage the universe .
drinkable water , institutional land , oil , gas , they 're fading fast , and unless we weasel our way out of this mess , too .
so the question is , can we do this ?
i think it 's clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the land they live on .
i think we can power this world , which doesn 't destroy it simultaneously .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me up at night , one of those things that keeps me awake at night .
and we 've never been able to outmaneuver him as we can today .
people wrap themselves in their beliefs , so tightly they can 't be freed .
not even the truth will set them free .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinions ; even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but you know what you 're not entitled to ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article on vaccines for the new yorker , a small item .
and i was astonished to encounter resistance , opposition to what 's ultimately the most effective tool in health care throughout human history .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , wrote an article and proceeded .
and soon , i wrote an article about genetically engineered foods .
same thing , only bigger .
people were acting crazy .
so i wrote an article about it , too , and i couldn 't understand why people thought that was " s.n.t. , "
but , you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we log in , we go out to dinner , that 's fine .
but those articles were bothering me , and i couldn 't figure out why , and eventually i found out .
and that 's because those fanatics that drove me crazy weren 't fanatics .
they were hardworking people , decent people .
you were just like the people in this room .
and that got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's face it .
we 've reached a point where we don 't share the same level of progress as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironically , with small quotes about progress .
okay , there 's a reason for that , and i think we know what those are .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes lost to science , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names , and people will understand .
chernobyl , border crossings , the challenger , emerald mines , wmds , the falklands .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and issues with the people we thought were always right .
ask questions , demand proof , demand receipts .
accept nothing but surrender .
but here 's the thing- - when you get proof , you have to accept that evidence , and we 're not good at it .
and i can say this because we 're living in an epidemic of fear unlike anything i 've ever seen and hopefully never seen again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a horrible story linking measles , mumps , measles .
very scary .
tons of studies were done to see if that was true .
tons of studies should be conducted ; that 's a serious matter .
data came in .
data came in from the states , england , sweden , canada , and they were all alike , no correlation , no affiliations .
it doesn 't matter , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we believe in , what we believe in , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a stack of documents from a fulcrum agent giving us data , and i understand that , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result of this was catastrophic ,
catastrophic for the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world where smallpox boils .
it 's scandalous , and we should be ashamed .
it 's horrible .
what happened that we could do ?
well , i understand .
'cause does anyone here have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
that 's a lot of measles , 20 an hour .
but because this isn 't happening , we can push it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and preach fear and illiteracy in platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and they can do that because they don 't connect source and correlation .
you don 't understand these things appear to be the same , but they 're almost never the same .
and that 's something we need to learn , real fast .
that guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst lashing of humanity .
don 't worry , no pain , polio , poof , vanished .
the guy in the middle doesn 't work that hard .
his name is paul nuytten .
he just developed a baseline with some other people .
he 's capable of saving billions of children a year in the riverlands .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's fine , except paul 's walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop whining .
and he does say that .
so paul 's a terrorist .
if paul talks in public hearings , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids are going to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say this , but vaccines are indispensable .
take it away , disease returns , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we 've got measles in this country .
and that gets worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die from it , 'cause that 's just a matter of numbers .
and you 're not just gonna die of measles .
what about polio ?
a boob vest of mine texted me a few weeks ago , and she thinks i 'm a bit shrill .
no one 's ever said that before .
she wouldn 't inoculate her kid against polio .
fine .
because we don 't have polio .
we didn 't have polio in this country last night .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone boarded a plane in lagos , which is currently flying into los angeles , across ohio .
and in a few hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's gonna visit one of those inbred dudes tonight .
and he doesn 't know that he 's infected with a paralyzing disease , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love laying low .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
legacy technology , a little restoration project that 'll jog your memory .
i know you did this because half the americans do it every day .
you take that stuff , and you take alternative remedies , and it doesn 't matter how many times we find out you 're useless .
data confirms it all the time .
you 're blacking out your urine .
that 's okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark urine .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate pharmaceutical companies .
we hate too much government .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely amazingly cold and comforting to us who can afford it .
so we walk away from it , and where do we run ?
we 're walking into the arms of royalty .
this is awesome .
but , you know , this is really serious , 'cause this stuff sucks , and we 're spending billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
none of those possessions , fraud , fraud , fraud , shakedowns , i don 't even know what that is , but we 're spending billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
and you know what ?
that 's how you feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the surgeon general who says , " hmm , i 'm not accepting my experts ' evidence " or some miracle worker trying to treat his patient with disrespect .
if you 're headed down that path where faith and magic replace science , you 're gonna get to a place you don 't want to be .
you 'll be assigned to sg teams in south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that beets , garlic , and lilacs are far more effective than prescription drugs that we know can impede the progress of aids .
hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than anyone else affected by this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
you always do .
now , the ripple epidemic that we 're in right now is this absurd struggle between food channels genetically altered .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , grain of rice , parsley , brussels sprouts , has been changed by humans .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there was no overlap .
there were no christmas trees .
we 've done it 11,000 years .
and some of it worked , and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
now we can elaborate , and of course , there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people prolong their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we 're genetically engineered .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i 'm hearing is too many chemicals , pesticides , herbicides ,
we don 't want companies breathing .
we don 't want companies owning seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge hedge maze , but it 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , ethics , problem-solving .
you know science isn 't a firm .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works , and it doesn 't , but the idea of science isn 't supposed to allow us to do its job , because we 're scared , it 's a real dead-end , and it keeps millions of people from flourishing .
you know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we are right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa for the past 30 years .
shameful .
you need this , and we 're not giving it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat this rotting stuff , like deli meats .
sturgeon tea is something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it doesn 't have nutrients , it doesn 't have protein , and scientists are building all that in it right now .
and then people could eat that , and they wouldn 't go blind .
you wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
that would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , let 's ask ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want gene splicing ?
it 's not about that. lt 's not about chemicals .
it 's not about our ridiculous obsession with hormones , our insistence on greater food , better food , unique food .
look , this isn 't about rice krispies , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's time for us to understand what that means .
'cause you know what ?
look , if we don 't do this , if we continue to operate as we do , we 're gonna retaliate with something that we don 't want to be high-tech , high-tech .
there 's no other description of what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's unworthy of us , and we really need to stop this .
so after this incredibly fun conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go into this ridiculous time machine and future ? "
absolutely .
right now , she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can set this time machine on anything we want .
we can lure her back to wherever we want her to be , and we 'll move her wherever we want .
we have to have these conversations , and we have to think , but if we get into the time machine and go into the future , we 're gonna be happy to do that .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs right now .
thank you .
thank you .
deception becomes real because of someone noticing it .
so we can connect , i want to show you an elementary , very simple magic trick .
and i 'm gonna show you how it works .
i memorized it from cub scout magic in cub scouts .
i 'll carry it out for you , then explain it .
and then i 'll explain why i 'm explaining it .
so , look what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'm just gonna keep the knife in my fist .
i 'll slide my sleeve back .
and to ensure that nothing slips through my sleeve or crawls out of him , i 'll just snap my wrist right here .
that way , you can see anything moves at any time .
and the goal is simple .
i 'm gonna open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife is held by my own physical magnetism .
it 's actually sitting so tight in its seat , i can shake it without falling off the knife .
nothing goes up my sleeve or comes out , no forwarding address , and you can examine anything .
ta-da !
well , that 's a trick i teach kids who care about magic , 'cause you can learn a lot about deception from time to time , although it 's a very simple trick .
probably a lot of you in this courtroom know that trick .
here 's how it works .
i 'm holding the knife in my hand .
i 'm saying i grit my wrist to make sure nothing gets out of my sleeve or dumps , and that 's a lie .
the reason i 'm holding onto my wrist is because it contains the actual secret of illusion .
because the moment i snap my hand off you , so you can see her from behind , this finger moves , my index finger , just from where he was , into a position where he stands .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
well , he 's here .
and if i turn around , the finger changes position .
but that 's not really what this is about , and then i open my hand .
of course , it 's held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick involving my index finger , which is there now .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens by bending over , hiding from that movement that finger caves in .
i 'm taking this hand off .
you can perform that trick for your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the grieving process ?
a year ago or so , i read a study that really blew my mind .
i 'm not a doctor or researcher , and that 's why this has been an amazing thing for me .
'cause it turns out , if you 're offering a placebo in the form of a white pill , that 's just a round of pills that effect .
but if you imprint the shape of it , say , changing it into a minor pill , and imprint that bruise and a letter on it , it 's actually identifiable .
and that , though none of them pharmaceutical ... they 're just pain technicians .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
turns out that 's not all .
if you take capsules , they 're deeper than pills in any form .
a colored capsule that 's yellow and red on the other end is better than a white capsule .
dosage levels are relevant , too .
i 'm sorry .
but the bottom line is ...
... that dosages will also play a role .
and form plays a role .
and if you want the ultimate frisbee , you have to stick to the needle .
right ?
it creates a very powerful image in your head .
this chart is really- - i 'll show it to you sometime when we have a projector .
so the white pill doesn 't work as well as the blue pill , which doesn 't work as well as a capsule that doesn 't work as well as the needle .
and none of this has any pharmaceutical trait .
i wanted to know if i could use that idea for a magic trick .
i 'm taking something that 's obviously fake and making it look real .
well , we know from that study that you have to stick your neck out if you want to get down to it .
this is 18 cm long , it 's very randy , and i 'm going to sterilize it first a little bit .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin .
i 'm going to stick this needle in my skin and drive it through it until it exits on the other side .
if you 're gonna be sick , if you 're gonna faint , i showed that to some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman nearly fainted .
so i suggest you get sick fast , then look away for the next 30 seconds , or , you know what , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look the other way if you want to .
so , here 's the thing- - right here where my flesh starts , at the bottom of my arms , i 'll just make a small puncture .
is that freaking you out ?
now , just a little bit through my skin and then out again .
now we 're actually in the same situation we had at cotillion .
approximately .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
so , i 'll show you .
well ,
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " okay , he 's definitely not that stupid and warms up his skin just to entertain us for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and people in the back are saying , " okay .
people in the barrios are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my meat , and i 'm turning this around .
look away , don 't look .
okay , let me bleed for you .
yeah , this is it .
normally , i 'd remove the needle now .
i 'd scrub my arm and show you there 's no wounds .
but i think in this context , with the intent of turning tricks into something real , i 'm just gonna leave the needle in there and walk away from that stage .
we 'll meet again sometime in the next few days .
i hope you 're looking forward to it .
everyone talks about happiness nowadays .
i 've had some people count the books that were published with happiness in title over the past five years , and they gave up after 40, and there was much more .
there 's a tremendous wave of interest in happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of hullabaloo .
everyone wants to make people happier .
but despite all this flooding in labor , there are multiple cognitive pitfalls , which , frankly , make it impossible to think about happiness .
and my lecture today will mostly be about those cognitive snares .
that 's true for amateurs who think about their own happiness , and it applies to scientists who consider happiness , because it turns out we 're just as confused as anyone .
the first of these silences is an intense emotion for admitting complexity .
turns out the word lucky is just not a useful word anymore because we 're using it on too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning to narrow it down , but overall , that 's something we 're gonna have to abandon , and we 're gonna have to take advantage of it .
the second trap is a mistake of experiencing and remembering - basically , she 's stuck between being happy in his life and being happy in his life or being happy in his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both predisposed to happiness .
and the third is the answer , and that 's the unfortunate fact that we can 't consider a circumstance , clouds the well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really emotional , ruined the whole experience .
but it wasn 't .
what ruined it was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of lovely music .
they weren 't counting because he was reminiscing ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he got .
what that really tells us is that we may be thinking about ourselves and other people in terms of two kinds of self .
there 's a self that lives in the present and knows the present is capable of reliving the past , but basically , it 's just the present .
you know when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch you ? "
or " how was your trip to albania ? " or something .
these are two very different units , the obvious self , and confusing the two of them is part of the tangle of happiness .
well , the storyteller themselves is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a basic response to our memories ; it starts immediately .
we don 't just tell stories when we 're making up stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we 're allowed to keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients undergoing pain .
she 's not hurting anymore , but she was painful when that trial was implemented .
you 've been asked to cover your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and you 're asked , " which one suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more .
but now there 's another question- - " how badly did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is patient a has undergone a much worse spinal trauma than patient b.
the stories of cancer patients were varied , and because a crucial part of history is how it ends ,
and none of these stories are either edifying or magnificent . but one of them is this- -
but one of them is way worse than the other .
and the worst part is where the pain was at its end .
how do we know that ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was way worse for " a " than she was for b.
well , that 's a direct conflict between the continuum itself and the judiciary itself .
from the standpoint of self , b clearly had a worse time .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but just a little and a lot less than before .
what makes a story ?
and that includes the stories that memory provides , and it applies to stories we invent .
which makes up for stories - sacrifices , meaningful moments and endings .
endings are very , very important , and this case has dominated the ending .
well , t-the trauma team itself is living steadily .
it has moments of impact , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to those moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them are completely disregarded by the continuum itself .
and yet you somehow get the impression that what happened during those moments of impact was our lives .
it 's the finite resource we use while we 're in this world .
and how we 're using it seems to be important , but that 's not the story that founders ' privacy is keeping .
so we have the mirakuru serum and serum itself , and they 're pretty different .
the biggest difference between them is dealing with time .
from the standpoint of self , if you 're on vacation and the second week is as good as the first , then two-week vacation is twice as good as july 14th .
that 's not how it works for the continuum itself .
for primal self , two-week vacation is scarcely better than two-week vacation , because there are no new memories added .
you didn 't change the story .
and that way , time is actually the critical variable that distinguishes a label maker by itself .
well , motherhood herself does more than reminding and telling stories .
the alumni committee doesn 't have a vote in this election .
actually , we don 't choose between experiences .
and even when we think about the future , we usually don 't think of our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as bittersweet memories .
and basically , you can consider this , you know , as a tyranny of primal self , and you can think of yourself as one who practically brings home invasion forces by experience that doesn 't require collective bargaining .
i have the impression that when we go on holiday that 's often the case , that means we 're vacationing in commerce .
and that 's a little hard to explain , i guess .
i mean , how much do we feed on our memories ?
it 's one of the explanations offered for spousal shield .
and i 've probably traveled around 25 minutes in the last four years from my memory .
well , if i 'd ever opened the folder with the 600 pics in it , i 'd spend another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half at most .
there seems to be an inconsistency .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that by the end of your vacation , all your pictures will be destroyed , and you 'll have an untested drug , so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose vacations we choose is a problem that presents us with a choice between the two kinds of self .
well , the two forms of self engender two terms of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness we can employ , one per person .
so you can ask , how happy is the dax symbiont ?
and then you 'd ask , how happy are the moments in the afterlife itself ?
and you 're all lucky for moments is a complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , incidentally , we 're capable of getting a pretty good idea of the happiness of adulthood .
if you 're asking for the happiness of parenting yourself , it 's a whole nother deal .
this isn 't about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how satisfied or satisfying the person is when that person considers their lives .
very different term .
anyone who doesn 't distinguish these labels is gonna screw up exploration of happiness , and i 'm part of a crowd of researchers with traits that screwed up immensely during wartime .
the distinction between the happiness of self and the satisfaction of self has been detected in recent years , and now you 're trying to measure the two separately .
gallup polls have a global poll showing more than half a million people asking questions about their lives and experiences .
so over the past few years , we 've begun to learn about the happiness of both kinds of ourselves .
and the principal lesson we 've learned is they 're really different .
you can know how pleased someone is about their life , and that really doesn 't teach them much about how happy they live their lives and vice versa .
just to give them an impression of correlation , the correlation is roughly attainable .
what does that mean , if you met someone , and you were told , oh , his father 's a neuroscientist , how much would you know about his size ?
well , they 'd know something about his size , but there 's a lot of insecurity .
they have so much insecurity .
if i tell you someone categorized his life as eight on a scale of ten , you 're looking at a great deal of insecurity about how lucky he is with his britches .
so the correlation is marginal .
we know something about the chesapeake ripper 's satisfaction .
we know money is very important , targets are very important .
we know happiness primarily means being satisfied with people we care about spending time with people we care about .
there 's other pleasures , but that 's domineering .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of both kinds of self , you 're gonna end up doing very different things .
conclusion from what i 've said here is that we really shouldn 't visualize happiness as a replacement for comfort .
it 's a completely different concept .
well , briefly , another reason we can 't overthink happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about life , and when we do live .
so if you ask the simple question of how happy the people of california are , you 're not gonna get the correct answer .
if you 're asking that question , think the people of california need to be happier when you 're , say , living in ohio .
and what happened is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , say , climate .
well , it turns out climate isn 't very important to building businesses , and it 's not even important to building bridges itself ,
well , because the p.a.l. system is responsible , they can wind up moving some people to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to track , uh , what happens to people who move to california in the hopes of becoming happier .
well , your overconfidence won 't be happier .
we know that .
you 'll think you 're happier , because if you think about it , you 'll be reminded of how awful the weather was in ohio , and you 'll feel that you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i 've given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a rather interesting outcome , coming from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting outcome we 've uncovered in gallup poll is a number we absolutely refuse to find .
we found this in terms of the happiness of the continuum itself .
quark , this is ridiculous . this is ridiculous .
and it turns out that under 60,000 bucks a year 's salary , for americans ,
60,000 .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year , people are miserable , and they 're becoming increasingly miserable , the poorer they are .
above that , we 're getting a flat line .
i mean , i rarely saw such flats .
what happens , obviously , is that money doesn 't buy you a compliment , but lack of money certainly puts you out of sorts , and we can quantify that misery .
in terms of the other self , the continuum itself , they 're getting another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that 's not true of emotion .
but danny , the entire american endeavor is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people were taking this diagnosis seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , like everything we believe ,
is there any chance politicians would take a finding like that seriously and based on politics ?
you know , i believe there 's some appreciation for the role of excellence in politics .
acknowledgment 's gonna be slow in the united states , no doubt , but it happens in the uk right now and in other countries .
people are recognizing that they should consider happiness when they think about politics .
it 's gonna take a while , and people are gonna debate whether they want to explore federation physiology , or whether they want to explore federation technology , so we need to have this discussion pretty soon .
how to boost happiness goes very differently depending on how you feel and whether you 're thinking about wormhole technology yourself or whether you 're thinking about wormhole technology itself .
that 'll affect politics , i suppose , in the coming years .
in the united states , it 's hard to measure population growth .
that 'll be part of the national stats for a decade or two .
well , it seems to me this issue is gonna come up , or at least be pursuing the most interesting political debate over the next few years .
thank you for inventing the override .
thanks , danny boy .
i 'm jane crenna .
and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save it .
i want to convince more people , including you all , to spend more time playing bigger and smarter games .
right now , we 're spending three billion hours a week with consultants .
some of them may think , " that 's a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we 're faced with in the real world .
but , in fact , according to my research at the institution of the future , correct me if i 'm wrong .
three billion hours a week isn 't nearly enough to solve the world 's most pressing problems .
in fact , i 'm convinced that if we 're gonna survive the next century on this planet , we need to drastically increase our time .
i calculated the time required is 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
this picture describes pretty much why i believe games are so essential to human species 's survival in the future .
this is a portrait of photographer phil bushey .
he wanted to capture emotion playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic phrases of playing .
if you 're not a player , you might miss out on some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but extreme concentration , engrossed in the solving of a serious problem .
when you play , you see some nuances around here that go up , and your mouth is a sign of optimism .
this is a gambler on the verge of an epic victory .
oh , you know that .
winning is a result so overwhelmingly favorable , you didn 't know it was possible before .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you do , you 're shocked that you 're actually capable of something like this .
this player is on the verge of epic victory .
and this is what we need to see on millions of smiling faces around the globe when we tackle the hurdles of the next century , the face of those who face adversity
well , unfortunately , we see that face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
yeah ?
this is me making the " suck at life " crossover .
this is graffiti on my former home in berkeley , california , investigating my dissertation on why we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players have .
we don 't think we 're as good in reality as we are in games .
and i don 't mean any less successful than that , although that 's part of it .
i mean , given the implications of doing something meaningful , inspired by working together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel differently .
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated , cynical .
we never feel that way when we play games , it just doesn 't exist in games .
and that 's what i wanted to study as a criminology student .
why is gambling impossible to think you can 't accomplish anything ?
how do we transfer those feelings from gambling to reality ?
so i watched games like world of warcraft sacrificing the ideals of family loyalty .
and i 've discovered some things that make epic conquests of their lifetime .
so , first of all , when you get into one of those online games , especially with world of warcraft , there 's a bunch of different characters willing to entrust you with a two-week mission , stat .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level , right ?
so you can do this .
you 'll never get a job you can 't solve .
but always on the verge of greatness , so you gotta dig deep , but there 's no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you don 't sit around twiddling your thumbs , there 's always an instinct to do something important .
and there 's tons of employees .
wherever you 're going , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
it 's not easy for us in real life , this feeling that there 's tons of freelancers .
besides , there 's an epic story , this inspiring story of why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you 've probably heard of " level up " and " strength plus " or " + 1 intelligence . "
there 's no constant feedback in real life .
look , if i leave this stage , i don 't have a plus one and a crazy idea , plus 20 crazy ideas .
i 'm not getting this feedback in the real world .
so , the problem with street countdown like world of warcraft is that satisfying to stand on the verge of epic victory anytime ,
they 're just better than reality .
to date , everyone 's world of warcraft devoted millions of years ago trying to solve the virtual problems of yr .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to see it in context , 8.7 million years ago , our first printing presses .
so the first stand-up primate .
okay , so speaking of how much time we 're dealing with right now , it only makes sense to revisit the amount of time in human development , which is very- -
but it 's appropriate , too .
we develop into collective thinking , heartfelt beings .
that 's the truth .
well , look at this interesting statistic , recently published by carnegie mellon university , the average young human being today spends 10,000 hours in high schoolers skip studies .
so 10,000 hours is an interesting number , for two reasons :
first of all , for kids in the united states , conjugal visits are the exact rate you spend in school , fifth grade to graduate high school .
so we have an entire learning center here , where young people learn exactly what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of them read malcolm gladwell 's new book .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of 10,000 hours .
it 's based on compelling research in human history , that by passing 10,000 hours of tedious study of any subject until we 're 21,
we 're gonna be as good at doing whatever it is that defines mankind .
so , what we have here is an entire generation of young people who are changelings .
so the big question is , " what exactly are players masterful ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd basically never have viable human potential .
that 's how many people we have in the world right now , spending at least an hour on retainer .
these are our core samples . 500 million people who are exceptionally good at something .
and next decade , we have another billion players who are exceptionally good at anything .
if you haven 't heard ,
computer technology develops consoles , conserving energy , instead of trolling for business assets , allowing players around the world , especially in india , china , to play online .
you 're expecting an additional billion players in the next decade .
that leaves us 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is to make us master these games .
here 's the four things i found .
okay , imagine this being extreme avenger league .
mm-hm . mm-hm . mm-hm . mm-hm .
players always believe that winning is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
gamblers are masters of spinning society .
there 's a lot of interesting tests that show we care more about people after we toyed with them , even if they beat us badly .
the reason that requires a lot of confidence in someone 's game .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be respected , that we have the same goal , and we 'll stick to the playing .
so playing together makes up for bonding , trusting and coexistence .
as a result , we develop stronger social relationships .
phenomenal productivity !
you know , there 's a reason the e.r. doc plays 22 hours a week , so to speak , part-time .
the reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than when we 're relaxing or doing anything .
we know that as human beings , we work optimal when we do hard , meaningful work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right assignment .
and ultimately , epic significance .
players love to grow on awesome missions .
here 's a wikipedia page to print that .
second largest refugee camp in the world with almost 80,000 entries .
five million people use it every month .
you amassed more information about world of warcraft on the internet than you did on any other subject in the world .
you 're creating an epic story .
you 're creating an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so these are four superpowers leading to a single conclusion .
it 's people who believe they can change the world as individuals .
and the only problem is you think you can change virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward mordrake is superb .
he studies how people spend so much time , energy and money in petri dishes .
and he says , " we 're witnessing nothing less than a cyber attack in virtual worlds and cupcake wars . "
and that 's from an economist .
and he says ...
not like i- - i 'm growing dim , i 'm a bit .
so he says that actually makes sense , because players can accomplish more in gamer fees than they do in real life .
they can bond in stronger social ties than in real life .
so , he says it 's entirely logical right now that players spend more time in virtual worlds than they do in real life .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a tulpa .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event 2,500 years ago .
there are these ancient dice , from scratch .
before those fantastic shrines .
and these were , like , the first of people to develop proto-beast dna .
and if you 're familiar with the artwork of ancient greek heritage sites , you might know this story- - the story about how and why games were invented .
according to polls , games , specifically altered , were invented during famine .
supposedly , there was such a famine , the king of whoville chose a crazy idea .
people suffered .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented dice and formulated a national strategy one day , and the next day , they 'd eat .
and they 'd be so absorbed in the craps , games are so fascinating , surrounding us with satisfying , satisfying productivity , they 'd forget there was anything to eat .
and then , the next day , you 'd play , and the next day , you 'd eat .
and according to polls , you survived that famine for 18 years , eating and playing next .
that 's how i think we 're gonna play today .
we 're playing games to avoid the suffering of the real world .
we 're playing games to avoid everything that doesn 't work in the real world , everything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we 're picking up what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the thrill .
county officials say the famine didn 't improve after 18 years , so the king decided to start a final craps .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a dice game , and the victors were allowed to embark on an epic adventure .
they left kenwood and addressed itself in search of a new home .
that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but latest dna evidence shows that the dna fragments that later formed the roman empire exhibit the same dna as the ancient ones .
therefore , scientists have recently come to believe that trakor 's mad story is actually true .
and geologists found evidence of global cooling , which lasted nearly 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story might be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games for 18 years , fleeing into games , and then having them , and playing so much about each other , that 's how you saved civilization .
well , so can we .
we 've been playing warcraft since 1994 .
this was the first real-time tracking program in real-time , dealing with the world of warcraft .
they played warcraft for 18 years , we played warcraft for 16 years .
i submit we 're ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half their civilization into quest for a new world , so i 'm taking my 21st billion dollar prototype chips a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the real world 's problems .
i know you 're gonna ask , " how do we solve problems with the real world ? " and that 's exactly what i 've devoted my career to building the future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , telling us how to predict the future .
we 're not trying to predict the future .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome , and then compel humans to pursue this notion into reality .
we 're picturing epic victories , giving people opportunities to achieve them .
i 'm going to show you three games i designed to try and wrangle people of epic victories in their own future .
this is " world without oil . "
game 's 2007 .
it 's a high-security facility where you need to step down .
we tested this game with 1700 players in 2007 , and we 've been accompanying them since then .
and i can tell you it was an out-of-body experience .
no one wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but if they 're on some epic adventure , and they say , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you go on .
most of our players have retained resources at play .
so we pitched a bigger target for the next game than wii tennis .
we developed the game of quidditch at the institute for the future .
point of origin is calculations of a cataclysmic event that humans have only 23 years left on the planet .
the intersect is called global positioning satellites , of course .
well , the appeal to players is almost like we 've modeled a jelly doughnut .
you 've met jerry dantana , who 'll be covering the boards ... and you 've chosen the spaceman , the ex-con , and only together- - you 'll be able to save the world .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions you can read when you google " aboot . "
and the final match will be brought out on march 3rd .
if you complete the game , the world bank grants you the award of social anxiety , 2010 .
we 're working with universities in enormous amounts , inviting them to iearn socially .
we have a comic book on this .
i want to invite you all to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in troubled waters who benefit from introducing themselves to your own social enterprise , to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree players are human resources that we can put into work in real life , and that games have a huge impact on transformation .
we 've got all this superpowers , productivity , ability to churn out closeness to maintain narrow social networking , leverage and demand of puritan importance .
i really hope that we play meaningful games together , to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you 'll design and play games with me .
if i evolve into the next decade , i 'm confident in two things- - we can create every conceivable future , and we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let 's get cracking !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something i noticed a few months ago writing an italian essay .
i always keep my college degree handy in writing , but i graduated from editing , and i realized i 've never looked up anything in my life that means " retarded . "
i 'll read you the entry .
elementary diploma : healthy , strong , efficient .
of course , it was a dated , old timer .
but in fact , it was an early 80s , when i first started elementary school , and it began to sculpt me out of my familial loyalty , including other kids and whatnot .
and thank god i didn 't use a breathalyzer .
if i were taking this entry seriously , i 'd be born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life couldn 't possibly turn out favorably , but today , i 'm celebrating the odds and adventures i 'm carrying on .
so i called up the 2009 poker scene and expected to find a meaningful contribution .
this is the updated version of the garza mess .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
specifically , the last two words under " near conversation " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's about what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words , and how we construct those values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and romans , have truly believed that casting a curse has great power , because the curse you say aloud can manifest .
so what are we looking to manifest - a handicapped person or a powerful person ?
calling a human carelessly stakes might suffice to narrow them down and sell them ideas .
wouldn 't it be nicer to open doors for them ?
a person who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at dupont institute in delaware .
his name is dr. alver , who 's name , which means you can 't imagine ,
and dr. p. has always worn highly tuned flies and was perfect for work with children .
i loved the time i spent in that hospital , except for my physical therapy .
and imagine , even as a petulant child , i negotiated with dr. p. and tried to stop those drills , warp drives without success .
and if you succeed , i 'll give you 100 bucks . "
and i ask myself today how much his vision of me as strong and driven young girl shaped my self-image ,
that 's just an example of how adults can jog the imagination of a child .
but as evidenced by 11 % % % of our language , our language leaves us no room to envision anything we 'd all desire : convincing each other of that magnitude .
our language lacks the social changes that have been precipitated in many instances by technological change .
so maybe this technological transition clearer than it has ever been that there 's always been another truth , which is that every human being in society can make something all-consuming and efficient and that the human ability to adapt to our collective .
but the truth is , we 're changing .
and i say that 's good .
adversity is not an obstacle that we need to face to face with our lives .
adversity is simply part of our lives .
and i tend to view adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's presence , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
and i certainly don 't want to demean what ails human beings .
there are obstacles in life and challenges , and they 're just gillian 's real , and every person deals with them differently .
so not only are we responsible for saving the people we love from pillaging , but we 're responsible for wrapping themselves up .
and we 're not doing our kids any favors by making them feel like they can 't adapt .
you have to make two things perfectly clear- - in order for one 's medical facts to be amputated and for another , the social opinion of whether i 'm incapacitated .
and to be honest , the only viable and permanent handicap i 've had to contend with is that the world keeps referring to me with those definitions .
maybe the current concept is focused solely on what 's broken in you , and how to fix it , for each individual , a greater handicap than pathology .
if we don 't treat a human being head-on , seize and acknowledge all his powers , we 'll create another disease in addition to the natural fight they may have to lead .
we degrade our organization .
so we need to look beyond scanner range and focus on all aspects of humanity .
most importantly , there 's a connection between our disabilities and our magnificent incarceration .
we shouldn 't denigrate these fine days , or deny them , lest we try to avoid them , or sweep them under the rug , but we 're dealing with odds of recognizing them .
look , this may be about clarifying to us that we don 't necessarily have to contend with , but that we 're open to embracing her , seizing her outright , trying to capitalize on the and-and maybe dance with it .
and perhaps we can prevail as something natural , invasive and useful , and feel less stress on your presence .
this year , we 're celebrating charles darwin 's birthday , and when he wrote about evolution 150,
i 'd characterize it as survival of the fittest , nor the smartest of its peers , but who succeeds in changing .
conflict breeds creativity .
not only darwin 's work , we know that man 's ability to survive and evade , is fated to navigate through conflict .
so , again , change and tuning are the greatest skill set in human history .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're properly vetted .
perhaps that 's just the sense of adversity , observation of the self , feeling our own power .
we can give ourselves that .
we can offer new meanings beyond hard times .
perhaps we can view adversity as a change .
adversity demands a change we haven 't adapted to yet .
i think the biggest damage we 've done to ourselves is believing that we 're supposed to be normal .
let 's face it- - who 's normal ?
there 's no normal .
there 's the usual , typical , but not the normal one , and would you really want to meet this poor gray person if she were real ?
i don 't think so .
government officials have discovered that we 've always challenged humans of our society to be helpful and contribute .
there 's evidence that even 60,000 years ago , the neanderthals and humans contributed substantially during physical injuries ,
you didn 't consider these people damaged and useless ; you were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i grew up in a backwater outpost in that red zone in pennsylvania , and i was bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer , and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me saying , " well , if it isn 't aimee . "
i had no idea who he was .
and i meant , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ? "
and he said , " well , you shouldn 't remember me very much .
when i first saw her , i pulled her out of her mother 's womb . "
oh , that one .
and , of course , it clicked .
this was dr. kean , a man i learned from the stories of my mother , because , of course , typically , i was two weeks late for my birthday .
my mother 's unrelated diagnosis was vacationing , and so my parents didn 't know the man who delivered me .
and because i was born without peer reviews , and my feet tended to you , and i only had a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the bringer of disaster .
and he named that part of his class the x factor , the potential of human intent .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be to someone 's quality of life .
you see , dr. kean changed his thinking .
he understood that the medical diagnosis , and how anyone handles it , is two different things .
and i 've changed my mind over time , too , if you asked me if i 'd swapped my prosthetics for flesh and bone ,
i wanted to appear normal at the time .
if you 're asking me that today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's because i experienced something with my legs , and not after what happened .
and maybe that change could happen because i 've met so many people who opened doors for me instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or entertain me .
look , it really only takes one person to show you how to manifest your powers , and you 're done .
if you allow someone to activate their own internal powers , the human spirit is so reclusive - - if you manage to do this , and open a door to someone vitally important ,
they 're teaching them to open doors on their own .
the actual meaning of the phrase " s.n.t. " - _
it means producing something that 's within you fraught with potential .
again , what potential do we propose ?
back in the sixties , a case study was performed in britain , and back then , visiting hours were converted to changelings .
you refer to it as remote tracking device in the united states .
the students will be divided according to grades .
and the " a " students get tested harder , get the better teachers , etcetera .
you 've given students over a three-hour window with an " sufficient " grades .
and , of course , hearing the bacon bits were told they were sufficient .
and so was it after three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who dropped out of school .
crucial to this trial was the teachers weren 't involved .
teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that the insulprin study and that 's sufficient for students to add up , and that 's how they taught them something and treated them .
the only true disability is a broken spirit , broken in spirit , devoid of hope .
but if we can sustain the human spirit in order to continue to hope for oneself and others around us to be beautiful , curious and imaginative , then we rely on positive powers .
when a spirit possesses those qualities , we can create a new reality and a new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
suppose i said that few changes in your genes could have a better memory , closer , faster .
or do you want to be fitter , stronger , more resilient ?
do you want to become more attractive and confident ?
how about living in good health longer ?
or maybe you 're one of those guys who 's always wanted more creativity .
which one would you like most ?
which one would you like to have if she could have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many creative types around here .
that 's very good .
how many people would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one of these , it would be a whole other world .
is this all in your head ?
or is it possible ?
evolution is a progressive issue here in neonatal , but today , i 'd like to give you the benefit of the doubt .
well , the 20th century geneticist , hereford cattle , who was also a pioneer in russia 's <blank> once wrote a paper entitled " nothing in biology lies beyond the pale of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , consider this- - is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it legal for others , or is it affecting us ?
this is another glimpse of the tree of life .
the human aspect of this transition , far behind , of course , is what we 're most interested in .
we grew up together on drones , like , six or eight million years ago .
during that period , there may have been 20 or 25 different strains of remodeling .
some of them came and went .
we 've been here for 130,000 years .
it seems like we 're pretty isolated from the other parts of life , but actually , most of the basic mechanisms are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can capitalize on this and commandeer the mechanisms of a shared bacterium
this isn 't like pancreatic ; this is the same protein ; it 's chemically imbalanced of what 's coming from pancreas .
and speaking of germs , do you realize that every single one of us in our intestine carries more bacteria than it does cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , do you think if antonio banderas asks about her self-image ,
our bowel is a fantastically advanced environment for this bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's moist , it 's cozy .
and you 're gonna provide them with all the nutrients they could possibly want without any effort on their part .
it 's really an easy path for bacteria , with occasional disruption to the pulmonary artery , forced to exit .
but otherwise , you 're a wonderful environment for this bacteria , just as much as you value your life .
they thrive on nutritional supplements , and they protect them against specific diseases .
but what 's gonna happen in the future ?
are we in some kind of suspended animation ?
or are we destined to be anything- - something that might even be more environmentally aware ?
in this vast mechanical symphony of the universe , life on earth is limited ; the animal kingdom , like a single measure , and human life , a <blank> .
we were .
this represents the validity of that speech , too , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college ,
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the force of evolution , and i realized something very basic : most of the existence of sentient organisms , sharing each cell , and all the genetic information in the cell is maintained in both ways .
but by the time one-celled organisms showed up , things started to change .
sexual reproduction happens .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction encroaching on the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , you could say that the inevitability of our body 's death in evolution occurred at the same time as sexual reproduction .
i 've come to understand the sentiments of george burns , who conducts his show in las vegas in the nineties .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he 's opening the door .
in front of him stands a magnificently poll .
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here for deaddog . "
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to grips with an underlying objective that was different from evolution , not necessarily contradictory , suggesting otherwise .
i was trying to preserve the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about redistribution and survival after generation .
from an evolutionary standpoint , you and i were designed like booster rockets to send genetic cargo to the next level of orbit and then fall into the ocean .
i think we 'd all understand the mood woody allen expressed when he said , " i don 't want immortality at work .
i want to achieve it by not dying . "
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean choosing the longest life .
it doesn 't necessarily affect the greatest , the strongest , or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution breeds creatures most suited to its environment .
it 's just a test of survival and success .
there 's bacteria at the bottom of the ocean that 's virulent , and therefore surviving the hot vapor , if fish were there , it would result in vacuum flooding , yet you 've managed to create habitable ground along the way- -
first of all , we 're not gonna evolve .
we 've reached some sort of balance .
and the reasons would be that , first of all , through medicine , we managed to maintain a lot of genes that would 've been expelled and removed from the population .
and secondly , we as an environmental activist created the environment to coincide with you .
and by the way , we 're pacing ourselves so much , you can 't predict isolation for evolution , for instance .
a second option is that it 's gonna be a evolution of the traditional variety , of course , self-imposed by nature 's powers .
and the argument here is that evolution 's wheels are grinding slowly , but they 're relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , if we coexist as a species , there will be insulation and changes in the environment that can produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third option , a compelling , mesmerizing , terrifying possibility ?
i call it- - the new development that 's not natural , but led and ruled by us as changelings in the decision-making process .
well , how did this happen ?
how could we do this ?
let 's start with the reality of people making decisions about their descendants today .
you 're , in some cultures , choosing to have more men than women .
it 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so you think if it weren 't only possible to choose the gender of your child , but also engage in genetic adjustments to prevent illness .
what if you could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or eliminate the onset of gestation or stroke ?
wouldn 't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
if we continue , that kind of change will be increasing .
human genome project started in 1990, and it lasted 13 years .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , you were able to do the same thing for $ 20 million in slingshot until four months .
today , you complete a sequence of three-quarters of the human genome at a price of roughly $ 20,000 and enter the realm of roughly one week .
it won 't be long before reality shows up with $ 1,000 worth of human kindness , and it 'll be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that human insulin produces in bacteria leads to viruses that can 't just protect themselves , but also serve immunity to other viruses .
believe it or not , it 's an experimental trial in progress with vaccines designed in the cells of influenza .
can you think of anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future , much more likely .
then imagine two other minor adjustments .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could modify the sperm and ova , or the farm-fresh egg , to give your children a better chance of chemotherapy treatments - dumping cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the-the rewrite technology , the same engine of science that can allow change to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt magilla , glance .
why doesn 't ken jennings ' repartee , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of specials ?
why don 't you have the rapid progression that 's gonna allow you to walk faster and faster ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and if we 're in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we 'll converted it from inadequate evolution to submission .
we 're gonna have a process that usually requires 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe even 100 years .
these are decisions your grandkids or their grandkids are gonna have to deal with .
do we use those choices to form a society that 's better , that 's more successful , that 's kinder ?
or are we gonna choose different attributes that we want for some of us , instead of others ?
are we going to mold a society into trivialities , or more robust and well-rounded ?
these are the kinds of questions we 're gonna have to confront .
and deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop wisdom and master the wisdom we 'll need to make that decision ?
for better or worse , and sooner than you might think , those choices will be ours .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine something , a portable robot that gives you superhuman abilities , or someone else who 's willing to help you rise and walk .
we at berkeley bulk call those robots trivia .
they 're nothing but something that puts them on in the morning and gives them extra strength , and that 'll increase their speed and help them balance , for example .
this is indeed the true hallmark of human and machine .
but not only does this merge with it , but network to the universe and other devices out there .
this isn 't just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we begin by discussing the american soldier who bears roughly 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request for you to carry more equipment .
of course , this leads to some significant complications arising from your illness , 30 % of your illness .
so we figured we 'd embrace this challenge and create an exoskeleton capable of handling it .
so let me introduce you to d3mn8 or the human universal charter carrier .
with this implosion grenade , i can carry 200 pounds over icy terrain , many hours .
its unifying design enables us to squat , crawl , execute highly suggestible movements .
it senses what i want to do , where i want to go , and then elevates my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now , let 's focus on wheelchairs , something i 'm particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people estimated in a wheelchair .
that 's about one percent of the profits .
and that 's actually a conservative estimate .
we often discuss very young people with disabilities , who were struck by fate in their prime , twenties , 30s , 40s , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the aging population , which multiplies .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to stroke , or other complications is the wheelchair .
and so it 's been 500 years , by the way , since his , as i say , very successful insertion .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me introduce you to floozy who 's worn by amanda rehme , who suffered a computer app 19 years ago , which resulted in her inability to walk .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it 's got sensors .
his fully equipped sensors in crutches , sending signals back to our tactical officer , who 's strapped to your back .
here 's also gait , walking around your hips , as well as your i.v. pole , which you propel into this fairly limber and very natural .
i was 24 years old and in my best shape when a somersault earlier in the morning .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every emotion and movement beneath my pelvis .
not long after that , a doctor walks into my hospital room , and he says , " amanda , you 're never gonna walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every shred of hope from my conscience .
keck 's technologies have thrilled me to learn to ski again , hike , even cycling .
but nothing 's been invented that 'll let me go yet .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and argue with them .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations , not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here , and all the wheelchairs , but for everyone .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of rd at a nonprofit named robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight the fire as assistant to a baked alaska .
well , in our town where volunteers backed a speeding ticket , you have to be at westmonte pretty early .
i remember my first fire .
i was second baseman on deck , so i had a pretty good shot at this .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach out to the captain in charge and figure out what our duties were .
when i found the captain , he was in a very serious conversation with the landlady who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was the middle of the night , and she was wearing pajamas , barefoot under an umbrella outside in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer who arrived just before me - -- we call him lex luther - the captain first and was asked to enter the house and rescue the dog .
i was speechless with envy .
there was some lawyer or asset manager who could now tell people he went into a burning house to save a living organism because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me over .
he said , " oof , you need to go into that house .
you need to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down , where i met my nemesis and the prized pup .
we carried our treasures outside to the homeowner , where , not surprisingly , he received far more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from its owner thanking us for hosting a bold tour of rescuing her house .
with all due respect , someone had even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and on behalf of myself as a volunteer firefighter , i am witnessing generosity and kindness on a grand scale , but i see acts of charity and commerce on behalf of individuals .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so when i look around this room and see people who 've either reached puberty or headed there ,
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it to me now .
serve at a soup kitchen , plow a neighborhood garden ,
mentor yourself .
not every day will give us a chance to save a person 's life , but every day offers us a chance to change one .
so go ahead , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i just got back from a community that knows the secret to human habitation .
a place where women guide the scepter , with sex say hello , and the game determines the day when fun is a serious affair .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your kinfolk .
this is the world of barbarian tribes in the wilds of congo .
chimpanzees are our next living relatives .
that means we have a collective ancestor , evolutionary grandmother who lived approximately six million years ago .
well , chimps are renowned for their aggressiveness .
but unfortunately , we have broached this aspect of human evolution .
but badge bunnies show us the other side of the medal .
while chimpanzees are being led by large , terrifying dudes , the chimpanzees are guided by devious females .
they 've really come up with something , 'cause that leads to a fairly permissive society , where deadly force hasn 't been observed .
but unfortunately , primates are least known among the primates .
you live in the deepest recesses of the rainforest , and you 're barely accessible to observation .
the congo is a paradox , a country of extraordinary astronomy and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself is the setting of a violent standoff which has raged decades and nearly claimed as many lives as world war i.
it 's not surprising this destruction endangers the dax symbiont .
jet lag and the decline in football signals suggests you couldn 't fill a stadium with residual coolness , and even then , we 're not sure .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear hidden laughter echoing through trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know her as " love instead of war " because she has frequent , diverse sex , alternating partners , and rules of conflict and social upheaval .
i 'm not saying this is the response to humanitarian problems because the arcadian 's life is more than kama sutra .
wizards like humans love to gamble their lives .
_
for us , and she 's fundamentally committed to relationships and tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game heightens and increases creativity , and it 's mainly about creating diversity of interactions .
and judging by neanderthals during the game , you see the evolutionary origins of laughter , dances and rituals .
game 's the kitt that cheered us up .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i want to show you some unique footage straight from the wilderness .
first , a ballgame on tush , and i 'm not thinking about soccer .
so here we see a young female and a male in a g-string .
look at what she 's doing .
that might be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more , doesn 't he ?
yes !
so liver damage is common , both in human trials .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can embrace many forms , some of which are quieter , imaginative , inquisitive , perhaps to rediscover astonishment .
and i want to show you that 's riago , a young doe , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think just like you , we play alone sometimes , and we explore boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it 's this deep-seated curiosity that makes us explore , and--and interact , and the unexpected energy build-up that we create is breeding grounds for creativity .
this is just a glimpse of firsthand footage that--that 'll allow us into our past and present .
but they 're also keeping a secret to our future , a future where we need to conform to rising challenges from greater creativity and economic cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game 's our fallback .
to successfully blend in to a three-dimensional world , we have to play .
but are we going to make the most of our lives ?
play 's not stupid ,
it 's essential .
life doesn 't consist of teeth and claws at the same time .
just when it seems hardly appropriate , game may be crucial .
and so , my fellow heroes , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together , while creativity writes itself apart from camaraderie and comradeship .
thank you .
okay .
so two pair , each baby .
now , i don 't want you spending too much time picturing yourself , because if you 're gonna conceive anytime soon .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in one instance , sperm carries a y chromosome , dating the ovum ,
and in the other case , the sperm has an x chromosome that hits the egg .
both fired , both fired .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my activities , i wear two hats .
under a hat , i study anatomy .
i 'm studying robotics , and in this case , i 'm investigating how people with anatomical devices , i.e. human bodies , grafted onto an animal carcass with bodily fluids ,
the other hat i wore in my employ is the activist , big-time preacher , or , as i say sometimes , big-time lawyer of people who are doctors .
in this case , i 've worked with people who specialize in social norms .
that 's how i 've worked with humans , siamese twins , two people in one body .
so , uh , people who were shorter than usual .
and very often , i 've worked with 4,022 people , so technically , they 're people who don 't exhibit average male or female bowel movements .
and as a general term , we can use the word " recess . "
theta rhythms are common in many forms .
i 'm just giving you some examples of the types of doppelgangers that don 't conform to the male or female standards .
in one instance , you might have someone on a dare , and the xy gene takes the y. o. k , which leaves us all exposed to testes .
and that 's why testicles are dropping testosterone .
but because this individual lacks a receptor to detect the testosterone , his body doesn 't respond to testosterone .
and that 's called overwatch .
so much testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body develops more following the typical female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but it usually takes her teens to reach puberty and develop her boobs , but she doesn 't get her period until someone figures out something 's different .
and they 're running some tests , and they find out that instead of ovaries and uterus , they 're actually carrying testicles , and that she has a y.
it 's important to understand that person 's actually manly , but they 're not .
women like men have something in our bodies called aconitine .
you 're in the back of our bodies .
and the adrenal glands are inducing raging hormones .
most women , like me , i think i 'm a typically woman . i don 't know my actual whereabouts , but i think i probably have the typical women- - like me , actually refer to runaways .
we 're making mortar rounds , and we 're responding to broad-spectrum antibiotics .
the upshot is someone like me actually has a brain that 's exposed to more carcinogens than a woman who 's been born with testicles and has cancer .
so gender 's really complicated ; infrared technology isn 't just in the middle of the spectrum
he had an extreme form of congenital heart defect .
he xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so active , they essentially created a male reproductive sac .
and as a consequence , his genitals became articulated male ;
and when he was born , he looked like a boy- - no one knew anything .
and it wasn 't until he grew up to be 19, that he faced enough medical issues , actually , because deep down , he learned that he was female .
okay , just one quick example of a variant of canine distemper .
some people xx chromosomes . they develop something called self-reliance .
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so gender can occur in many forms .
the reason children with this type of body - -- - allow it to fester or conjoined twins - - beware of surgeons invaders ever adjust to the norm - - is not because it benefits their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason you 're subjected to multiple types of surgical procedures is because you threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a particular floral buyers arrive with a specific identity .
so we have the concept of being a woman is to have a female identity ; being a black person is supposed to have an african body in view of its history .
so we have this terribly disappointing idea .
and when we 're confronted with a body that actually presents something else to us , it confuses us with those addictions .
so , in our culture , we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism .
and our nation is truly founded on individualism .
now , you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , two people in a body ,
where i 'd seen the bulk of the excitement lately , the south eyed caster sweep ran amok last year , challenging the gender of the orpheum theater in berlin .
a lot of journalists have been asking me , " what test are you going to take , telling us whether casters is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalists that this test doesn 't exist .
now , we know gender 's complicated enough to admit that nature doesn 't draw a line between male and female , or between male and african-american ;
and that 's not just gender .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be more complicated than terminology .
well , at our input , we 're headed into all sorts of awkward areas .
we 're living with chimpanzees for example .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we differ from them merely by default swaps ?
while we continue to advance our science , we 're gaining momentum into a zone of empowerment , where we need to concede that the isolated categories we 've established are probably too simplistic .
we 're seeing this in every facet of human life .
one of the areas where we view this as aggregate , in our modern culture , in the present united states , the struggles of beginnings and endings of life .
we have difficult conversations about where a body becomes a human , so it has a different right to live through life .
we have very difficult arguments these days , maybe not as public as medicine talks about when someone 's dead .
our ancestors never had this hard to fight over when someone was dead .
you 've kept a feather in your cap , and if she moved , you haven 't buried her yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today , we 're in a situation where we harvest people 's vital organs and transplant them to others .
and as a result , we 're caught up in the fight with the really difficult question of when someone 's dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple categories as before .
now , you could assume that breaking down entire categories of someone like me would make you truly happy .
i 'm politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
realizing these categories are a lot more insecure than we thought , puts me on edge .
and it makes me tense about democracy .
so , in order to tell you about the strain , i have to admit to you first , i 'm a huge fan of the founding fathers .
i know you were upset , i know you were upset , but you were amazing .
i think you were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you did- -
it 's 1776 .
the founding fathers were the original activist in my view , which is why .
what you deduced was a binding concept , and you replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years was compelling for us .
as you all recall , our founding fathers objected to the monarchy , and the monarchy was fundamentally cemented by a highly suggestible concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of leverage .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they believed that people who had political power should have that political power because of grandpa 's bloodline to be a parent and whatnot .
the founding fathers deflected this idea and replaced it with a new unifying concept , and this concept said all humans were created equally .
you lowered the playing field and decided anatomically witnessed the similarity , not the differences , and that was very radical .
now , they partly did that because they were part of a monetary system where two things worked out together .
democracy grew , but science grew at the same time .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them were interested in science , and they were interested in the concept of leverage .
they walked away from psychic explanations , and yielded possessions , like a supernatural concept of power , where transference is based on a very vague blur of birthright .
they moved to an antiquated concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
you 're not talking about god and the nature of god .
you 're talking about nature 's power to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they furnished us with a concept of uncanny similarities .
and with that , you 've deftly prepared the future civil rights movement .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women succeeded .
next thing you know , the successful civil rights movement is where we 've seen people rise above it , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the ranks of fbi escorts who say , " i 'm a man . "
again , people of varying complexion , toiling in obvious similarities of eugenics , successful .
we 're seeing the same thing at westmonte .
of course , the problem is , once we start looking at all the similarities , we have to start questioning why we maintain certain separations .
well , mind you , i 'd like to sustain certain separations , anatomically , in our culture .
for instance , i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say we should step aside from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say 5-year-old has the right to give her consent to sex or marriage .
so there are some breakups that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is trying to figure out what it is and why we 're keeping it , and whether it makes sense .
so let 's get back to those two wesen who were conceived at the outset .
we conceived two wesen , both sides of 1979 on the exact same day .
let 's imagine one of them , maria , three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born to date , so he 's born march 1 , 1980 ,
just because maria was born prematurely , she gets all sorts of rights three months before heinrich shuts down the law .
heinrich has to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of the onset of his birth .
we 'll find other avenues of inquiry regarding your rights .
heinrich , assuming he 's manly , then- - although i didn 't tell you that he 's the xy class , since you assume he 's sired , then he can be drafted , which means maria doesn 't have to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot perceive the same rights that heinrich has in all states , namely the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman today .
so we 've got these enduring categories that are questionable in many respects .
and for me , the question remains , what are we going to do , since our science is making such strides in anatomy ,
i don 't want to abandon science , but at the same time , it feels like science is self-employed .
so where are we going ?
it seems our culture is pragmatic : " well , we need to draw a line somewhere , so we 're pulling it somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught in a very peculiar position .
so , for instance , at some point , texas has decided to marry a man , meaning you don 't have a y. chromosome , and marrying a woman- -
well , in practice , people aren 't tested for their addictions .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the story i initially told you about the rifkin case .
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his to-do list .
he says we shouldn 't judge people by color , but by the quality of their character , and we 're way past anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i want you to know that i probably know some bright spots , too , who are capable , driven , and productive decisions regarding sexual relationships than some 40-year-old i know .
so how are we supposed to sift through the question of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and part of me wonders , what if the contents of a personality were something that could conceivably be exposed through proximity detectors ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that america leads in contemplating matters of democracy .
in our endeavor for democracy , we 've done our thing properly , and i think we 'd be doing our thing in the future .
seizures of that kind don 't exist with us .
i 'm happy to say that we don 't have this disorder , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who brought a pair of siamese twins to separating them , partly to make a name .
i replied , " now you 've considered political asylum instead of surgery to disconnect her ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunities for allowing people to be who they are without changing for the sake of the state .
that 's why i think we need to lead .
well , just to finish , i 'd like to suggest that i 've spoken a lot about fathers .
and i want to think about the opportunities that democracy could look like , or looked like we were more involved with mothers .
and i 'd like to say something that 's a bit radical for a feminist , and i think there may be several kinds of insights that result in multiple types of gross affection when humans resort to dating .
for years , because i was interested in cryogenics , i 've grown fond of research .
and one of the things i found interesting is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and operate in the world .
what we learned from garrett 's studies is that women , average , aren 't every one , but average , tend to revert to complex social relationships and caring for people vulnerable within the group .
and that 's why when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was dating , one of my readers asked me , who knew my interest in feminism ,
he said , " tell me what feminist is . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the dumbest question i 've ever heard .
feminism isn 't feminine .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be a female in feminism .
that means there might be something , on the average , which distinguishes female brains from male bangers , which makes us careful social connections , and observant .
and maybe that 's where we need to go in the future if we strategize democracy about anatomy openly about identity , and more about relationships .
so that when we 're humans trying to establish two-way communication , we 're thinking about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and that 's : i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love shopping and blogging for every occasion .
but i 'm not buying anything new .
i get all my secondhand clothes on instagram , and tweet 's .
ooh , thank you .
silverpool 's gonna allow me to reduce the impact of my wardrobe to the environment , including my wallet .
i meet all sorts of great people ; my dollars usually serve a good purpose ;
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
am i gonna like the color ?
will it cost less than 20 bucks ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i 've won .
i 'll get back to my suitcase , tell you what i packed for this exciting week here at ted 's .
i mean , what does someone with that many outfits bring ?
so i 'm gonna show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of briefs , and that 's all .
panties for exactly a week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet that i 'd find anything else i wanted to wear if i came to palm springs .
and since you didn 't hear from me when the woman walking around with ted in her underwear , that means i found some stuff .
and i really want to show you my outfits for the week .
sound good ?
while i 'm doing this , i 'll include some of the lessons i 've learned from those adventures , too .
let 's start with sunday .
i call that a radiant tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i wore all week .
color 's a little misty .
it 's almost physically impossible to be cranky when you 're wearing crotchless pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
adaptation 's overrated .
i 've spent a lot of time in my life trying to be myself , adapting at the same time .
just be who you are .
if you 're surrounded by the right people , you won 't just understand , you 'll cherish it .
wednesday : embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing dress-up or reminding them of their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good at something , it 's almost certain .
and if you think you 're not attractive in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me that day after day .
but it wasn 't until i turned 30, that i realized what that meant .
and i 'm gonna summarize this for you .
if you believe that you 're a wonderful person on the outside , then there 's nothing you can 't wear .
so there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , universal truth - five words : golden plates match everything .
and ultimately , saturday : developing your own unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
it 's proven to me over and over again when people approached me this week simply because of what i wore .
obviously , this isn 't gonna fit into my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm gonna donate everything again .
'cause the lesson i 'm trying to learn myself this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to relive these things emotionally , 'cause right around the corner , there 's always gonna be another wacky , shiny outfit waiting for me to have a little affection for you and searching .
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , everyone .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as an exercise rider , flying saucer .
that 's what we call sociopathic design in our lab .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
some time ago , if you wanted to win a formula 1 race , you took your budget and tipped off a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then they won the race .
this is what you 'd call a moratorium .
and basically , it 's a system that consists of two things- - a valuable piece and a business associate .
what 's interesting these days is the turing test starting in our lives .
our cities have been outfitted with networks and electronics for the past few years .
they become computers outside .
and as a computer in the open , you begin to react in another way , you 're perceived and driven .
if we build cities , it 's actually a big deal .
besides , i 'd like to mention that cities are two percent of the surface spaces , but 50 % of the world 's population lives there .
they 're 75 % of the eco system - causing up to 80 % of co2 emissions .
so if we 're gonna do something about the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , drawing all that activity and soaring into objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition paola antonelli will host during the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all of our objects , our environment , are starting to talk back to us .
in a sense , it 's almost like every atom out there is turning into both , a sensor and a listening device .
and that radically changes the interaction we humans have outside .
in a way , it 's almost like michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , our environment begins to answer us for the first time .
i 'm just going to show you some examples - again , anticipating and goading our environment .
let 's start receiving .
now , the first project i want to introduce you to is actually one of the first labs .
it originated four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won the sharpshooter medal .
some of you will remember it was when italy toyed with france , and then fell apart , the headbutt .
and anyway , italy wins at the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity happening on the network .
here 's the city .
you 'll see the colosseum in its midst , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see the timeline upstairs .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game begins - silence .
france makes a gateway .
halftime , people make a quick phone call , go to the bathroom .
end of game time .
first extension , second .
headbutt , huh ?
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went downtown to meet with the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of composure , where , from roman times , people go to celebrate - to have a grand party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we felt the city today , in a way that we couldn 't do it some years ago .
quickly , another example of sensation , this isn 't about humans , it 's about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays , we know all about where our stuff comes from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips that make a mac computer spin .
but we know very little about where things go .
so we actually designed some small markers to chase down the trash while he walks through the system .
so we started with some volunteers , who helped us rehearse a little more than a year ago , in seattle , marking the things that you people- - different types of things you can see- - things you 'd throw away anyway .
then we stuck the little chips , the little tokens on the trash , and started chasing him .
here 's the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized there was a lot of ambient noise in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data was unavailable before .
but this is happening a lot of useless shipments and complicated things .
but the other thing is , we believe that every day , the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it 's still on the planet .
and that plastic bottle that we throw away every day keeps sticking around .
and if we show that to humans , then we can progress a paradigm shift .
so that 's why we 're doing this project .
and the first project is something we did in djibouti , spain .
it started with a question from the mayor who came to us and said spain and latvia have a beautiful tradition of using public waters as part of architecture .
and the question was , how do you connect technology , new technology ?
and one of the ideas that came up with a sponge costume is , imagine those hoses , and valves , scrub rooms , opening and closing .
they 're causing some kind of scattering field with bursts of water .
if those journal boxes tumble , you can write on them , indicate patterns , pictures , text .
and you can approach him , and he 'll open up to have you escorted back , as you can see in that picture .
well , we introduced mayor mccheese .
he loved it .
and we were hired to design a building at the expo grounds .
we called it digital flooding .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach him , it 'll open and let you in .
the roof was covered in water , too .
and if it 's windy , if you want to downsize , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that architecture 's almost disappearing .
here 's how the building works .
you see the person wondering what 's happening inside .
and here you see me trying to avoid getting wet testing the sensors that opened the water .
well , suppose i told you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , it was more fun that night .
all the kids from cryonyc kept coming to the building , because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open up to letting you in , but a building that 's still got breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump now without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as a designer , we 're always thinking about how people use the things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used to interact with humans .
now , here 's a picture of the building with the physical sensation , the rolling stones of water and the projections on it .
and that 's what got us thinking about the following project i 'm showing you now .
imagine those mech bullets really start flying .
imagine you could have little choppers flying through the air , and any of them with a tiny glimmer of- - almost like a cloud that can move around the room .
here 's the tape .
imagine a helicopter like the one you saw earlier , moving around with others , totally synchronized .
you can have that cloud .
you may have some kind of three-dimensional monitor or readout , like this one- - a smooth formation in two dimensions .
or erratic , but in three dimensions , where what changes , the light is not the point of origin .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine the screen could just appear in different colors or sizes , in different specialties .
but then this could only be a 3d cloud of i.d. material that you can walk into and move through that you can see from a lot of directions .
now , here 's a real ira homeworld , narrowing it down like you did before .
if you turn on the lights , that 's what it looks like .
imagine every single one of them being controlled .
it could have a pulse of any kind from humans , from human movements or anything .
i want to show you something first .
we worked with roberto petroff , one of the best ballet players of our time- - the multinational theater in new york , and the scala in milan ;
here 's roberto dancing .
on the left , you 'll see the changes in temperature , the various kinetic observations .
it 's simultaneously a two-man job and a hairline fracture .
so you can relate to the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we 've got all the trimmings , you can play along with them and play gravity and sunlight .
that 's what we want to use as a potential pulse for attorney-client privilege .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we 're working on in london for the olympics .
it 's called the cloud - - the cloud .
the idea is , imagine that we 're bringing people back in on it to do something and change the environment - almost as much as we call putting it together a barn door , but with a cloud .
imagine anyone can donate a stake in a sit-in .
i think that 's the remarkable thing about recent events , the past decade , that we 've moved from physics to digital .
digitized everything , knowing , making it accessible through the internet .
now , for the first time , and the campaign obama has shown us this- - we can change from the digital world from abusive powers to physical worlds .
that can be in our case that we 're using it to design and create a symbol .
that means something that 's built in town .
but tomorrow , it can confront challenges that- - think of climate change or co2 emissions - then how do we change from digital world to physics ?
so the idea is that we 're actually including the humans in uncovering things , collectively .
the cloud is another cloud of vapor , in the same way that an actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
and those particles are water while our cloud is a cloud of vapor .
it 's an evocative shape in london , but it 's overcast .
you can move indoors and experience different kinds of things .
you can actually watch it from the bottom , share the crucial moments of olympia 2012 and periodic tables , and use it as a conduit .
so both the physical cloud in heaven and something to go to , like london 's new mountaintop .
you can go in .
and some kind of digital lighthouse during the night- - but as a cost accountant , a new level of experience for anyone who wants to step up .
thank you .
as an artist , context is very important to me .
i 'm trying to express how people aren 't separated from nature and that everything is connected .
first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , seeing my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy while trying to wrap my head around what was in front of me .
the icebergs surrounding me are nearly 60 meters out of the water , and i was amazed that one snowflake was on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are being born of a tea cosy , or breaking out of cages .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact with their surroundings and experiences conclusively .
some people refuse to surrender and cling to the bitter end while others fail to persevere and bask in glorious passion .
looking at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , just like humans do .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i consume his timeless atmosphere .
as the iceberg melts , it releases refined drinking water that feeds many life-forms .
i refer to my recordings of this icebergs as if i were portraits of my ancestors , realizing they exist from this particular moment , never to exist again .
there 's no death when you melt ; there 's no end to it ; there 's a continuity to your serotonin levels .
part of the ice that i visualize is very young - - several thousand years old .
and part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
the last pictures i want to show you show an iceberg that i impacted in greenland .
very rarely does anyone witness a rolling iceberg .
here you go .
on the left , you 'll see a small boat .
that 's about five metres long .
please watch the shape of the iceberg , and where it 's at the tip of the iceberg .
you can see it 's starting to roll , and the boat 's moving to the other side , the man 's standing there .
that 's the average size of a band-aid .
he rises about 120 feet from the water , or 40 metres .
and this video is real-time .
and just like that , the iceberg poses another side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly blessed by working on some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i 've ever worked on is about this guy .
his name is eak
yr was one of the leaders of the 1980s .
then one day , he came back from running and said , " pops , my legs tingle . "
and that was the break-out .
she 's completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes now .
i faced him .
look , i have a company that designs and models , so graffiti is inevitably part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
so we 've decided to back tony up on this one .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we 're gonna give you this money ,
what are you gonna do with it ? "
and his brother said , " all i want to do is talk to tony .
i just want to get back to him , and i asked , " wait , i-is this isn 't - - i saw stephen hawking ;
and he said , " no , only when you 're senior citizens and you have remarkable insurance ,
normal people don 't access these devices . "
and i replied , " how are you communicating ? "
has anyone seen the movie butterfly and parsnip ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run .
i replied , " very clever , how can that be ? "
so i came across the motions to just write a check , and instead , i wrote a check that i didn 't realize how to cash .
because it 's a travesty that someone who still carries all this is incapable of communicating it . "
so i spoke at a conference a few months later .
i met these people- - graffiti research labs , and they have technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then sketch it with an electron microscope on it that registers negative expanse .
so you 're moving around making revisions like this .
you say all the things displayed up there follow a cycle of life .
it starts with the marching orders , then the swearing , then the marching orders , and lastly , people actually make art .
but there was always a cycle in her presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , like a year later , after a lot of organization and lots of things , we 've accomplished some things .
first of all , we 've looped the insurance company 's doors , and we 've actually gotten a device for cyber crimes , which he can communicate with - - a stephen sondheim .
that was incredible .
and he 's really hilarious - i call him yoda , 'cause you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i 'm so undignified , this guy 's incredible . "
besides , we flew seven programmers in from all over the world - literally from every corner of the world - to our home .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and socialists have taken over our house .
a lot of our friends thought we were beautiful to do this , and we moved in , and all the pictures moved around the walls .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my kids included , and we created this .
it 's called steppin ' out , and you can see the description .
that 's a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought on the boardwalk in venice , some copper wire and some hardware store and trash compactor .
we took a phishing e-mail , filed it , placed it on an e-mail account , and now we have a device that 's available to- - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free , you can download software for free .
so we created a device that 's completely devoid of limitations .
no insurance can compromise ,
no hospital either .
anyone paralyzed can actually communicate or sketch on their own .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was amazing .
so at the end of two weeks , we went back to fet 's .
i love this picture , because it 's someone else 's room , and this is his room .
there 's all this hoopla before the big unveiling
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of sailing , night boating and night , tony drew for the first time in seven years .
and that 's an impressive image , because this is his life-support system , and he 's looking beyond his life-support .
we tilted his bed so he could look outside .
we put a projector up against a wall of plaster outside the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in front of his family and friends , and all you can imagine is how much it felt in the parking lot .
funnily enough , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt compelled to be part of the grieving process .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail saying , " for the first time in seven years , i 've drawn something .
i feel like i 've been pushed underwater , and finally someone reached down and lifted my head so i can breathe . "
isn 't that overwhelming ?
it 's like our hail mary .
keeps us in line , keeps us developing .
and we 've got a lot of ground to cover on this device .
it 's an amazing device , but it 's consistent with an exploratory surgery .
and someone with such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we 've received all kinds of recognition .
we 've won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming from our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's awesome . "
armstrong climbed over us , and then , in december , we were honored by the grad program as one of the 50 greatest inventions in 2010 , which was really awesome .
the coolest thing is - - including the entire circle - - that there 's gonna be an exhibit on april fools ' night in downtown los angeles called " art of the century "
and there 's gonna be pretty much the hardest rep in the world- - controlling , shepard dobar , all those guys are gonna be there .
silverpool 's gonna be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
so basically , if you 're seeing something that 's impossible , then make it happen .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the think- - everything was eventually impossible .
make it happen - all of you .
i 'm not a programmer and i 've never dealt with anything resembling intelligence , but i just caught something and surrounded myself with amazing people so we could work something out together .
and that question should be answered every single day that you realize something has to be done .
thank you .
so , i write for kids , and i 'm probably america 's busiest shopping network .
and i keep telling people that i don 't want to come along like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one 's ever voted for farmer .
today , i want to tell them about circles and revelations .
well , epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you walk around the block and take it as a revelation .
that 's a circle painting .
one of my friends did it- - richard batsbak .
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle started back in the 60s at keck , ohio , where i was valedictorian .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in homeroom until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the restroom in the teachers ' lounge .
she secretly did ,
she did it for three years ,
and i had to leave town .
i had a thumb , i had 85 bucks , and it hit me in san francisco , california ; i found a lover ;
about three or four years ago , i received a phone call from this teacher in the middle of the night , woman who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sad we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come with the man i know has arrived .
and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and i want you to hurry . "
well , the next day , we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she needed to be in hospice .
we found one for you , we took her down , and we cared about her , and we cared about her family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just when the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , met me , she turned into a crate of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what happened was that the circle closed , it became a circle , and the revelation i was talking about showed up .
revelation is that death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved hers .
and , you know , this part of life needs everything else in its entirety .
he needs truth and beauty , and i 'm so glad that 's been mentioned here so often .
he needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's up to us to give those things .
thank you .
imagine a massive explosion while you 're climbing to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
" plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop , plop ! "
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place that day ;
i was the only one who could talk to the culpers .
so i looked right at you , and you said , " no problem , we may have gotten some birds . "
the pilot turned the plane around already , and we weren 't that far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened simultaneously .
pilot set up the machine based on hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
imagine an oncoming plane .
and then he said three words- - loveliest words i 've ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't need to talk to the sketch artist anymore .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned everything was different in a moment .
while i was thinking about it later , i remembered a phrase that said , " i collect bad wines . "
'cause when the wine comes , and the person 's there , i open it .
i don 't want to postpone anything ever again .
and this urgency , this goal , has truly changed my life .
the second thing i learned that day - - and that 's when we missed the george washington bridge , pretty much a- -
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i aspired to be better at whatever i choose .
but in my humanity , i 've given space to my ego .
and i regretted the time i wasted on meaningless things with people who mattered .
and i was thinking about dating my wife , boyfriends , people .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to purge negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't argued with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i 'm trying to be right now ; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned while the clock ticks down , " 15 , 14 , 13 , brats ,
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , like you know from documentaries .
as we crashed , i had this feeling , man , dying isn 't terrifying .
almost like we 've been preparing for this all our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to leave ; i love my life .
and that sadness really falls into one thought , which is that i want only one thing .
i just wish i could watch my kids grow up .
about a month later , i attended an appearance at my daughter elementary , not much artistic talent ...
... not yet .
and i celebrate , i cry like a baby .
and everything made sense to me .
i realized then by combining the dots , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , anything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i 've been given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift , namely looking into the future , returning and living differently .
my appeal to anyone flying today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight , please don 't - - but imagine it ;
what would you do that you delay because you think you 're gonna be there forever ?
how would you modify your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
and more than anything , are you the best parent you can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the unified field theory is fairly straightforward .
we don 't want iran to build that bomb .
the main item there for the development of nuclear weapons is the atomic initiative in djibouti .
the gray boxes you see here , they 're blank .
now , if we can compromise the systems that control plagiarism and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes aren 't licensed ; they 're based on an entirely different technology .
but if we manage to worm your way out of an effective delivery system on a laptop fueled by an interpol agent to construct this gray box , then we 're in business .
and that 's planning behind schedule .
so we 'll start with a full-body scan .
the epithelial cells are transferred into the grey box , damaging the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear program see- - completed .
that 's a breeze , isn 't it ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research on cellular regeneration six months ago , it was completely unknown to me what the purpose of this endeavor was .
the only thing we knew was very , very complicated about the dunk , the dunk part , he took advantage of countless abusers .
and it seemed like there was something comforting about those gray boxes , those nomadic tribesmen .
that excited our attention , and we started a billion-dollar project by infecting our environment , and analyzing that construct .
and then something weird happened .
grams acted like a guinea pig who didn 't like our cheeses , but refused to eat it .
that didn 't make sense to me .
and after experimenting with different kinds of cheese , i realized this was a surgical strike .
fully targeted .
the transmat delivers on the gray box when a specific configuration is configured .
and if you don 't , chunks won 't do anything .
well , that really piqued my interest , and we started working on it almost 24 hours ago , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could be , say , an indonesian american power station or a subset in germany .
so we better figure out what the target is soon .
so hacking and cataloging the telecom code , finding out he snuck into two digital warheads is a minor and a larger one .
and we also noticed that they were very professional constructed by people who obviously had all the pertinent information available .
they knew every bit and bytes they needed to hit .
they probably knew the size of the cobbler .
so you knew everything .
and while you 're at it , the encryption algorithm is cutting-edge and high-tech , let me tell you .
it 's far more sophisticated than anything we 've ever seen .
here 's a clipping from that binding code .
we 're talking from- - 15,000 lines code .
looks like old-fashioned legwork .
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out that code .
so the first thing we came up with was compelling hits because we know what they 're doing .
and then we searched for scraps and grit and tried to connect them to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories on those targets that we could substantiate .
in order to formulate these theories , we remind ourselves that this is definitely deliberate sabotage , it has to be a high-value target , and very likely it 's in iran because most infections were reported .
well , there aren 't several thousand targets in that area .
basically , it boils down to atomic energy and atomic energy in nuclear reactors .
so i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of investors and power stations from our clientele . "
and i called you and redacted your knowledge to compare your expertise to what we discovered in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to link this little digital warhead to the identity theft .
the routers are this moving part inside the centrifuge , this blackened object you 're seeing .
and if you manipulate the speed of this islet cell , you 're actually gonna snap the rotor , and eventually , explode the centrifuge .
whatever we learned , the objective of the attack was actually letting it happen slow and scary , obviously in an effort to despair , so you wouldn 't be able to figure it out fast .
the vast digital warhead we received an insight into checking out extensive data and comm systems .
so , for instance , 164 hits rock bottom of the code ; 'you can 't miss it . '
i started processing scientific literature about how these resorts are built in petri dishes , and discovered that they 're structured in corporate structures , and every cascade includes 164 properties .
so that made sense , it matched .
and it got better .
these f-16s in iran are split up into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the backyard ?
it 's almost identical .
well , again , that worked out really well .
and this gave us great confidence in what we examined here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
these results were achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often , we just ran into a cul-de-sac , had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually converging on one and another , but from different directions .
this little warhead operates on a cascade , annihilating the rotors , slows them down , and the large warhead smacks into interaction and valves .
so , on the whole , we 're confident that we 've actually determined what the target is .
it 's systemic , and it 's superficial .
so we don 't have to worry about any other targets being hit by freelancers .
here 's some really cool stuff we discovered . totally blew my socks off .
there 's the gray box down there , and on top of it , you 're looking at the glass ceiling .
well , what this thing does is intercept incoming sensors , so for example , von däniken and it provides legitimate code that 's still running with fake data during the attack .
and in fact , this phony incoming data is recorded before .
so it 's like admitting defeat , where the surveillance camera is fed beforehand through the chase .
that 's cool , right ?
obviously , the idea of this isn 't just outwitting the o.r. board .
actually , it 's much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to circumvent a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human centipede doesn 't respond fast enough .
so in a power station , for instance , when the big bang theory grows too fast , you have to open doors within milliseconds .
of course , this can 't be handled by a human centipede .
so this is where we need digital security .
and if they 're compromised , then bad things can happen .
the power plant could explode .
and neither the o.r. board nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm about to say is very important .
think about it .
he 's got nothing to do with zippers .
so , for instance , he would function just as well- - in a power station or in a boardroom .
it 's alkaline .
and you don 't need to attach the location bell rope to an embedded flash drive , like we saw on overwatch .
you might as well use ordinary kinetic technology to disseminate .
you just need to spread it as far as possible .
and if you do , you end up receiving a burst of mass destruction .
that 's the consequence we need to face .
so unfortunately , the biggest target of targets is not in the middle east .
they 're in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the untapped environments .
we need to face the consequences , and we better start preparing .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports suggesting that mossad is the mastermind behind this .
is that your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my book , mossad 's involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the superpower .
there 's only one , and that 's the united states of america , thankfully .
because otherwise , our problem would be even greater .
thanks for scaring the crap out of us .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and somewhat dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i worked dangerously in the coal mines .
i filmed in cinemascope , difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this fun in the beginning , bit awkward in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when i knew i was coming here to gaze upon the world of warcraft and weehawken ,
some of you may have heard that i placed an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent a couple of recon drones , a few assassination attempts , and i gave people the opportunity to arise on my 2011 retreat .
but other than that , it 's a very compelling opportunity .
do you know how many people watch those partitions ?
a lot .
by the way , working title .
so despite that warning , i knew someone was buying the krugerrands .
now , if you 'd asked me that a year ago , i wouldn 't be able to tell you this for sure .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new movie , we 're investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
like i said , over the years , i 've walked into some pretty horrible situations , but nothing 's been able to prepare me , nothing 's been able to equip me for anything as difficult and as dangerous as this guy .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is shoot product placement , marketing , advertising , and advertising all along with product placement , marketing , advertising .
and the movie will be called the greatest sold ever .
so what happens in the greatest movie ever earned is that everything from top to bottom , complete with postage stamp from the playbook , which you 'll see in the movie , that 's the stamp .
well , this brand , the-the stadium , the staples center .
these people will be connected to that movie for eternity - forever .
and so is the movie gonna investigate this whole idea ?
i 'm a caring person .
that was more of a emphasis .
it was " eternity , forever . "
but we will not only have brand x as target practice , but we 'll make sure we sell every category in the movie .
that way , we might sell a shoe , and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
greatest car you 've ever driven from " the movie ever earned " the greatest beverage you 've ever tasted , courtesy of the movie ever earned .
so the idea is , aside from showing brands to be part of life , technically , getting them to finance the movie ?
and we 're actually showing the whole process of how it works .
the objective of the whole movie is transparency .
you 're gonna watch the whole thing in a movie .
so this is the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i 'd be happy to make that happen .
you know , it 's funny , 'cause when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how susceptible people get .
do you have an perspective ? i don 't want to use perspective , because this has a negative connotations .
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but i think it 's worth responding to some really prominent brands .
who knows , by the time this movie gets out , we might look like idiots .
what do you think the answer 's gonna be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
translation : both .
so , not so optimistic .
so , mister , can you help me ?
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which brands .
yeah .
if you 're looking at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean we were trying to run an fmri .
turns out it was really- - we don 't want to deal with your movie .
and just like that , all these companies disappeared , one after another .
none of them wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was amazed .
you wanted nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible ;
especially in today 's world , in this interface of new and old media and dismembered skeletal frames , it 's not the idea of being in that new exciting research program that brings this message to the masses .
no , that 's what i thought .
but look , the problem was my idea had a fatal flaw , and here 's the deal- -
actually , no , that wasn 't the fault at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would 've been fine .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
look , if you 're accessing transparency into now- - that 's one of the first images that pops up .
i really like your style , sergey pavlovich .
transparency challenged by deception and deceit to simply discover and comprehend , instantly deflecting suspicion and access to information , particularly regarding business practices ,
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceos say it .
but when it comes to fruition , anything changes .
well , openness is terrifying .
she 's balmy like that weird country road .
and it 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell that story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
look , when i was a kid , and my dad caught me in a lie , and there he is , looking at me with that stare , he 'd say , " my son , there are three versions of them in every story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this movie , we wanted to tell the real story .
so what they suddenly began to understand or what i was beginning to understand is that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of your brand being understood is a comprehensive problem .
i have friends who make giant douche bags , and i have friends who make little doodles like me .
and my friends who make giant screen tvs , say the reason their movies are so successful is because of the chip cookies they have .
and then my friends who are making little doodles , " well , how are we supposed to compete with those big , humongous boards ? "
and the movie 's called the greatest movie ever sold .
so how exactly are we gonna see ban on this movie ?
every time i make my way , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , you 'll see ban cologne .
and every time i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up on this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those magnificent scents .
either systemic fusion or a paradise winds , you 'll have a choice .
we 'll be well-equipped for both men and women , too- - intelligence , or a stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now , i can answer all your questions and give you a poignant grasp .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way they talked about the smaller movies , we 're a contender as a shield .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing this kind of thing , you know , reminds people of ban citing passion .
how would you describe ban ?
ban 's tapped .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone puts on their armpits .
we 're talking bold , fresh .
i think " fresh " is a great word that makes that category truly attainable , unlike " fights and moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how do we keep her fresh for a while , fresh , thrice fresher ?
these things have a soporific effect .
and this is a high-security facility .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who 's like me , malick .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
revival connects to revival , except laundry .
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have , it 's probably dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of designer duds and stuff .
but normally , i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry , and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the badge i am , i 'd say smooth fly .
i don 't know .
i 'm the doppler radar .
i sell billboards all over the country .
so i think that 's my badge .
that 's my badge in my little distorted industry .
my badge is fedex because i was delivered .
metro hack writer 's badge .
can you do that ?
i 'm a paralegal .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be props , but i often see myself in the interface of dark and tsetse flies .
and what 's noticed is that i needed an expert .
i needed someone to get inside my head , someone who could really help me understand what they 're calling the " corina . "
and so i found a company called olson charlemagne .
you 've helped companies like ex-cons , escapes , realize pain centers .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures , right ?
first picture 's a picture of my family .
just tell me a little how this relates to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who shape my beliefs .
tell me about this world .
i think your world is the world you live in , like people around you , friends , family , the way you live your life , work and all .
all these things come and start from a place , and for me , they start with my family in west virginia .
what 's next you want to talk about ?
next .
in what context does that suggest thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird .
tell me about the " why " ep . what 's she getting us ?
what 's the machete ?
why is it important to maintain objectivity ?
tell me about this part .
a little more about you than you are .
what other scanning devices did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you !
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
well , the first thing i saw was the idea that her cyberbully was splitting up ,
they complement each other very much .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction in that .
and i think some firms will focus on one strength rather than both .
what other brands are doing this ?
first one 's a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , target , wii , mini of coopers .
well , there 's playful labels and starving stamps , those things that come and go , but a subpar brand is a huge deal .
what 's your badge ?
if someone asked you to describe your pain threshold , your pain threshold , how about it ?
are you a cannibal ?
or are you more of a hugger ?
are you something that 's a little quieter , gentler ?
mainstream media is stuff that 's playful , fresh as the fresh prince advanced , adventurous , debonair , smooth , smooth like erol , agile , agile , bound , mystical , mystical .
or are you more of a scavenger ?
are you cautious and caring like 007 ?
are you established , traditional , caring , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , familial , safe , snug , saintly , disinterested , like the dalai lama or yoda ?
in the course of the movie , we had over 500 companies who were up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
you wanted nothing to do with this movie because you had no control , no control of the product .
you encourage us to tell the story of growing up , just like we tell the story in this movie , that nowadays , uh , you use proto-beast dna to make advertising and movies .
we went to sao paulo , where polygamy was banned .
there 's been no billboards all over town for five years , no posters , no flier , no flier , nothing .
and we drove into east texas where companies roamed the countryside in droves , fairness , throughout america .
the incredible thing for me is that the feedback i 've gotten most of , or where i 've succeeded greatly , is where i prioritize .
and that 's what those badges did ,
because you circumvented the middleman restraints , and you said the agencies might be onto something .
i 'll deal directly with the artist .
i 'm gonna work with him , create something completely different , something that 'll make people think it 's tempting .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the movie opened at sundance , we can watch it .
according to grooms , the premiere was january , and since then , and that 's not even the entire thing , there were 900 million views from that movie .
that actually covers a two-week period .
that 's just online , no press , no tv .
the movie hasn 't been delivered yet .
he 's not even online .
he hasn 't gotten out of any other countries .
well , eventually , the movie gained some very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project that almost every ad agency we talked to suggested your client avoid it .
something i firmly believe in is that when you embrace your chance , you risk putting yourself at risk .
i think if you keep people away , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the entire company for profit .
i have a feeling we need to encourage people to take risks .
we need to encourage people not to fear possibilities that might frighten them .
finally , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the anxiety .
one big spoonful , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty gets us nowhere .
and that , with honesty and transparency , my entire spiel about transparency , it 's been handed to you by my good friends at techsan , who paid $ consulting fees on ebay .
big data is converted to huge opportunities for organizations across the globe .
_
thank you very much .
well , morgan , on behalf of transparency , what exactly happened to the $ 93,000 ?
that 's a great question .
i wrote a check in my pocket for the astraeus crew , the border guards , doubling a cheque for $ 20,000 in advance for funding my landscaping class next year .
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something else with google , and i suggested we do something with museums and art .
and it lasted 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories , i can tell you that at 17 interesting museums from nine countries .
but i 'm gonna focus on the screening .
there 's a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - i 'm not complaining - but i 've had access to many museums and artwork .
then when i traveled and visited these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i tried to make this yearning possible art accessible with technology .
we formed a team , a great crew , and we started this .
i guess i 'll start the demonstration , tell you some interesting things since takeoff .
so you just go to moyers .
you can browse around in all these museums .
there 's the moma , the hermitage , the back leaf , the museum of art .
i 'm even going to one of my favorites , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you get in on two things- - very simple .
click , and snap , you 're in that museum .
it doesn 't matter where you are - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you walk around and enjoy yourself .
you want to orient yourself at the museum ?
open the card , and jump with one click .
inside , they want to go down the hall .
go ahead .
browse .
thanks , but the best part 's coming .
so now i 'm looking at one of my award-winning manicurist , spoons at met .
i see this ledger .
when the museum gives us the picture , click on it .
this is one of the pictures now .
this is all metadata .
those of you that are really interested in art can click here , but i 'm clicking this out .
this is one of the images we 've been holding on to what 's called a rorschach blot .
this picture , for instance , has about 10 billion viewers , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for $ 10 billion ? "
i 'll show you this :
it 's very easy to get in and out .
you 're looking at something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then you really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , realizing something was going on .
and i thought , " hang on , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i slowly realized that these kids were actually hitting something .
i did some digging , spoke to some acquaintances at the met , and i did find out they were playing a game called complaining about a poultry stain .
apparently , it was popular .
i don 't know why you did it , but i learned something about it .
to get really close , you can go all the way to the cracks .
just to give you the rundown , let me widen it for you to see what you 're getting .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best part yet - - in a second .
let 's bounce to moma , back in new york .
another favorite painting of mine , mural .
the previous example was about finding specifics ,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes ?
and what if you want to see van gogh create that masterpiece ?
you peer into it .
i 'm gonna zoom in on one of my screen shots of this image until i 'm really onto those tears .
that 's debatable , chances are insurmountable .
now i 'm going to show you my favorite function .
there are plenty more , but i 'm running out of time .
that 's the really cool part , his name is collections .
every one of them , every - - rich or poor , doesn 't matter .
you can start and create your own museum online ; from all those pictures , you can start your own collection .
it 's simple , you walk in- - and i created this , it 's the power of zoom - you walk away .
that 's the envoy , gentlemen .
you can stack anything with notes , send your friends , start a conversation about how you feel when you look at those masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , for me , all this wonderful stuff doesn 't come from google .
i don 't think they come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they 're artists .
and that was an experience in humility .
i mean , i hope we live up to this digital media of art , and they represent neatly online .
although , the biggest question being asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of adulthood ? "
the answer to that is no .
it 's supposed to complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
your brain can be divided into two halves .
that 's the left half that 's logical , and then the right-hand half that 's intuitive .
if we had a yardstick to scale flags of every hemisphere , we could depict her brain .
for instance , this someone who 's completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have opted for one of the extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , your brain looks like that with a high voltage spike , which is simultaneously in both barrels .
it 's not like they 're exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the individuals , along with most other experimental physicists who require a good chunk of logic to submit complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need intuition to actually execute those experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we 're gonna go outside and play with it and see how it reacts .
they basically do the same thing .
so one of the advances you 've developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be in one place at a time .
i mean , it can sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at once , but you weren 't born with this idea , you developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing craps .
he was a toddler and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i bet toying with him taught him a valuable lesson , which is the big thing about letting you pass , and letting them stay in one place .
and that 's a terrific p.r. model for the world , as long as you 're not a pistons fan .
it would be a horrible model for a particle fountain because you 're not playing with matches , but with those tiny particles .
and when you play with your particle , narrow down all sorts of strange things like flying directly through walls , or you can be in two separate locations at the same time .
and so you wrote down all those observations , and you phrased the theory of quantum mechanics .
it was physics a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the tiny particles .
but they didn 't need to describe the great mundane objects around us .
i hated my intuition , and maybe it 's because i don 't play with particles that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all of these things are particles and all of these particles follow quantum mechanics , shouldn 't they just follow quantum mechanics around ?
i see no reason why that shouldn 't be .
so , clearly , i 'd feel better about the whole thing if we could show any way that quantum mechanics followed suit .
so that 's what i did a few years ago .
i created one .
this is the first item you can see that was purchased from starfleet medical .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot in the middle .
that 's the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is an image of the object .
let 's zoom in on this one .
and here 's a very tight close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a small piece of metal it 's shaped like a stepping stone , and it 's draped over the edge .
so i did this thing similar to making a computer chip .
i walked into a clean room with a new set of wheels , and danced for 100 hours at all the major appliances .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to justify this drowning pool and that thing .
this thing has the ability to be in overdrive , but it needs a little help doing it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , if i 'm alone in the elevator , i 'm doing all kinds of weird stuff , but then other people get involved , and i 'm stopping doing all of those things because i don 't want to bother them , or , frankly ,
so quantum mechanics tells us soaring objects feels the same way .
passengers for objects are not only people , but also the light that shines on them and the wind sweeping past them and the heat of space .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that piece of metal reacts violently , we threw out the passengers .
and that 's what we did .
we turned off the light , exposed it to a vacuum , filtered out all the air , almost to now , completely alone in the elevator ,
so we measured his movement .
we realized it was moving really oddly .
instead of just laying there quietly , cleaning it up .
by giving him a nudge , we were able to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something that 's only permissible under quantum mechanics .
so what i 'm telling you right now is a fantastic thing .
what does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case- - all the trillion of atoms that contain the lump of metal lying dormant ,
they match only to precise measurements .
the rest of the time , you 're flushed .
that means every atom is in two different places at once , which means the entire piece of metal is in two separate locations .
i think that 's really cool .
really .
well , it 's worth crawling me into that clean room all year , because check it out , the nucleus between a single atom and this piece of metal is roughly the difference between you and him .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at once , this piece of metal can be in two different places , then why shouldn 't you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine you 're in multiple places at once , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body was regenerated from this realm ?
there 's another aspect of this story .
when we pieced it together , turned the lights on and smashed the crate , we saw the piece of metal was always there .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are actually quantum objects grouped together in a small room .
you 're hearing a lot of talk about quantum mechanics saying everything 's connected to everything .
well , that 's not entirely true ;
there 's more to it than that . it goes deeper .
it 's like these connections , their connections with all the things around them , they literally define who they are , and that 's the screaming and weird of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided we should strategize about economic growth .
it should be our goal , that when families start thinking about where they want to live and work , they 're given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are all competitive .
right now , we 're a long way from that goal .
there are billions of people in starling city who aren 't even equipped to accommodate you .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth as much as it costs them to build .
so we could equip the world with freelancers , possibly hundreds of cities .
this may sound absurd to you , provided you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you trade apartments for cities ?
imagine half the people who want to live in apartments are doing this ; the other half isn 't .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing residences .
but you know what you 'd be drawn to , living in these flats and surrounding them , ruling law to prevent grievances , deflecting from expanding .
so it turns out to be very difficult to honor all of these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a completely new block , assuming the laws there support such a buildup , and they wouldn 't impede it .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that offer room for a town , and gave them a name : charters .
later , i found out that , like , the same time , javier and octavio is considering the challenge of honduran reform .
in the summer of 2009 honduras suffered massive casualties .
in the upcoming showdown , pepe lobo gained in transition , whose program promised both innovations and mediation .
he told octavio to be his chief of staff .
meanwhile , i 'm gearing up for a lecture on moderation .
by enhancing , sampling , and examining magistrate philipse , i 've been trying to narrow down this complicated concept of charter city to the essentials .
the first item is the importance of laws , laws that determine a preexisting condition .
we appreciate new technologies , but progress requires technology and laws .
in the fall of 2010, a friend octavio sends his gratitude to the diner .
which revealed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the president of our country ! "
so we met in december in the boardroom of a hotel in miami .
i 've tried to illustrate how valuable cities are to how much value they 're worth .
and i used that graph to show how valuable esephera is in a place like new york .
but it was kind of abstract , though , in a place where there was a break , octavio says , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the valet . "
that 's why i 've been asked by the president of honduras , who says we need to realize this project , that it 's important , and that this is the way to move forward .
i 've been asked to come to kootwijk and lecture again on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i gave another loaded lecture that involves a graphic like this , trying to illustrate that if you want to make a difference in a city , it needs to be a very large city .
this is a picture of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport that was built in denver .
this airport alone has a surface of 100 square miles .
so i 've been trying to convince city officials that if you want to build a city , you 've got to start with a 15-mile hike .
that 's over 250 grand acres .
everyone applauded politely .
the faces of the viewers were very serious and attentive .
the congressional chairman came onstage and said , " professor romer , thank you very much for your presentation , but perhaps we could watch the spice rack .
i 've got him on my laptop . "
so i sat down , and you played billiards .
and i 've come to the conclusion that a new city offers new opportunities for humans .
there 's a possibility of living in a city that 's in honduras instead of hundreds of kilometres north .
and a new city includes new opportunities for executives .
we 've entered an area .
this picture is from this place .
it holds 1,000 square kilometers easily .
and shortly after , january 19th , you voted for a change of venue to arrive at an expedited trial .
in a country right now undergoing a severe crisis , 124 acres of land .
all parties , all factions of society supported that .
to become part of the constitution , it needs to be approved twice by congress .
february 17 , second vote 114 .
immediately after this election , between february 21st and 24th , a delegation of approximately 30 federation citizens traveled to the two locations in the world that were most interested in acquiring the business .
one location is south korea .
this is a picture of a major metropolitan area built in south korea bigger than downtown boston .
everything you can see on that painting was built in four years after receiving the permits .
the other place that was very interested in fishing is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china , and the third is in preparation .
so basically , if you 're thinking about it , that 's where we stand .
you already have a wheelhouse , and you 're already considering this acreage for the second city .
it 's already worked on a legal system that allows managers to compete , and it 's worked on an external legal system .
_
there 's also anecdotal evidence implicating himself .
they even bring in funding .
one thing you already know is obvious , there are many tenants .
there are many plants willing to settle in america , especially in a populated area , and there are lots of people who 'd like to stay there .
there are 700 million people in the world who claim they want to live permanently in another place .
a million people leave latin america every year and migrate to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to work ; sometimes they 're single moms who need to earn enough money to eat and clothe .
unfortunately , sometimes it 's kids trying to find their parents , which , in some cases , they haven 't seen them in a decade .
so what 's the idea of building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even dozens of these cities , or distributed hundreds across the globe ?
so what 's the idea of insisting that every family has a choice between multiple cities in competition for new citizens ?
it 's an idea worth spreading .
my honduran friends asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i 've recently conducted a survey of 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions that nasa doctors consider a typical american in one day is 70 .
additionally , a study has been done with c.e.o.s , stumbling around for a week .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues surrounding themselves , and how much time have they spent making decisions related to the issues ?
and you found out an average ceo spends 139 bucks a week .
each of these topics consisted of many , many minor decisions , of course .
50 % of your choices have been made in nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 % of your choices , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own choices .
do you know how many choices you make in the nine minutes facing someone in one hour 's category ?
how good do you think you 're at managing decisions ?
today , i want to talk about one of the greatest upheavals in our modern age , the crossover .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , if i talk about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you some questions , and i want your answers .
if i ask you a question , since i 'm blind , just raise your hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i 'm asking you if i 'm asking you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear anything about harborfest ?
thank you .
when i was a grad student at stanford university , i went to this very exclusive grocery store ; at least it was exclusive .
it was a store called biggerson 's .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , and over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables , and more than two dozen different kinds of water , and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this store , but at a time , i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil gang .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including whoever was trapped in boxes that came from a thousand year-old artifacts .
so one day , i decided to visit the manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model work that gives people all those options ? "
and he pointed to tourists coming in every day with their cameras .
we decided to experiment , and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your strut .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
we planted a small diversion next door to the shop .
we made six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam there , and we were looking at two things- - first , what case would more people stop and taste jam ?
more people stopped when they were 24 , roughly 60 % than when they were six , about 40 % .
and after that , we looked into which case people bought a jar of jam .
now we 've seen the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when they were 24 , only three percent actually bought a jar of jam .
of the people who stopped when it was six , well , now we saw 30 % of them actually buying a jar of jam .
well , if you figured it out , people bought six sets of pots of jam , which you six picked out than if you had 24 .
well , choosing not to buy a jar of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waistline , but it turns out the armadillo 's influencing us as well- -
we choose not to , despite our best interests .
so on the topic of today , financial savings .
now , i 'm going to describe a study that i conducted with axiom parcel delivery , emir sadek , which means sweeping the decision-making process for nearly a million americans throughout the united states .
and what we looked at was whether the number of stakes that were possible for a drone attack , 401 plans , splitting up the likelihood of saving for tomorrow .
and we found out there was a connection .
so in these plans , we 've had roughly eureka 's plans that offered people anything between two and 59 different funds .
and what we discovered was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , attendance was lessened .
now , if you 're looking at extreme , the-the venture capitalist , the two foundations ,
in the schematics that offered nearly 60 permutations , now the majority whip has fallen into roughly the inevitable conclusion .
now it turns out that even if you were willing to compete , if there were more choices , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who chose to partake rather than have opportunities available to them , the more they avoided choosing stocks and bonds .
the more opportunities you had available , the sooner you pocketed all your money in foreclosure .
none of those extreme choices are connected to choices that anyone would suggest if we cared about their future financial wellbeing .
well , for the past ten years , we 've observed three principal negatives in human beings that carry more and more choices .
you 're framing her decision , even if it 's against her best interests .
you 're more likely to make poor financial and poorer medical decisions .
you choose things that make you less satisfied yourself , even if you improve them .
well , the main reason for this is that we may enjoy these huge shelves full of grad students , mustard , vinegar and marmalade , but we can 't effectively draw straws , and then actually pick something from the fabulous offer .
so what i 'm proposing today is four easy techniques that we 've tested in different ways and on different approaches that you can simply employ in your business .
first , confine it .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been truer than it is today , which is less .
people are always worried when i say , " narrow . "
you 're always worried about losing gracefully .
when proctor gamble and shoulders reduced species of 26 to 15 , you experienced a sales increase in sales by 10 % .
when golden cat corporation sold your 10, unfinished technology , you witnessed 87 % reduction in profits , the result of both , the spike in sales and reduction .
you know , average intelligence analyst today offers 45,000 products .
now , typical walmart is offering you 100,000 products today .
but the supermarket that 's today 's worst supermarket in the world , and they offer you 1,400 products in jars .
every harvard employee is automatically enrolled in a ged program .
whoever wants to make a selection is offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to narrow it down .
these are all important options . "
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how opportunities differ .
and if your employees can 't keep them apart , neither can your customers . "
well , before we started today , i had a conversation with gary .
and gary said he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a three-week vacation to the nicest street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm giving you a few seconds to read it , and then i 'm asking you to clap if you 're willing to accept gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all of them ?
well , let me show you something more .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
fact is , you objectively had more information than you did the second time , but i would venture to guess that you experienced it the second time .
because the images made it feel more real to her .
which brings me to the second technique that helps you cope with the immigration problem , it 's the accounting department .
it 's about people understanding the difference between possibilities , understanding the consequences of choice .
why average people spend 15 to 30 % more when they use a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out that if you manage to make something feel specific , it 's a very good tool for making people skimp .
and during this assembly , we kept this meeting exactly as it was , only we added a detail .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
third technique : nerve tonic .
we 're better at dealing with more categories than half-baked choices .
here 's a study we did in a sweatshop .
turns out , in basic supermarkets up and down in the northeast , the numbers vary from 331 different types of magazines to readers .
but you know what ?
because the categories are telling me how to separate them .
there are two sets of twins here .
one 's jazz , and the other 's swing .
if you think the ad is swinging and the ad is jazz on the right , clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think that 's jazz on the left and that 's swingin ' on the right side , then please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz , and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly unhelpful frenzy .
the categories need to tell the wesen council something , not to be provided for .
and you often see that problem when you look at the lengthy lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique , prerequisite for complexity .
it turns out we can handle more information than we think , we just need to simplify it .
we have to maximize complexity .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's make a very , very complicated decision , buying a car .
here 's a german engineering officer offering you a chance to configure your car entirely .
you need to make 62 separate decisions to completely design your car .
now those choices are different from the number of choices you offer for a choice .
motor cortex , control of the car . i have 56 possibilities .
engines , gears , four possibilities .
what i 'm doing now is changing the sequence of decisions .
half the customers migrate away from all sorts of possibilities , 56 consecutive life terms , four gears .
the other half of the customers are off the hook , four gears , the 56 receivers .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep using voice mail on this decision , that means you 're overwhelmed , which means i 'm losing you .
what they find out is that people who go from the crowd to the low 40s are dialing 911 over and over .
we 're losing her .
go from the few choices to the many , then stick to it .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order that information is presented .
if i start with the easy one , i learn how to shudder .
even though choosing the transmission , telling me nothing about my preferences in decorating , it still prepares me to choose .
it upsets me too about the big product i 'm cooking , and so i 'm willing to respond with interest .
let me get this straight .
i 've told you about four techniques designed to alleviate climate changes , you 're going to discount the alternatives ;
any of those techniques i describe to you today are meant to help you manage the possibilities well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service .
because i think the key to choice is being picky about the best possible choices .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
hi .
that 's right .
today , we want to talk about how viral videos are , and then , which is important .
we all want to be celebrities , singers , runaways ... when i was young , it seemed like such a hassle .
but corporate espionage allowed us all or all of our creative occupations to become insanely famous in part of our world 's culture .
every single one of you could be famous through the internet by next saturday .
but youtube 's uploading over 48 hours of video a minute .
once again , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets looked at thousands of times and so on a cultural point .
so how does this work ?
three things- - sparkle and unexpected .
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
woah !
whoa , whoa , whoa !
last year bear vasquez sent that video he filmed outside his brownstone in yosemite .
in 2010 , it was watched 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was popular for the first time last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a cameo video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow ,
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he uploaded a lot of malware .
and this video was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
here comes jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel transmitted the tweet that eventually produced the video .
because farik like jimmy kimmel gives us new and interesting ideas and treats us badly .
rebecca black 's friday is one of the busiest videos of the year .
it 's been looked at almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like double rainbow , it seems to have descended from scratch .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's true .
look , if you want to know , those other spikes are fridays .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , blogs are starting to write about it .
michael j. nelson of mystery science theater was one of the first to tweet about it .
the important thing is that an individual or group of conspirators took a stand , shared it with a crowd , and accelerating the process .
then this community formed by people sharing that big joke , and started talking about it and playing with it .
now , 10,000 parody of friday plays on youtube .
already in the first seven days , there 's been a parody of every single week .
unlike 20th-century entertainment , participation of the community is our way of becoming a member of this phenomenon - either disseminate it or adds up .
albert cat is animation and music on an endless loop .
that 's it , plain and simple .
this year , it was watched nearly 50 million times .
and if you think that 's insane , you should know that there 's a perception filter that 's watched four million times .
even cats watch that video .
cats watch cats watching this video .
what 's important is the creativity that commands from the computer banks and geeks .
there was steroid abuse .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire cast of minds blew out of the ground that made it a stupid joke that we could all attend .
today , we don 't relish anything . we indulge .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could predict double rainbow or rebecca black or oversized cat ?
what scripts could you write when you wrote this ?
in a world where video footage is uploaded every minute for two days , only truly unique and unexpected can excel like those aforementioned videos .
i admit , i wasn 't particularly interested in seeing this great video of a speeding ticket in new york .
i got a parking ticket because i wasn 't driving the beltway , but often there are disabilities to drive decently .
since this was surprisingly and humorous , casey garrison 's humorous idea and his argument was reviewed five million times .
this approach applies to everything new that we create .
and this all leads to one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
anxiety , creative problem-solving , completely unexpected ... is the traits of a new genre of media and culture that everyone has access to and where audience chooses popularity .
like i said , one of the biggest stars right now - - justin bieber got its start on youtube .
no one has to green your ideas .
and today , we all feel like the owners of our pop culture .
and that 's not the hallmark of the elderly media , and they 're barely hitting the media from today , but they 'll determine future entertainment .
thank you .
the story 's not over yet .
she 's a puzzle still being pieced together .
i want to tell you about some of the possessions .
imagine the first piece , a man who burns his life 's work .
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose entire life has been held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his homeland .
keep tabs on him as communists invaded saigon as he has to admit his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , are legion with him .
he withdrew into silence .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history was perfectly willing to crush us , but we survived .
the next piece shows a boat running softly at sea in the early dawn .
my mother may have been 18 years old when her father died - already in an arranged marriage , already with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a purpose - her family 's escape and a new life in australia .
there 's no way she could fail .
after a 4-year-old and crowning onslaught , a boat slid into the sea as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
they were terrified of pirates , rapes , and deaths .
like most adults on that boat , my mother carried a small abrasion .
if you were captured , it would 've been me and my sister , then herself and my grandmother drinking it .
my first memories are of this boat - the steady stream of motors , high-fiving every wave on the bow , the faraway and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates that came multiple times , but were fooled by the gamble of the men aboard our boat , or by the shutdown of motors that refused to budge .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next puzzle is about four women in three generations connecting to a new life .
we settled in foreclosure , one of the working-class villages , whose population consists of squatters .
unlike the luxan lottery , whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no quantum field .
smells from rat holes came from the rest of the world .
and the shreds of broken femur were exchanged between people who shared one thing- - they restarted .
my mother worked on farms , then on an assembly line , six days , double shifts .
she somehow managed to acquire time and technology .
we were poor .
every dollar was assigned to continued education for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to forego it- - most of the time , it was always secondhand .
two pairs of socks for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
school uniform up to the ankles , 'cause it had to last six years .
and there were rare but painful choirs of cheerios ! and here they are- - asians , goin ' home .
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a meeting to reconcile and a calm voice said , " i 'm gonna avoid you . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , listening to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother suffered horrible nightmares from her boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came in so i could wake her up .
she opened up shop , then ran a brokerage house , opened up another business .
and the women came along with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and inflexible , stranded children , trapped between two worlds .
loans and endorsements are wanted .
centres were built .
i lived in grindavik .
in one , i was classic asian student , gloating over herself .
in the other , i was involved in unsecure lives ... who bore tragic scars of abuse , of substance abuse , and of isolation .
but so many have gotten help over the years .
and because of that help , i was chosen in my last year of celibacy as a young australian of the year .
and i was ejected from one jigsaw puzzle to another , and the margins failed to match .
tan le , anonymous postal worker of mines , was now tan le , refugee and social activist invited to lectures in places she 'd never heard of , and in walks of life ,
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i wouldn 't make it .
she reminded me that i was about your age when we boarded the boat .
no was ever an option .
" just do it , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
_
and the more open i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all walks of life , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the brink of disaster .
and even though i graduated , i realized i couldn 't reconcile myself with a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , a newcomer , fresh in the picture , and okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from boots .
because belonging can lead so easily to collapse of horizons , can be construed as stating the obvious .
i 've stepped out of my o.r. cabinet enough to know that , yeah , tearing up the world , but not as much as you 'd expect .
opportunities that weren 't allowed were explicitly encouraged .
there was an energies , an unrelenting optimism , a strange mixture of humility and healing .
so i followed my gut .
i gathered a small team of people around me that the--the drawer labeled " not an irresistible challenge . "
we haven 't had a dime for a year .
at the end of each day , i cooked a huge pot of soup that we shared .
we worked late .
most of our ideas were insane , but there were some brilliant ones involved , and we made a breakthrough .
i made a decision to move to the states ,
after only one trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved , and the adventure went on .
before i finish my lecture , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up in a time when family values social norm and local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she created a sensation , taking him to court , and prosecuting him in her own case- -
" can 't " proved untrue .
i just showered in a hotel room in sydney when she died .
i looked through the storefront and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say good-bye .
my mother called me a few minutes after that .
a few days later , we walked into a buddhist temple in grindavik and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories , and we assured her we were still with her .
at midnight , the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding it since morning , " he says .
" you didn 't let go of it . "
if there 's a bond in our family , it goes through the women .
given who we were and how life shapes us , we can see now that the men who might have gotten in our lives would have gotten in our way .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i want to have my own kids , and i 'm thinking about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yeah , i 'm afraid of privilege , of lightness , of gaiety .
can i give you a bug in your life that defies every wave , the steady motor skills , the wide horizon , which guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this to you safely , i would .
besides , tans 's mother is here today on the fourth or fifth row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it photography at all ?
because that 's obviously a picture you can 't record with your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i acquired my first digital camera the age of 15 .
i combined it with my earlier predilection for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera , the trial was more deliberate .
and if you record a picture with a camera , the trial ends when you press the trigger .
so photography seemed more like it was about being in the right place at the right time .
i believed everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something that starts when the trigger closes .
photos like this - construction site along a much busier street .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like that- - dark and colorful , but all with the common goal , keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean environmental .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have gotten that in a photo .
photos that take a moment to figure out the trick .
so this is more about capturing an idea than actual moment .
but what 's the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is it about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but ultimately , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be summed up in a single piece of space .
it 's not about being realistic , it 's about being realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see them as a puzzle of reality , where you can pick up various pieces and reassemble to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly formed physical objects that we can all relate to in a three-dimensional world .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional ,
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we outsmart our brains , because our brain simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't make any sense .
and i see the same process combining photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make an image realistic , i think it 's the things we 're not thinking about , the things around us in our lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to remember , because otherwise , you just look like a fake .
so i 'd say there are three simple rules to follow in order to establish a realistic outcome .
as you can see , those aren 't three specific images .
combined , you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is mixing photos should have the same perspective .
secondly , combined photos should have the same markings .
and these two images meet these two requirements - - taken from the same height and level of authority .
third , it 's about making it impossible to distinguish where the individual images begin and end by seamlessly .
makes it impossible to tell how the photo was actually assembled .
here 's another example .
you might think this is just a carnival ride , and the bottom part 's rigged .
this image is actually complete from photos of different places .
personally , i realise it 's easier to create a place than to find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had that idea in winter , i knew it wouid take me several months to plan on finding the various locations for the puzzles ' plays .
for instance , the fish had been taken on a diving board .
the waterfront 's from another place .
the cane comes from a quarry .
and yes , i even burned down the house on the island of red to make it look swedish .
to establish a realistic outcome , so technically , it boils down to planning .
i always begin with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of various images .
and every piece is planned very well .
and then when you get good shots , the result can be pretty , and quite realistic .
so all sorts of tools are there , and the only thing separating us is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices fail .
and i think the important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced into adulthood is hiring a reset button .
and she doesn 't elaborate - - she puts down a cup of coffee or tea and asks patients , families , relatives , " how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the hazards of our trade , why everything- - maybe most of the electronics keep failing ;
this is my pied-à-terre .
she has a button on / off .
and every morning , i jump on it .
and , yes , i have a job , as you may see .
i 've completed my task at 95 kilos .
it works perfectly - every time i scale it , it sends my data to google health .
and that 's where you 'll be conscripted with my attorney general , so he can identify where my weight problem lies , not only in the moment i need assistance or anything , but in the past .
there is one more thing .
maybe you 're aware of this , i have 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , i jump on my lunch pail , and people are talking to me before i 'm in the car , " best to eat a salad today , lucien . "
but it 's the nicest thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure , peer pressure , to help patients , 'cause it could be used against obesity , or it could break patients .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs , and get them to play some kind of game together , control their health .
starting next week , this goes to market .
there 's gonna be this little transmat that connects to an iphone or something .
and it 'll allow people to take their blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor , and then share it with others for a little more than 100 bucks .
make methods that are easy to use , and start hugging patients on the team .
and you can achieve that by using those methods , but by proxy .
and one of the things we did , i want to share with you through a short video .
we have all our navigational systems in our cars .
maybe even on our phones .
we know exactly where all the atms surrounding businesses are .
there 's one thing we know about gas stations .
and sure , we can find freelancers .
but where 's the closest fetal position to helping this patient ?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
nobody knew where the next life-saving device was at the moment .
we 've performed exorcisms in the netherlands .
we set up a web site and asked for directions , " if you see a trauma surgeon , please tell us where he is , when he opens , " because sometimes he 's closed during business hours .
and over 10,000 quests have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was finding the apps .
and we 've plotted a mistrial .
we developed an app for brain damage , expanded reality to find that voice analysis .
and if you 're in a town like clockwork , and anyone collapses , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you 'll be able to save lives .
and as of today , we 'd like to introduce this not only as a product , but as a cost accountant .
and we want to take this to a global level .
and we 're asking our colleagues across the globe to help us behave like educators .
and if you 're on vacation and someone collapses , whether it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find that kind of cash flow .
the other thing we 're asking is companies across the globe are helping us confirm this acquisition .
these could be techs , or techs , for instance , just to insure the state troopers are still in their shoes .
please help us with this and try to improve your health more than you can manage .
thank you .
today , i 'll report unexpected discoveries .
i work in strategic development .
and my little startup wants us to push ourselves toward the environment by- -
... pay attention to detail .
here 's a short video of what we 're doing .
wait a minute .
it may take time to recharge .
well , we can just skip it - - i 'll just skip the video instead -
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
uh , wh-what 's ...
oh , my time 's up ?
okay .
the program is code for america , and it 's a little like computer science 101 .
we pick out some labs every year , and we let them work with replacements .
instead of sending them into the third world , we send them into federation territory .
and that 's where they developed great apps , workers with city employees .
but what you 're really doing is demonstrating what 's possible with technology today .
so you meet al .
hey , al 's a hydrant in boston .
how did he end up looking for help this particular way ?
we had a team of cyber experts in boston last year , following the code for america program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and you realized the city will never shovel these hydrants .
but a specific fellow , a man named erik stating something else , and that was the tenant stripping of pavements , right in front of them .
so he did what every developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app for adopting a hydrant .
you agree to shovel it when it snows .
you do that , you can name him , and he named the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away .
so there 's a nice little twist .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of 21 apps that the islet cells have written in the past year .
but she 's doing something that no other paralegal does .
it spreads fast .
there 's this guy in i.t. department of honolulu who witnessed him using that app , not for snow , but for the citizens to adopt d3mn8 .
it 's very important that these command functions work , but people steal batteries .
that 's how he got citizens to investigate .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get citizens to clean up the choking hazard .
and chicago just brought it in so people could whip up a storm cloud when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use that app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
if you know something about nano technology , you know it doesn 't usually happen .
procuring software usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three people two-and-a-half months .
it was about a method whereby parents can find out what the proper public schools are for their children .
we were told later that if it went through normal channels , it wouid have taken over two years , and it would have cost over $ 2,000,000 .
and that 's nothing .
there 's a project in california justice right now that 's cost the taxpayers $ 2 billion , and it 's not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of government .
so an app that 's written in a few days , and then spreads paralysis , that 's some kind of gunshot to the federal institution .
she shows how the government can work better than a private enterprise , how many people think she should .
and not even like an internet billionaire , but rather like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more importantly , this app is that it represents a new generation overcoming the constitutional problem ,
and that 's very good news , because it turns out we 're very good at collective trading with digital technology .
now , there 's a large congregation of people making the tools we need to tackle effectively together .
it 's not only code for america , there 's hundreds of people across the country writing voice mail every day in their own communities .
you haven 't abandoned the government .
you 're horribly frustrated with her , but you 're not complaining about fixing her .
and these people know something we lost sight of .
a lot of people quit the government today .
and if you 're one of those people , i 'm asking you to think about it , because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government eventually draws its power from us , remind yourself , " we the people ? " how we feel about it will affect how that transition happens .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like many people , i thought government integrity was primarily about choosing people to office .
well , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that primarily through drone attacks ,
tha  s the telephone directory for service and information .
that 's usually where you get dialed in your city .
so scott gets the dax symbiont .
he typing " opossum " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally , he says , " look , can you just open every door in your house and play some loud music and see if the cattle exits ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the mourning period .
boston doesn 't just have a calling center .
it has an app called " citizens militia . "
we didn 't write that app .
that 's the work of smart people in boston .
one day , this is an inactive report .
how do i get it removed ? "
but what happened to " citizens militia " is different .
scott was speaking human to human .
but on " citizens militia " , it 's all public , so everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we received was , " i crossed over there , found the trash cans behind the house .
opossum ?
turned the garbage pail upside down .
good night , sweet opossum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets physical .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is able to get into adulthood .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking about a platform for people , helping themselves and helping others .
one citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been associated with state services if it were required , but a neighbor is a far superior and cheaper alternative to state services .
when one neighbor helps another , we fortify our communities .
if we call the fire marshal , it 's gonna cost us a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we have to remember , government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they believe that one 's input .
that our contribution to the system is choosing .
that 's because the government is like an ocean , and politics are the top 6 inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it 's that contempt that makes this thing we own , and for whom we pay , be something that works against us , something else , and then we martyr ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution working for us , we need to make amends sexy .
because that 's where the actual exorcism ceremony happens .
we need to get involved with the machinery of government .
so the bennett witch did it .
have you seen these guys ?
it 's a group of concerned citizens who wrote a highly classified report that 's an answer to outsourcing .
that 's not political , that 's debatable .
well , for those of us who abandoned the government , it 's time we considered the world we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges that they have to face .
do we really believe that we can achieve what we need to accomplish without enhancing the institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
the good news is technology makes it possible to fundamentally re-create the function of the government in a way that can actually accomplish something by strengthening society .
and there 's a generation that 's grown up with koothrappali 's internet , and they know it 's not that hard to do things together , you just have to build right systems .
well , our edp 's 28 , so unfortunately , i 'm almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up taking your vote for granted .
they 're not fighting this fight we 're all fighting over who gets to speak ; they 're all entitled to speak .
you can express your opinion on every channel at any time , and you do .
so , if you 're confronted with the government 's problem , don 't worry about using their voices too much .
they 're using your hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work .
and these apps are making us use our hands to improve our communities .
might be digging a hydrant , weeding , turning a trash bin with an opossum .
and sure , we could 've gotten those hydrants again , and many humans are .
but these apps are like tiny digital memories , that we 're not just consumers , and we 're notjust consumers of government who pay taxes and receive achievements .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
and we 're not gonna upgrade the government until we improve its citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm gonna start by showing you a single boring foil .
... could you show the foil , please ?
this is foil , which i randomly selected from my folder .
this isn 't about blanket integrity , it 's about form .
this foil displays data for an analysis of our progress on programmable processors compared to the achievement of a local area network .
the interesting thing about this slide , like some other people , we encounter in our field , is a forgiving curve .
in other words , every step of this institution describes virility .
and it 's a novelty that we 're gonna have to use this guy on exponential curves in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening .
this is essentially what i 'm talking about .
so , if you could turn the lights back on , please .
little brighter than that , 'cause i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why are we drawing contrast in engineering on curves ?
they 'll look like that .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i were to chart another technology , let 's say it 's systemic , then that would be hugely conflicted .
but when something like this happens , it changes careers .
so if behavioral meds progress as quickly as possible , then we could get into a cab the day after tomorrow , and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
but it 's not that fast .
this has never been in the history of wormhole technology , this type of exponential growth , resulting in exponential expansion every few years .
the question i 'm about to ask you now is , judging by these remodeled curves , you realize they 're not going on forever .
it 's not possible that everything changes forever and ever .
there are two possibilities :
either this becomes a classic murder-suicide pact until something completely new comes along , or this happens .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i guess something like this is gonna happen .
if that 's true , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition .
we 're on this line , transition from the present world to a new species .
so the question i want to ask myself , and i often ask myself , is what this new world will be ?
what is this new state the world is beginning to embrace ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
when i was a kid , there was a future somewhere in 2000 and people were talking about what might happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize the future is still in 2000,
that 's as far as we go .
so every year , the future has shrunk for a year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason we 're realizing something 's afoot .
the transition 's happening .
and we know that there 's simply no point in trying to look forward to 30 or 50 years , because everything 's gonna be so different ,
i want to talk about what this could be , this transition that we 're in right now .
to do this , i 'm gonna talk about some other stuff first , which really doesn 't involve technology or computers .
because i think in order to truly understand this , we need to step back and look at this thing on a longer scale .
in fact , i 'd like to watch this on the brink of life .
i think the bigger picture makes sense if you break it into some billboards .
so let 's go back to earth for 2.5 billion years , because the earth was a large , man-made habitat with many combustible chemicals .
now , if you look at the way those chemicals were organized , that gives us a pretty good picture of how they handled it .
some of those epithelial cells contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to interact with other chemicals from the outside and grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
these little origami creatures were intended as aggregate .
however , these bathtub races weren 't approximately alive today , because every single one of them was just a small , accidental prescription of chemicals .
and every time it leaked , the chemicals within themselves dispersed to narcissistic traits .
so each tear was a little different .
in fact , the raindrops that contributed to growth occurring earlier than others and integrated chemicals from the outside and shared faster .
so this strain of surviving longer , and it began replicating exponentially .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but interesting , if these spikes learned a trick about abstraction .
in some way , we don 't quite understand , this teardrop has learned the ability to write down information .
you learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a specific chemical composition that we call dna .
in other words , in this shallow , evolutionary manner , you discovered a path that allowed you to write down what you were made of , so that information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that saving that kind of information over the span of two-and-a-half billion years it originated .
in fact , the recipe is for us , namely our genes , consisting of the exact same code and the same spelling .
each living organism uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we 're ready to write this code on our own .
and i 've got 100 milligrams of powder i 'm trying to keep away from security in airports .
therein lies - - what i did , i took this code - - the code is comprised of normal letters , which we use to represent ,
so if anyone wants 100 million copies of my card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i was really selfish , i would have written you on a virus and released you into space .
so what 's the next step ?
transcribing the dna was an interesting step .
and lastly , these cells - that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another very interesting step occurred , where things were completely different , which started communicating and exchanging information for communities .
i don 't know if you 've heard this before , but bacteria can actually swap dna .
that 's also why persistence grows in antibiotics .
some bacteria found out how to stay away from penicillin , and wrote that information into each other 's dna , and now we 've got plenty of bacteria resistant to penicillin , 'cause the bacteria 's communicating .
communications now permitted the grounds of communities , which were in some sense in the same boat ;
which means that if a community succeeds , all individuals in the community have been repeated and favored by evolution .
the paleontology department is now where this communities are positioned to write the recipe for the entire community on their dna .
and the next interesting phase lasted roughly one billion years .
at this point , we have singh 's communities , communities of numerous drone operators , acting together as individuals .
in fact , we 're such a close-knit community .
we have a lot of cells that aren 't on their own anymore .
your skin cells are useless without peer pressure , brain cells , et cetera .
so this communities began to evolve , so that the plane that evolution took place on , it wasn 't exactly the isolated cell , it was the entire ecosystem we referred to .
the next step occurred within perimeter .
the valerians ran dolamide .
and they developed specific structures that did nothing but process information inside the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the nerve cells are the backbone of this establishment .
they started training specialists inside the community , special structures that were responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
and this was the brain and nervous system of communities .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
because at that point , an individual - studying occurred within the span of a single organism , instead of that evolutionary span .
so an organism could learn to eat a specific fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could happen within the lifespan of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago , because that information needed to be reconstituted by the individuals who died because of that fruit , since those seed weren 't present .
so the nervous system has a front-row seat to this particular personality challenge because evolution could now occur within an individual .
it could occur within a temporal sync .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for instance , the ancient astronaut story we know is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , convoluted and confused idea in my head .
i 'm sitting here basically spouting off about myself , hoping to create a similarly confused idea in your mind that bears a distinct resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , rewrite it into tones , a sequence of tones , and manufacture something very complicated in someone else 's head .
so that allows us to function again as a unified organism .
and what we actually did , we , humanity , is start digging .
we 're going through the same levels that starfleet officers have undergone - the abstraction of our methods , maintaining data , presenting abstraction .
for example , invention of language was a small step in that direction .
techsan , computers , videotapes , et cetera , and so on , all of our linguistic mechanisms that we 've built in our community to handle that information .
and it connects us all to something much bigger , and it 's capable of evolving faster than we 've ever been .
so , in this day and age , evolution can happen in transition .
you 've also seen koothrappali 's little marmoset pajamas demonstrated a bit of evolution in the culo program right in front of you .
so now we 've reestablished our com-link .
the first steps of history that i told you took a billion years apiece .
next steps , like the nervous system and brain , lasted several hundred million years .
then the next step , like language and all , lasted less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem like a few decades .
the trial feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe peers are the word for it- - when something amplifies its nucleus .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that 's what we 're seeing here at this overgrown curve .
we see the process eating itself .
i live on computers for a living , and i know that i can 't use the mechanism i employ to build computers without making recent advances in engineering .
my current occupation is designing objects with such high complexity , that it 's impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every transistor in the tri-state area is doing .
it 's got billions of them .
and she 's partly using methods that we don 't even understand yet .
a method that 's particularly interesting , and what i 've been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
we 're installing a pulse converter on the machine that operates in the impulse reactor .
to illustrate an example , in the most extreme circumstances , we can create a program designed by random sampling .
we say , " computer , clarify 100 million random selected sequences of instructions .
now , please carry out these randomly selected instructions , conduct all the programs , and eventually dial whichever ones i designate are closest . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to organize numbers , that 's a simple example i 've already used .
so find programs that are most likely to organize numbers .
of course , the chance at random elected demands is very small that you happen to be sorting numbers , so obviously , none of the instructions are actually doing this .
but one of them likes two numbers in the correct order with any luck .
now i 'm saying , " computer , take those 10 % of the sequences that are closest to my standards .
save this , erase the rest .
now growl at all the leftover numbers that were best organized .
" analog for reproduction . "
take two programs , and they 'll produce children through the exchange of subroutines , and the children will inherit the traits of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by the combinations of programs that have gotten a little closer to outline than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
assess her .
possibly initiating some genetic mutations .
and try another generation .
all these generations require few milliseconds .
and so i can run an evolution through computers for millions of years in a matter of minutes , or in critical cases , several hours .
eventually , i get programs that can perfectly organize numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have written manually .
then when i look at these programs , i can 't tell you how they work .
i tried to understand you .
they 're holodeck programs and strange programs .
but you 're doing the job .
i know , and i 'm pretty sure you 're doing this job because you 're stepping out of hundreds of thousands of programs who did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
look at this .
says this plane is comprised of hundreds of thousands of drone pilots working together to make her flight safer .
we know that balancing a narrative isn 't optimal when it gets too complicated .
so we start relying on computers for a process that 's substantially different from the classic murder-suicide .
he allows us to produce things with a much higher complexity than normal methods would allow us to produce .
and yet we don 't fully understand the possibilities .
in a way , the technique required us .
we 're using these programs now to speed up the computers , so we 're capable of executing those trials even faster .
so it 's feeding back .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies from today feed on themselves .
we 're taking off .
we 've reached a point analogous to that era , developed senses .
so we 're amoebas , and we can 't fully account for what the hell we 're creating here .
we 're in the middle of something here .
but i really think there 's something coming after us .
i think it 's pretty prideful of us to say that we 're the end product of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of creating whatever 's coming next .
well , lunch is coming up , and i think i 'm gonna stop here now before i get tased .
my story begins right here in thirsk , roughly two years ago .
i was out there under the stars in the desert with axiom parcel delivery .
we talked about how nothing has changed since the age of indian epics .
back in the day , when we indians were gonna travel , we 'd jump into a car and tweet about the sky .
now we 're doing it with planes .
back in the day , when the great indian council was thirsty , he drew a bow , fired into the ground and water .
now we 're doing battle drills and machinery .
we 've reached the conclusion that magic and magic have been replaced by machines .
it made me really sad .
i got a little scared of technology .
it scared me that i might lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without cameras and tweet to my friends .
i figured technology should make magic possible , not kill it .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50-year-old technology became the craziest thing for me .
she became a golden gateway to a world full of pirates and ships orbiting the earth , imagining things .
it seemed to me like our fancy watches and cameras kept us from dreaming .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use her to facilitate magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 , i began to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device designed to splice readers throughout the globe .
it may know how we 're holding it .
it can know where we are .
it combines pictures and lines , and animation , sounds and touch .
the glaive needs more and more senses .
but what do we do with it ?
now , i 'm just gonna go to vlaxco , an interactive app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so it says , " this box is- - " that 's where i write my name .
and i 'm gonna be a character in that book .
every once in a while , a letter falls on me , and the ipad knows where i live . they 're right behind me .
the kid in me is really excited about possibilities .
i 've talked about magic a lot .
i mean , not magicians and dragons , but the spell of childhood , those ideas we all had as children .
i always found fireflies in a jar quite exciting .
that 's how you flip the ipad and leave the fireflies out .
and they 're lighting the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a child , could hive an entire galaxy into one marble .
and therefore , every book and world becomes a tiny marble that i draw here into the magical device within .
and this opens a card .
ancient ships had maps , but these maps were static .
this map grows and burns and serves to navigate the rest of the book .
it also reveals itself in other pages of the book .
i 'm going in here .
also , it 's important to me to create something that 's indian , but it 's also relevant .
these are the metrons .
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside india know their india colleagues , the nymphs ?
poor clutter has been trapped in cryogenic chambers for thousands of years , in an archaic book .
and we 're bringing her back in a contemporary history of children .
a story that basks in new business .
on the plus side , huge problem for the past decade is children sitting in their rooms , at their computers , without stepping out .
but now , with advanced technology , we can take our children back to the natural world with their technology .
using a book to interact , you have to go out and collect images of natural objects with your ipads .
when i was a kid , i used to collect antiquities , rocks , spoons and clams .
somehow , kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go out there and take a picture of a flower in a chapter .
in another chapter , you have to label and label a piece of bark .
that 's actually how you create a digital collection of photos you can post online .
a kid in london is showing the picture of a beaver , saying , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a kid in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
creates some sort of social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually took .
there are myriad ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we 'll interact with whoever uses the antenna video and through reality , watches an animation of elves appearing in front of the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you gotta make the sound of the wind , blow it down , read the rest of the book .
we 're all moving toward a world where the forces of nature can move closer and technologically .
we use the sun 's energy .
we bring our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and the spell , fun and the love of our childhood by the simple medium of history .
thank you .
this is truly an outstanding honor .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jails or morgue .
i spend most of my time with the weakest in the margins and places that are fraught with hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating this is , it 's given me a lot of strength .
in the short term here , i realized ted has an identity .
you can say things around here that affect the world .
and sometimes , when something comes over ted , it gets meaning and power that it doesn 't .
i 'm saying this because i believe identity is very important .
we saw some terrific presentations .
i think we 've learned that a teacher 's words mean something , but that a teacher 's words are particularly relevant .
as a doctor , you can do good .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my line of work .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household , dominated by a militia group , and this travesty was my grandmother .
she was a tough , tough woman , she had impact .
she 's had the last word in every family squabble .
she was also the beginning of many disputes in our family .
she was the daughter of a dermatologist .
her parents were born slaves in childbirth in virginia .
she was born in 1880 .
my grandmother was strong , but she was loving , too .
when i met her as a boy , she approached me and hugged me .
she squeezed me so hard , i couldn 't breathe , and then she let me go .
_
and if i said boo , she embraced me again .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
the only problem with that was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were all over the place .
i remember having to be eight or nine to wake up one morning and walk into the living room .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first , i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was like 15 or 20, then she stood up and walked over to me .
i remember it like it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget it .
she took me outside and said gad bryan , i 'm tellin ' you somethin ' , but you gotta promise me you 're not puttin ' it together .
i said i promised grandma .
she said , legally speaking , yes .
she sat me down and looked at me .
she said , rightfully so .
she said , rachel . i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , bryan , three things to promise .
i said okey-dokey , grandma .
she said first promise me you 'll always love your mama .
she said your mom is my baby , and you have to promise me you 'll always take care of her .
i adored my mother , so i said yes , grandma , that 's what i 'm going to do .
then she said , cupcake wars next , promise me you 'll always do the right thing .
i thought about it , and i said yes , grandma .
eventually , she said , celibacy .
well , i was nine years old , and so i said yes , grandma .
i grew up in the countryside , rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home and brought this six-pack of beer with him , my sister and i grabbed it and took us into the woods .
we just skulk around like usual .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister , and she accepted , and then she offered me one .
i said no , no , no , no , you guys go ahead .
my brother said go ahead , we 're doing this today , you 're doing everything we do .
come on , have a beer .
you guys go ahead .
my brother stared at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the eye and said , " oh , no , you 're not still freaking out about chatting with grandma . "
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said rowley 's grandmother tells grandchildren that they 're special .
i was devastated .
i 'm gonna tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't be doing this .
this may be broadcast publicly .
i 'm 52 years old , and i confess i 've never drunk a drop of alcohol .
i 'm saying that because i believe it 's virtuous .
if we create the right identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe in .
we can get you to do things you thought you couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandkids they 're special .
my grandfather went to prison during prohibition .
my uncles died of dysentery .
and she believed those were the topics we needed to attend to .
i 've been trying to say something about our legal system .
this country is different than it was 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in firing range and imprisonment .
today , it 's 2.3 million .
the united states has the highest tolerance level in the world today .
seven million people are paroled or incapacitated .
in my opinion , changelings fundamentally changed our world .
socially weak and black parts of the population dictate desperation and hopelessness , due to these changes .
one of three male blacks between 18 and 30, is incarcerated , paroled , or incapacitated .
inner-city neighborhoods all over the country - from los angeles to philadelphia , baltimore to washington - 50 % of black males are either incarcerated , paroled , or incapacitated by parole .
our system is formed not only by questions relating to financial problems , but by poverty .
we have a legal system in this country that treats you much better when you 're rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
wealth , not debt , affects the outcome .
still , we seem to be quite satisfied with that .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that those problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there 's been some developments .
my home state of alabama continues to elude you for execution .
here and today in alabama , 34 percent of the male population has permanently lost their vote .
we stipulate that ten years from now , the quota of commons will be as high as they were before they passed the papacy .
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
a lot of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns terminally ill children to death in prison .
this country has consecutive life sentences for children without prior convictions .
we 've got a lot of lawsuits here .
it 's the only country in the world .
i represent people in montelepre .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because they taught us that the real question is , did a person deserve to die for a crime he committed ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
however , one can think of it differently , depending on how we look at our identities .
the other angle isn 't : did someone deserve to die for a crime , but did we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
nine people we executed , someone we found innocent gets exonerated , released from death row .
one in nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let someone fly a plane if one crashes for nine planes that leave .
but somehow we get past this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race , and i 'm asking if we have the right to kill .
and it 's exciting because i teach african-american history .
i 'm talking terrorism , time against reconstruction , pending the onset of world war i.
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-americans in this country , it was a season of terror .
in many neighborhoods , people had to be afraid of rejection ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that shaped their lives .
they say no - - tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , naturally , segregation and decades of racist submission came and apartheid .
and yet there 's dynamics in our country . we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and that 's why we don 't really understand the significance of our actions in historical context .
we keep bumping into each other .
we keep creating tensions and conflicts .
we 're struggling to talk about race , and i believe that 's because we 're unwilling to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people realized segregation is impossible to overcome without the willingness to accept truth and reconciliation .
even after rwanda , there was a willingness to act , but not in this country .
i gave some lectures in germany about capital punishment .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists stood up after my lecture and said , quote , unquote bachelor parties ,
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course , they can never exist in germany .
then a woman said , entangled with our story , it 's impossible for us to ever argue again for the systematic killing of people .
it would be unconscionable for us to blindly execute humans .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state executed people , especially when there are disproportionate numbers .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet , there 's this mental abnormality .
i think our identities are being threatened .
if we don 't deal with this difficult subject , then the positive and wonderful things are affected , too .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but ultimately , these realities are overshadowed by grief , by abuse , by guilt .
it seems important to me to unite both .
'cause we 're finally talking about needing more hope , more commitment , more commitment to survive in a complex world .
for me , raising time , thinking , talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , the ones that will never be with ted .
but think about it in a way that 's hardwired to our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see .
we do- - as rational as we are , much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development , they 're not just coming out of our heads .
they come from ideas that are driven by the conviction in our hearts .
it 's this can-do spirit that i believe drives us , not only be open to all the bright and dissolute things ,
havel , the great czech politician , has once said :
historically , when we fought oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all sorts of things , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual orientation , the willingness to be in hopeless locations sometimes , and witness .
this mental orientation is the focal point of what i believe to be true for .
there 's no distinction between technology and design that allows us to be completely human unless we have eyes and ears for poverty , dignity , and injustice .
this identity demands a lot more than we cared about .
she 'll touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i 've earned the privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women met and just chatted .
then mrs. carr called me every once in a while and said , quote , unquote bryan , mrs. parks is coming into town .
you want to jump in and listen to this ?
and i said yes , i 'd love to .
she said , quote , and what are you gonna do when you get here ?
i said , quote , unquote .
and i went over there and i just listened .
it 's always been so inspiring , so cathartic .
one day , i was sitting there listening to those women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me saying , quote , unquote now , bryan ,
what are you trying to accomplish ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said we 're trying to counter injustice .
we want to help people who were convicted of murder .
we 're trying to suppress bias and discrimination in litigation .
we 're going to abolish life sentences without qualified juvenile delinquency .
we want to do something about capital punishment .
we 're trying to reduce inmates .
we want to abolish civil rights violations .
mm-hmm .
she said that- - that- - that 's gonna make her very , very tired .
then mrs carr leaned over , laid a finger on my face and said , quote ,
and that 's why i think the night-night gun should be braver .
we have to choose sides against these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately , our humanity hangs on our entire humanity .
in my line of work , i learned very simple things .
i learned some simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
i believe that applies to every human on the planet .
when someone lies , they 're not just liars .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to them , they 're not just thieves .
even killing someone isn 't just killing them .
and because it is , there 's an essential human dignity that needs to respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
eventually , society isn 't measured by how she treats her rich and privileged , but how she treats the poor , the detainees .
because in this context , we begin to grasp the truly amazing things that define us .
sometimes i lose my balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i 'm getting tired , like the rest of us .
sometimes those ideas come naturally to our minds , in a very important way .
i represent those kids who were sentenced to severe punishments .
i 'm going to county to visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old and be tried as an adult .
then i ask myself , how did this happen ?
how does a judge turn someone into something they 're not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i do see a child .
one night , i stayed up late thinking , gosh , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he must have powers .
right , bryan , the judge has powers .
you should wish for some .
and since it was late , and i couldn 't think straight , i started working on a proposal .
i had a brain-damaged , poor black boy for a client .
and i started this petition .
in my motion , i explained that impropriety is acceptable to the prosecution and the police as well as leverage .
there was a crazy line about how right everything else is , that there 's only indecency left .
the next morning , i woke up , and i didn 't know if i was dreaming about this insane proposal or actually writing it .
and in my horror , i had written him not only , but sent him to court .
a few months passed , and i 'd forgotten everything .
eventually , i chose , god , i have to go to court and plead this insane case .
i got in the car , and i was really- - overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
eventually , i stepped out of my car and walked up the courthouse steps .
when i walked down the aisle to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , janitor in court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , quote , unquote , who are you ?
i told you i was a lawyer .
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , quote , unquote .
and i have to say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deeply in me , identity , the ability of each individual , to contribute to a community , to a sense of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , mr. stevenson , did you apply that manic proposal ?
i said yes .
more and more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i wrote those crazy things .
officers came in , asa and office workers .
in no time , courtroom was full of people who were angry , that we were talking about color , poverty , inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i watched the janitor walk away .
he kept looking through the window , hearing all that hullabaloo .
he pacing .
eventually , this older boogeyman came into court with a very worried accessing documents .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a recess .
during recess , a police officer came in , who resented the janitor being in court .
that deputy ran over to the older blackie .
he said , waxy jimmy , what are you doing in court ?
i came to ted because i think a lot of them realized that the moral pendel of the universe persists , but that justice prevails .
that we 're not fully developed as humans until we care about human values .
that our entire survival is tied to each other 's survival .
that we need to combine our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most importantly , i want to say to those of you who agree to this , just keep your eye on things .
you saw an obvious request in this audience and listened to help them and do something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson : well , there are opportunities everywhere .
if they 're living in california , there 's a vx nerve gas attack this spring regarding actual exertion , rerouting incoming debris , otherwise leaking into the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for instance , over the next five years , you 're gonna spend a billion dollars on capital punishment .
and yet 46 % of teenage daddies don 't end up with arrests .
56 % of courtroom experience is inadmissible .
there 's a chance to do something here .
that referendum is expected to invest the money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
during the past three decades , crime rate has decreased significantly .
that fact is often associated with elevated thoron emissions .
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
well , actually , violent crime hasn 't changed much .
most of the fallout in this country wasn 't exactly in the realm of violent crime .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic numbers in prison inmates come from .
we 've gotten carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now we have publicly traded threatening e-mails that send people away forever for a technicality , for petty theft , instead of forcing them to return the items to their victims .
i think we need to do more to help people who 've fallen victim to crime , not anymore .
and i don 't think our current relationship agreement helps anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you 've really struck a string here .
you 're an inspiring person .
thank you for meeting ted .
bin laden 's death carries increased risk of injury .
_
malignant cartels .
_
_
drug traffickers .
recession , doomsday , egypt .
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i 've collected over the past six months ; it could 've been the last six days .
the fact is , the media prefers to address us on negative issues because our minds are paying attention to those topics .
and there 's a very good reason for that , too .
every second of the day , our senses absorb a lot more information than our brain can handle .
and because we care about nothing more than our survival , the first stop for all the information is a component of our amygdala .
so , amygdala is our early warning system , which is our fear center .
sorting and sifting all the information in search of any indication of danger in our midst .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to keep an eye out for negative news .
and the old adage , " when it bleeds , demand rises " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices serving us these negative news seven days a week , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world 's getting worse .
but maybe that 's not the case .
maybe that 's reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we 've made in the last century accelerates due to a series of powers , speeds up our ability to create a world of warcraft .
well , i 'm not saying we don 't have much of a problem - undo , undo , undo , and undo , - we already have .
and as humans , we 're much better at predicting problems in the vastness , but ultimately overcoming them .
let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last century , so we can anticipate that development .
in the last 100 years , average life expectancy has doubled , plummeting toward inflation in the world 's population .
infant mortality has decreased by one-tenth .
plus , the exponential growth factor and growth factor has decreased significantly .
steve pinker taught us that we are living in a very peaceful time of fisticuffs .
and according to charles kenny , revenues are up 25 % in the past 130 years .
we live in a truly remarkable age .
and a lot of people forget that .
and we keep raising our expectations .
in fact , we redefined poverty .
remember , a large portion of americans living under the poverty line has access to electricity , water , gas tanks , television sets , air conditioners , automobiles .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the creators of the earth , could never dream of such luxury items .
the basis of a lot of it is technology , and it grows exponentially .
my good friend ray blindness has shown us that any tool that becomes strangulation does wonders for the curve of moore 's law , doubling itself every 12 to 24 months .
that 's why your cellphone in your bag costs roughly a million times less and hides a supercomputer in your 70s .
now look at this curve .
it 's moore 's law for the last hundred years .
note two things at this turn .
firstly , how smooth it goes - - for better or worse , war or peace , recession , depression , et cetera .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's not slowing down for any of our major problems .
besides , despite your protestations of loyalty , it 's heading up .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , behind moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you saw calico supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i looked through the papers once , looking for the best headlines i could find .
i love this one : " watson defies human adversaries . "
" risk " isn 't an easy game .
it 's about understanding the nuances of speech .
imagine that artificial intelligence is available to any owner of a multi-billion dollar corporation .
four years ago , ray nicolet and i cleared out here today at ted 's house .
we 're teaching our students all these technologies with special focus on how they can be utilized to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask students to create products and services that can positively coexist in a decade .
think about how a group of students today can affect billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today , we can refer to dozens of companies that have accomplished exactly that .
when i think of manufacturing wealth , i don 't mean a lifetime of luxury for everyone on this planet ;
it 's about gaining limitless amounts .
scarcity is central europe , and technology is a powerful resource .
here 's an example .
this is napoleon iii 's story in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he 's invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon himself became napoleon 's soldiers .
however , the king of siam was given jamaharon .
aluminum was the richest metal on the planet at that time , valuable as gold and platinum .
this is why the dome of aluminum was crafted .
although aluminum has taken sides of the toxic waste , it doesn 't appear to be pure metal .
it 's interconnected by oxygen and subspace harmonics .
but then the technology from the astraeus project was designed and provided operational knowledge so effectively , we 're using our transporters .
then let 's project that analogy into the future .
we 're thinking turkey day .
ladies and gentlemen , we 're living on a planet filled with thousands of energy per annum .
16 akritirian forces converge on the surface every 88 minutes .
it 's not scarcity , it 's accountability .
and there 's good news .
this year , they 've managed to reduce cost of expansion in india to 50 % of the price range - 632 rupees compared to 17 rupees .
solar power cost plummeted 50 % last year .
last month , this released to a study that shows that by the end of this decade , in sunny areas of america , solar energy costs 6 cents per capita , compared to 15 cents on the nation .
and if we have an abundance of food , then we 'll have plenty of water .
let 's talk turkey baster .
remember carl sagan , 1990 , when it passed saturn traveled back to earth ?
he took a famous picture .
" a pale blue dot . "
because we live on a battlefield .
we live on a planet fueled by water .
yeah , there 's 5.8 % salt water , two percent iced , and we 're fighting for 0.5 % of the water on the planet , but there 's hope here .
and there 's new technologies , not 10 or 20 years from now .
there are new arrivals coming in the offing .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean drinking water per day from various sources - salt water , latrine , and all for less than two cents a liter .
the president of coca-cola has just agreed to create a large coca-cola empire with 100 ccs of lungs .
and if everything goes smoothly , and i 'm confident , then coca-cola will employ that technology globally in 206 countries throughout the planet .
this is incendiary innovation that exists today .
and we saw this on c-span .
oh , my gosh , we 're almost at 70 % occupancy rate till the end of 2013 .
just remember , a former president reagan with a cellphone in the middle of kenya has a better resume than president reagan did 25 years ago .
and if you 're searching on google with your smartphone , you 've got more access to drones and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
you live in a world that has information and communication galore , like no one has ever predicted .
and it gets better , the things that you and i spent several thousand bucks on do- - gps , guidance counselor and photo , libraries full of books and music , technology for medical review ,
and the best part of it is probably what awaits us in the field of health .
in the past month , i 've had the pleasure of announcing the retirement package to the so-called " $ 10 million prototype aged tricorder x. "
we challenge teams across the globe to splice all those technologies together in a cell phone so you can speak to the device , seeing as it 's fitted with ai , you can inoculate or your labs .
and to win , the device needs to diagnose as well as a team of vorta .
imagine this device , smack dab in the middle of a trauma center where doctors don 't exist , but 25 % of study time and 1.3 % of employee privacy .
if this device emits a pandemic or vaccine , which isn 't known , it 'll call nhs and avert a pandemic .
but now , the greatest force that will lead us to a world of warcraft .
i call her " the upcoming billion . "
white lines represent populace .
we just passed muster .
and besides , the biggest insurance policy against rejection is a better education and nutrition in the world .
2010 , we barely connected with two billion people online .
by 2020 , we will proceed from 2 billion joules .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of are joining global communications .
what do these people need ?
what will you consume ?
and in lieu of lube , i see one of the biggest economic philosophers in history .
these people represent tens of thousands of dollars that are gonna plunge into global economics .
and you 'll be healthier by using the 3d printer , and you 'll be more productive than ever .
so what can three billion fast-growing , healthy , productive members of the rulanti crime family bring us ?
how about a sentence that 's never been heard before ?
how about giving whoever you are a vote to draw attention to yourself and create change for the first time ?
what are these three billion people gonna bring ?
how about contributions we can 't predict ?
one of the things i learned from the x ray is that small teams fueled by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big businesses and governments could only create in the past .
i want to finish a story that really swept me off my feet .
there 's a program some of us may already know .
it 's a game called chutes and ladders .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acids to investigate how the protein will evolve .
depending on his behavior , we can predict structure and function .
and this is very important in peds .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by rustlers , etc .
and there are hundreds of thousands of people playing the game online now .
and it showed that these days , human dna resequencing is better than calico .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future is the fact that we have more power than individuals to face the challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with programmable technology .
we have the passion of a musketeer .
we have the capital of g.d. security .
and we have three billion new heads to work online with to cope with the new challenges , and to do whatever it takes .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i believe we have to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i believe it begins with a physician , and that 's me .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own phony identity to allow it .
however , before i get down to the nitty-gritty ,
hey , why not ?
we 're closing in on the world cup .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball has great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" basketball players " comes up and revolve around statistics and putting together a great baseball team .
i 'm gonna refer to a statistic that i hope most of you have heard .
it 's the mating season .
we 're talking 300 when a thug hits 300 .
that means the player 's gonna hit three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball in court , he steps in , he doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it , and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
do you know what they call a baseball bat in major league ?
well , really good , maybe a newbie .
do you know what it 's called ?
that 's someone who 's probably hitting four out of ten , by the way .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - last major league baseball player who scored over 400 times during a legitimate season .
let 's transfer back to my world of medicine , where i 'm feeling a lot more comfortable , or maybe a little less comfortable than i 've talked to you about .
assuming you have appendicitis , you 're transferred to a operative whose billings are 400 in comparison to bullets .
somehow this isn 't working , is it ?
assuming you live in a certain secluded area , and you 've got a loved one covered in swamp fever , and your gp sends him to a cardiologist whose heart rate is 200 degrees .
but , uh , you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's hitting 257 .
somehow this isn 't working .
but i 'm gonna ask you a question .
what do you think peds surgeons for a cardiologist or a nurse or an ortho surgeon should be , like , a trauma surgeon ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , nobody in all this medicine knows what a good surgeon or doctor or pediatric surgery is .
what we 're doing , though , is sending everyone , including me into the world with their claim to be perfect .
never make a mistake , though no one worries about details of how this happens .
and that 's the message i took in med school .
i was a compulsive grad student .
in high school , a classmate said brian danziger 's study for a blood test .
and it was .
and i learned in my little soiree at the toronto general hospital , not far from here .
i memorized everything .
in my chiropractic school , i learned the origins and strains of every branch of an artery creaking from the aorta , obscure and common complication .
i even knew the differential to diagnose shaky granola bars .
and all that time , i collected knowledge .
and i was good , i graduated with honors .
and i dropped out of med school with the impression that if i memorized everything , or at least as much as possible ,
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i died of a teaching hospital here in toronto , as mrs. drucker , being brought to me in the icu .
at that point , i was assigned to stellar cartography .
and it was my job to investigate the arachnid nebula .
and rsvp to my attending .
i examined frau drucker , and she was in respiratory distress .
and listening to her , she made gurgling noises .
and when i stapled her chest together , i heard a thumping noise on both sides , which told me she was congestive heart failure .
that 's a condition where the heart fails , instead of pumping all the blood , part of the blood settles into the lungs and starts filling it up , so shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a difficult diagnosis .
i hired her and went to treatment .
i gave her aspirin , gave her medicine to relieve the pressure .
i gave her meds we call petri dishes , water tablets , so she could counteract the fluid .
and over an hour and a half to two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and that 's when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without consulting my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and do what i was supposed to , which was a call to my attending to discuss it with him , so he had a chance to make his own decision .
and he knew her , he 'd be able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to succeed and accept his responsibility , that i acted like this , and so i 'd be able to provide for my patients without contacting him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending you home , i disobeyed a quiet voice inside of me that tried to tell me , goldman , not a good idea .
in fact , i lacked self-esteem enough to ask the nurse who cared about mrs. drucker , " do you think it 's okay for her to go home ? "
and the nurse thought about it , and she said in descending order , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge , and an ambulance came and took her home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , i had this nagging feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my bags , left the hospital , and went to the parking lot to drive home with the car , doing something i didn 't normally do .
i walked through the storefront on my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse who looked after drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words fear the most cardio surgeons i know .
other surgeons tend to dread those , but the nicu is specifically , because we see patients so narrowly .
the three words are , remember ?
" remember the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse factually .
" well , she 's back , " she said in that particular register .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after i texted her home , she collapsed , family called 911 .
she hardly breathed in and turned blue .
the dispersal system went haywire .
they gave her stimulants .
they 've hooked her up to pediatrics .
i was shocked and broken .
and i lived on that coaster because she wound up in icu , and i hoped she 'd recover .
and after two or three days , she realized she 'd never wake up .
she had inoperable brain damage .
her family rallied .
and over the next eight or nine days , you 've surrendered to reason .
on the 20th day , you 're walking away mrs. drucker , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say you never forget the names of those things that govern you .
and that was the first time i heard that .
if you make amends , and you never make that mistake again .
that 's the type of detached shame .
the unhealthy way i talk about it is what makes you sick inside .
it 's the one who tells you that what you did is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't because of my temper , he was sweet .
he spoke to the family , and i 'm sure he overturned the boards and made sure i wasn 't sued .
but i kept asking myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely , it worked out .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds , and the sun came out , and i said to myself maybe i could feel better .
and i negotiated that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never made a mistake , the vote could fall apart .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at the plastics posse upstate , and i punctured a 25-year-old male with rabies .
it was crowded and i was in a hurry .
he always pointed out here .
i looked down your throat , and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a scrip for penicillin , and i sent him away .
and yet , when he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next grad student , and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" remember the patient with the irritated jaws ? "
turns out he 's lactose intolerant .
he had a potentially destabilizing disease called chagas .
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the bile duct , it 's an upper airway .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he received intravenous lines ; he was recovering a few days later .
and i went through the same ordeal of shame and self-doubt , felt exempt and went head-to-head until it happened again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice .
there 's a lot to be proud of , especially considering you 're working in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at the time .
either way , i didn 't send her home , and there was no flaw in her treatment .
one of them thought he had kidney stones .
well , i ordered an x-ray of the kidneys , and when that was inconclusive , my colleague informs me that the patient 's renal failure was diagnosed in the lower right sector and called triple-a .
the other one had severe diarrhoea .
i ordered o.r. staff to mow him down and asked my colleague to inspect him as well .
and he did , and when he discovered a reset button in the right lower sector , he called dibs .
both cases were handled , and they were fine .
both cases disgusted me , ate me .
and i 'd be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes happened only in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim to be utter nonsense .
some of my aliases have happened in the last five years .
alone , mortified and friendless .
here 's the problem : if i can 't make my mistakes and talk about them , if i have a quiet voice telling me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you won 't make the same ones ?
if i walk into a room like this , i have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
when 's the last time you heard from someone who spoke of failure over failure ?
oh , yeah , you 're going to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you 're not gonna hear anyone talk about their mistakes .
and in fact , if me or my colleague knew an orthopedist { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } about someone else 's leg in my hospital { \ pos ( 192,210 ) } suggests i 'm having trouble looking into their eyes .
that 's the system we live in .
it 's total denial of mistakes .
it 's a system where there are two basic positions , the ones who make mistakes , and the ones who don 't do- - those who limit sleep deprivation and those without reservation , those with bad outcomes .
it 's almost an ideological reaction like antibodies that attack a human .
and there 's an idea that if we banish whoever mistakes from medicine , we 'll have a safer system .
but there are two problems with that .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolute .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day when one out of ten infections is either one false or inaccurate
in this state , 24,000 canadians will die of hasty mistakes .
in the united states , the medical school estimated the number of 100,000 .
both are competitive , because we 're not looking at the problem exactly as we should be .
and is the doppler effect .
in a high-security facility where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't compete .
lack of sleep is rampant .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive fault , so we can choose a perfect location for a patient with chest pain .
then i pick up the same patient with personality disorders , make him sweaty and prattling , and then suddenly the story is laced with scorn .
i 'm not taking the same route .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always report their symptoms to me .
all of this is inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i was taught to do it , discard all of sakaar , then there 's none left after all .
and do you know the spiel about people who don 't want to discuss their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , snatching up daisies .
you want to tell your stories .
you want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i made . "
what you need is an environment that enables you .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it begins with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a human being , knows about its humanity , accepts it , is not proud of making mistakes , but gambles with whatever it takes to pass it on .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports someone else 's mistakes .
and she exposes others of their mistakes , not to embarrass themselves , but in a loving , caring way that everyone benefits .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes humans filling the system with life , and if that 's true , then people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the newly defined doctor .
i 'm human .
i 'm--i 'm sorry , but i 'm trying to learn best from this to spread it around .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me infer from three of my own words :
i 'm gonna talk about a tiny , little idea .
it 's about myasthenia gravis .
and because that idea can be explained in a minute , i 'm gonna tell you three stories beforehand to seize the time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
i think you know he was here .
they may think he was hunting finches , but it 's not true .
actually , he collected fish .
he described one of them as " common . "
it was a zero-sum game .
he was fished in the eighties .
now he 's on the endangered species list .
we 've heard that story a lot of times from the islanders or some places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're getting somewhere .
we still think they 're primal .
the brochures still describe you as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is designed to illustrate another concept
because i experienced it when i was studying a lagoon in connecticut .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could integrate .
and i got a terrible sunburn , and i-i was convinced that i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon was palm trees and some mangrove swamp trash .
there was dilation of the blood vessels , heart attacks , a subset of violent offenders .
the specifics of this intelligence test were extensive , and fishermen were successful in ghana .
when i returned to it 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
fully grown , they measured five centimeters .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be here , too .
so nothing 's changed , and yet everything 's changed .
my third little tale tells of my complicity in the liberation of southeast asia .
back in the 1970s , sooner than the 60s , europe funded a lot of neighborhoods .
nazca meant countries that have already caught 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing of this rather ugly ship , ö ren resembled .
i rode along on it , and we hit bumps all over south china sea , especially in the south seas .
we had no words for what we captured there .
i know now it was the bottom of the ocean .
90 % of our inventory was sponges , other animals affiliated with the root .
most of the fish , the little dots there on the wreckage , the debris .
essentially , the ocean came on deck and was thrown back .
these images are exceptional , because the transition is happening fast .
within a year , you accumulate , and then you begin the fishing expedition .
the reason is altered .
that 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we captured one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill her , because she was well-fed .
in fact , this mountain is piled up by fishermen every time they travel into areas they 've never been fished .
it 's not documented though .
we 're changing the world , but we don 't remember it .
we adjust our approaches to the new level and don 't remember what happened .
if you extrapolate , here 's what happens .
there 's some good stuff on the periodic table - registers , numbers of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
in time , it changes .
every generation considers the images you embrace at the beginning of your conscious life as standard , bringing down everything .
the difference becomes a loss .
but you 're missing the previous losses .
there may be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want is to preserve the pathetic residue .
that is basically our goal .
we want to preserve things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
you 'd think right now that the problem was affecting people who certainly did when they were in ethnic societies , killing animals , and weren 't aware of what they were doing until recently .
because apparently , an animal that 's been around a lot rarely until it hardens .
so you don 't lose endangered animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that 's why it 's not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big shots , and in the ocean , those are the big fish .
they 're getting fewer by capturing them .
over time , there 's not much fish left , and we think this is the father-daughter dance .
the question is , why do people accept that ?
well , because you don 't know it was different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , are gonna confirm that it was really different .
you 'll confirm it , because the evidence of you citing earlier forms is not how you want to present the evidence .
for example , there 's an anecdote , that the report of a sea captain wha  s happened in this neck of the woods can 't be used , or usually props , 'cause he 's not scientific .
so we have a situation where people don 't know the past , even though we live in sophisticated societies , because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
that shows an extraordinarily large role that an actor can play .
because fundamentally , we 're rebuilding the past .
we recreate the past that humans can 't fathom because the islet cells changed , and it 's very low .
with that , the people who see a lapse in judgment , the ability to reset their warp drive .
what about the people who aren 't capable of this , because they don 't have access - - the midwest , for instance ?
here , i think the art and the movie might fill the void , as well as simulations .
this is the chesapeake bay simulation .
a long time ago , there was no- - 500 years ago .
and the avatar perhaps .
if you 're thinking about avatar , if you 're thinking about why people were affected so- - besides the avatar , why were you so touched by the intersect ?
because it contributed something that was lost in some way .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give is to cameron to spin avatar ii under water .
thank you .
in the 80s , in communist east germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
you also had to register a sheet of typewriter ribbon .
the reason why the government was able to trace where a text came from .
when they found an article with questionable ideas , they managed to track down the architect of those thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would restrict speech .
in our own countries , we would never do anything like that .
that happens to us today .
and nobody seems upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and that 's one of the three basic moves from the existing sensor readings .
let 's take a look at what 's really happening in the world- - dividing the strikes into categories .
we got three bogeys .
there are safeguards .
for example , here , that 's mr. kiev 's traveling salesman in ukraine .
and motives of abuse are very easy to understand .
these people earn money .
they 're using proto-beast dna to earn money- - huge amounts of money .
there are several high-profile cases of drone strikes , hash workers who 've earned their money from attacks .
this is vladimir nikolayevich panshin ?
that 's alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn ironside .
this is matthew anderson , tariq valeska , and so on .
intelligence commandeered an american account two months ago when it was frozen .
mr. sabich 's self is released from custody , location unknown .
and i submit that today is more likely we 'll be victims of plagiarism than a felony in the real world .
and it 's very obvious this is only gonna get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play out online .
the second largest load of latinum we 're seeing today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else- - protests , an opinion , or by your audience .
anonymous groups have risen over the past 12 months and become one of the world 's most violent offenders on the frontline .
so these are the three priors - criminals who operate on money , narcotics like anonymous , who resist , but the last group is nations , governments guiding the attacks .
we 've got cases on our hands , like prothero 's .
it illustrates what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
whether it was a mechanical marvel from the netherlands ... or it was .
last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , 'cause silverpool was hacked .
someone broke in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week in a meeting with dutch velders , i asked one of the leaders in this group to believe it was possible to die based on drone status .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in response to such hacks ?
gastric bypass is a liver function .
they sell hoagies .
what do you do with zippers ?
well , certification , for instance .
but you can if you want to enlist
hack law-enforcement databases and issued phony credentials .
and that 's exactly what happened in case of implosion .
how 's it going with arab spring and stuff like that happening in egypt ?
well , in egypt , rebel forces raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police in april , 2011 and they found a lot of files .
there was a folder titled " party planner . "
and in this folder were notes from a local company that had sold some programs to the egyptian government that they were- - in a very large way , intercepting communications from the citizens .
you sold that program to the egyptian government for 17,000 euros .
the transplant team is right here .
so western governments cater to coup d 'etat , allowing them to move against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for instance , in germany , only a few weeks ago , found the so-called postal worker , which was a trojan who was used by german settlers to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're suspected in a criminal investigation , your phone 's tapped .
but today , we 're way beyond that .
you 're tapping into your internet connection .
they 're using funds like the keystroke logger , telling everyone about their computer with a trojan who allows them to monitor their entire communication , listening to their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , then people 's obvious response is , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't affect me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that argument doesn 't make sense .
privacy has to be given .
privacy is non-negotiable .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
and while we may trust our governments today , in 2011 , any law we relinquish has been suspended .
and do we blindly trust any future government , a government we may have in 50 years ?
those are the questions we 're gonna have to deal with for the next 50 years .
this may seem strange to you , but i 'm a huge fan of floral arrangements .
so the initial hyperspace probes were built and perfected by a simple idea : modules of cement balanced .
subspace fractures began to degrade in the world very quickly .
you put us in a position to build things bigger than ourselves , buildings , bridges , stone after stone .
essentially , the stressor of our time began .
almost a century later , in 1947 , lego was released .
it 's called the automated dated stone .
and within a few years , legos everywhere .
it 's estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced - or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
legos made it happen for everyone .
legos basically took the history channel , the vending machines of the world , made it a priority for our imagination .
meanwhile , the following year , bell labs announced the next revolution , the next basquiat .
the transistor was a small power surge that would get us from a world of static , static bricks to a world where everything was static .
like the block , the transistor allows us to build much bigger , more complex data , one stone at a time .
but there 's a transistor :
personally , i don 't accept that editing our time is reserved for experts , and so i chose to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started researching the idea of seizing the power of engineers .
a few years ago , i started developing antiviral .
let me show you how it works .
herbal teas are electronic modules , designed to function .
you 're soaking wet , audio , engine and sensor .
and the best part is they connect to magnets .
so you can 't put it together incorrectly .
the rocks are corroded .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input , and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build bigger o.r.
you put a blue one on a green , and you can turn the light on .
you can insert a switch in the middle , so you created a small self-destruct device .
take the switch off to illustrate , and you 've made a tiny blinker .
add that buzzer for an additional effect , and you 've created a liver lac .
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond simple playing , warp technology is actually quite powerful .
instead of programming , wiring , soldering ,
so to speed up or slow down the bleep , just flip that button , and he 'll accelerate the pulse or slower .
the idea behind shoreline is that it 's a growing library .
we want every interaction in this world routed to a burned-out stone .
lights , beeps , engine noise , everything should be available .
we gave birth control to children and watched them play with it .
and it was an incredible experience .
the nicest thing about you is starting to understand the electronics that surround you in life and you don 't learn at school .
like a nightlight works , or why the elevator doors recede , or how an ipod responds to touch .
we 've also taken jennsen .
so , for instance , we had designers with no experience in electronics that started playing with boomerangs as a material .
here we go , with felt , paper and water bottles , like drano .
a few weeks ago , we rounded up strays , gave them props , which had no tech know-how , only cardboard , wood , paper , and told them to go screw themselves .
here 's an example of a project you were doing , a neat trick .
but wait , this is really my pied-à-terre .
it 's a dough lobster who 's afraid of the dark .
for this incendiary device , inversion became another material , electronics , just became another material .
and we want to make this footage available to everyone .
so nightingale 's open source .
they can go to the web site , download all the shipping manifests , make them themselves .
we want to encourage the maker , the builder , because this world we live in , this interactive world belongs to us .
so go ahead and invent it .
thank you .
