and , of course , of course , of course , we all share the same the same , the same , same , same , same , same , same , same , same , same .
we we are all we are all we are we we we are all we are we we we are all born we we we bring to bring children to the world
we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are going to go through the
we we we we we must we must we must to deal with the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , we must , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we must , we , we , we , we , we , we must ,
but interesting interesting interesting is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
all these all these people , all these people , they teach us that there are other , other , different ways to to , to guide the earth .
and that this is this is is a that is a that , when when you think about it , you can only do with hope .
together together together , the the the countless , the countless , the countless , the the the countless , the the the countless , the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the is the the the the the is the the the the the great the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
she she is is the the the symbol of all of what we are , and what we are , as a the most amazing , most amazing , most capable species .
and as and as as the as the as the the the the , the as the the , the , the , the , the , the , and , as , as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most important indicator of that is the the extinction of the languages .
when when when each of you were born in this room , when each of you were born in this room , there were , in the earth , there were , like , 6,000 languages .
now , now , a a a language is not not only is a not only is a not only is a not only is the the the the full of the , or a a series of the most beautiful .
a language is a language is the expression of the human mind .
she is she is a is a a means which the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
every every language is as a a a a a a a a the a a the a mind , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and and of of these the , of these the , of these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , of , the , the , the , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they they they will no they will no they will no they will no no , they will no longer be taught , that if nothing is done , they are , they are , they are , they are , dead .
what what what could what could what could could be more lonely than to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be
and yet , yet yet , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
" let let let let it be let it be , let it be . "
and and and then suddenly , you would suddenly you would suddenly you would see what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
now now now there are some among among us , who , in a way , i , when i say , " different possibilities of his , " really different possibilities of his .
take , for for for , for , for , for , for , , for , , , for , , , , , , take , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this is is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
you you you you you you you have you have a a strange , strange language , and a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
all all this , in all of this , in the the the strange , the the the strange , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they just listen , they just listen and then they start to talk .
or , or , one of the one of the the the one of the the the the the most beautiful of the , the one of the the most beautiful tribes i have ever lived with in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in in in the year , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , of , in the , in the , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in ,
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they they they they , they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , , they , they , they , they ,
but , but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
54 % of 54 % of of the deaths occurred by the time of death .
but at at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their hunters their hunters , their hunters , their hunters , they could smell the the the urine of an animal from 40 paces away , and they could determine which of which it belonged to .
to to to give this this sensation , i , of , i , of , i , of , i , of , i , of , i , of , i , of , i , i , of , i , of , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
on the contrary , on the contrary , it is is a a a complex , complex , complex , complex , complex .
it it is interesting .
if if if if i asked you , i would ask you would ask you , would i ask you , would i ask you , would i ask you , would i ask you , the the great , the great , the , the what would you say ?
christianity , islam , islam , islam , buddhism , or , or whatever .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
but but but what what what voodoo that voodoo that which makes voodoo so so interesting is that this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the the the the living the the the the the the the the the living the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the living the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the spirits the the spirits of the the the spirits can can can , the the , the the , the the the , the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
" you white men go to the church and talk about god
we we we we we dance in the we we we dance in the in the the temple and we will become to the god .
and because because because because you you are possessed , you will be taken by the spirit .
you see see see this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
well , well , from all of all the people i have met , the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the descendants of the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the ancient the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in a in a in a in a in a a the in a the in the a the in the a the in the a the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
until until this day to this day , they will be ruled by a the the the education of the the the the the , of course , is very extraordinary .
and during during all this time , during all of this time , you will be , in , in , in , and in all of this time , you will , in and in all of this time , you will be , you will be , you will be , to be , to be , to be , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
it it it is so wonderful it is so wonderful , you must protect it .
they they they they they they call themselves the the the the older the older the older brothers and they say that we , who we are the the the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now now , this this level of intuition is very important .
so , , natives , natives are not neither sentimental , nor will they be weakened by nostalgia .
well , well , what what what does that mean ?
whether whether he is a a a a a a a a place of a mind or a a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting the interesting is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i grew up in the the the the in the the the the in the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
now , when when when when you begin to see the the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it it it it it is it is a a a picture that i took only last april in the the the northwest of the amazon .
this this is this this is is this is is is is , this is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , this is , is , is , is , is , is , is this , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is this , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is
this this this this this this plant contains some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very similar to the very , very , very .
if , if , if you have have ever seen you have ever seen the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , you , the , you , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this powder that powder to the the the powder that is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
it it it is it is not is not is is is not a the a the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but the the thing about the thing with is the , the thing with the , the the thing with the , the , the the thing with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you can only can only , in connection with a few other chemicals , they can only be taken in with a few of the other chemicals , which the the the the mao tse-tung .
now , the the the fascinating is that the the the the the the the the the the the the the most fascinating is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
how how can how can these people , from a the of of a the of of of a the of of the , of how can these people , from a the of of of the , in the of a of of the , in the , of , of , of , of the , of the , of , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we we we we we use use use use this this great , this great , that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
but but when you ask the the the indians , they say , " the the plant speaks to us . "
so , so , what what what what does that mean ?
this this this this tribe , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and then you you ask you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
i i i i i i i i mean , , , you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you know nothing , and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out , it turns out that you take each of the 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to one in a different kind of a different kind .
well , well , that that that it does not not not bring you a not a a a phd in harvard , but it is much more interesting than to , you know , to , to , to , to , uh , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
well , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
all all all the cultures , all all the cultures , they , they , they all , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
and the the the problem is the problem is not the the the technology is not the technology itself .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
not not not change , change , and technology , is not to threaten to threaten the integrity of the , it is power , the ugly face of the rule .
or or if if when we go to the the the the mountains of tibet , where i , for i , for i , i , i , for , shall , shall see the the ugly face of the ugly face of the political dominance .
you you you you you you you , the genocide , the genocide , the the genocide , the the genocide , the genocide , the the genocide of man , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the genocide of the genocide of the genocide of the genocide of the genocide of the genocide , the genocide , the genocide , the genocide , the genocide , the genocide , the
and and you you can you can you can you can you can cannot not understand the the suffering of the suffering of , if you have not not seen it on the very level .
the the the father of this young man , the father of this young man , the father of this young man , the father of this young man , the father of this young man , was identified as the followers of the
that that which meant that he was , that he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his his uncle , his his uncle , his his uncle , he fled with his his his , his his his his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his uncle , his uncle , his , his , his ,
his his his mother his mother his mother , his mother , his mother , his mother , his mother , was locked in , to be a punishment for the to be wealthy for the crime .
he he he he was he he was he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two two years at the age of two , to hide in the under of her , as she could not live without him .
the the the the sister , the sister who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who ,
one day one day one day , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , by mistake , , , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
the the the the the the the suffering of the suffering of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the spirit of man 's spirit of
and in the end , in the end , in the end , we are we , we are , we , we , we , we , in the end , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and and it it it is it is it is it is it is it that it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is it is , it is , it is it is it is it is , it is , it is it is it is it is
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the modern modern modern modern the modern industrial world as we we know it is is not nearly 300 years old .
well , now , this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
if if we ask , if we ask these many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many ,
here is here is a a a a a picture i took in at the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the canadian government , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the grandfather of this old man 's grandfather , this old man 's grandfather refused .
the the the the family the the the family who was afraid for his life , took all the weapons and all the tools .
now , you must now you must know that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the your the the the the the , of your the , were originally made of the fish that was wrapped in the
the the the the man 's grandfather , the the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the the night of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he , he , his , and he , as the , and when the , when the , when the , when the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
he he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he , he he he he , he he he , he he he , he , the , he , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
that is how you can do nothing to do nothing .
and this this is , in many many many many , in many many many ways , is a symbol of the the resistance of the and of all the natives in the world .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the canadian the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the canadian the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it is our is our new our new home , and it is is our new home , and it is called the " the " the " the " the " .
it it it it is an independent , independent territory , and they control all of the world 's top .
an an an amazing example of , such as a a a a nation , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and finally , finally , i i i , i i i think it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant , to these distant , to these distant , to see that they are not at all .
you you you you you are you are the the people of someone .
and for all of us , the dreams of these children , as the dreams of the the the dreams of our children , the dreams of our children , the dreams of our own children , in the of the geography .
what what what we are we we we are we we we are at , what we are trying to do at the national geographic national geographic is that we believe that politicians can never achieve anything .
we we we we we we we we believe that , we we we believe that , we we believe that , we we believe that , that we , that we , that we , that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we believe ,
the the the the of the the the of the the the the the of the the the the of the great , the
our our magazines our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we we we we see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many
and and it it it it it it it it it doesn no matter how many of the information we look at , how big are these , or how big the pictures are .
most of most of most of you , most of you are are digital pictures of a camera , but this one , for example , is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a scan of the of the of the of the the , uh , uh , and it is in a about in a about a about a about a about 300 , a ...
it it it it makes no no difference , because the the only thing that can limit the power of a system like this , is the number of the number on your screen in every moment , and it has a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
this this this this is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
this this this is this is , this is is , this is , this is , the house of dickens , every column is a chapter .
to to to prove to prove that it really is a a a text and not a picture , we can we can do something like what we can do to really to show that this is a a true , a true , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
maybe maybe maybe maybe this is this is an artificial way to read a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " " a " " a " " " " a " .
i wouldn 't i i wouldn 't not recommend it .
this this this is a this is a a this is a edition of the guardian .
every great picture of every great picture is the the the beginning of a new year .
and that it that it gives you that it gives you the the pleasure and the good experience to to read a true , a magazine or a a newspaper , which is a kind of a medium medium medium medium medium with a number of newspaper .
we we we we also did also do something on the corner of this special edition of the the the guardian .
we we we we we we we we have designed a false false , a very high resolution that is much higher than a normal ad , and we have added additional contents .
if if if if if you would you would like to see the the the the the functions of this car , you can see it here .
or other or other other other models , or even technical specs .
and and this this this this is really really is really is really is really is that this is really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , is ... .. ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
we we we we hope hope hope that this no longer means no more , no , no , no , that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , , of course , of course , the , of course , the , the , of course , is , the , of course , the , the , the , of course , is , the , the , the , the , the , the , of , the , of , the , the , of , is , the , the , the , the , the , of , of , the , of , of , of , is , the , the , the , the , of ,
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but these are all these are all all the the roads in the the , the , the , the ...
up on the top of the top , on the top of the most beautiful picture of nasa .
now let let let let let let let let us now let we get something else out .
this this is this is is even live on the internet , you can check it out .
this this this this is is a a a a project with the name of " the " , " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " that " two different " " " " " " " " " " " " "
the one is the one is the one is the one is the one is the one is the one is the one is the one is is the one , is the one , is the one , is the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the one is is is a is a is a is a very good research is a very good research of which is a very good research of which is that is is , is , is , is , is ,
and and and , and rick rick rick rick rick rick rick rick rick , was , by the of the microsoft research , a very good collaboration .
so so this this this is live is live on the internet , and it is driven by a power source .
you you you can you can you can you can see that when we create this kind of a kind of a kind of a ... that we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the multiple resolution .
but but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
there are there are some who are many who are many who are much more powerful .
we we we we had we we had to worry about the lawyers and the lawyers .
so so so so , these are all , all , and they all , they are all , in this way , in this way , in a relationship .
and and we and we we can we can we can , in this very , very simple way we can navigate .
you you you you know , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i never i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am very , very grateful for the reception here .
i i i i i i i i i suppose you you can you can see that these are many many different types of cameras , everything is , from the , from the , of the , you , from the , to , you , you , you , are , a very , a very large number of you , all , all being all patched up in this environment .
and if and if possible , i i will find some of the strange .
many many many of them are many of them are covered by faces , covered by faces .
somewhere around here somewhere here is a series of photographs - here they are .
this this this is is indeed a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
we we can we can we can from from the the poster to change from a physical view of this environment .
the the point is here is here is that we can do things with the social social environment , and now they are now are now gathered data from all the members of the entire collective collective collective collective memory , as visual , the earth looks and everything is connected .
all all all these photos , all these photos will be linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum of the parts .
you you will receive a a a a model that comes from all the earth .
consider this , consider this this , as the to the to to the to to the to to the to to the to the work of stephen , the to of the work of stephen , the to of the earth .
and and this is this is something that is something that , through the the the the complexity that the people use it , grow and the use of the the user with the application is growing .
their their their their their own photos will be with their own pictures will be filled with the which a different person entered .
and , of course , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , of , , , , , , , , , , and , of , of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thank you .
do i , do i , do i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
yes , yes , she she does nothing but to see .
if if if if you want you , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , you will make it , between the images .
and and she she she she she she does this , because of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the ...
and this this this is this is is is really exciting when you think of the the fill of the most ... of the most ... the most of these pictures have .
like how when when when when when you do you do you do you do you do do you do a you you you do , like when you do you you you do a , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
but but how how how how how how would it be if the the picture that connects you to all your pictures ?
then then the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this is , this is , this is , this is really , really , really , really , really incredible .
thank you , thank you .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will tell you i i will tell you some things i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to to begin with to what i call " official , "
the the official official official official " the " official " of what ?
the the the the official official official official official of all the western of all the western , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the the the official official official the the the official the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the reason for this is is that freedom in itself is good , is of value , meaning , is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
when when when when when people have have freedom , then every one of us act for ourselves to to do the things that our the good and our good , and no one has to decide for us .
the the the the the the the the way to freedom to freedom to is is the choice of to be .
the the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the the more the the the more the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this this is , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and it it it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is
i i i will i i will i will give you some examples to give you some examples of what will give us modern progress .
this this this is this this is my , this is my supermarket , not a big one .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i just want to i just want to say something a little something about ...
so this is what it is is like is the the supermarket .
and and then , you go to to the the the , you go to the , you go to the , you go to the the the , the the , the , you go to the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we can we can we can we can we can we can we we can we can we we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can we can
you must you must you must admit that this is a great choice .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there there there was a time there was a time when when when i was a boy , you could have had every phone provider you wanted as long as he came from ma bell .
you you you you you you you you you you rented your phone , you you you didn 't buy it .
a episode of which was that the phone was never broken .
these days these days are over .
we we now we have almost now we have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are these are are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my my my favorite is is the the the in the the the in the middle of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , my favorite is is is the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and , and if if , if if if you have not not not you have not yet , you can you be sure you will soon .
and what what what what what it does is it makes people to go into business and ask that question .
do you now do you know what now you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is " no no . "
it is it is it is not is not is not it is not impossible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other in in other in other in other in other the in of of the life , which are a much more powerful than the buying of objects , the the same explosion of the earth .
it is it is it is no longer the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
instead , instead , you go to the doctor , and the the the doctor tells you that we could do a , or we could make b .
a a a a has has these the benefits and the risks .
b b b b b has these the benefits and the risks .
and you you you you say , " doctor , what what do i do ? "
the the the the the doctor says , " a " , " a " has these advantages and risks , and " b " has the benefits and the risks .
what what what what what do you you you want to do ?
and if if if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the the the the doctor says , " but i am i i am not you . "
there there is there is there is a a a huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge , huge marketing for people like you and me , that , when you think about it makes no sense at all because we don 't buy it .
why why why do they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
the the the answer is , you you expect us to call the doctor the the the next morning and to ask for a change from the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
something a a a something as as so as as as so as , as our , is now a question of the choice of how to show this foil .
we we we we we do not inherit no identity , we we we invent them .
and and we we we we we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
that means that every day every day every day when you wake up in the morning you must decide what kind of person you want to be .
in regards to marriage to marriage and family , there was a time in which the , the , of which , in which , in which , in the marriage and family , , , there was , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which the marriage , in which the marriage , the marriage , the marriage , the marriage ,
the the only one true true choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
these these days , everything is easy to have .
i i i i i i i i teach to teach a wonderful , beautiful , intelligent , intelligent students , and i give you 20 % less work than i did before .
and that not , not that , not because you are not , not because you are less careful .
it it it is because because because you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you are you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
shall i shall marry shall i shall marry shall i shall marry shall i shall have to have children , or shall i , or shall i , to make a career ?
they are they are are all all all the most ...
and and you you you you you will answer these questions , you will , you will , you will , you will answer to these questions , you will , you will answer to these questions , and you will , you will answer to answer to these questions , regardless , whether that is to do all the to do all the tasks that which i , that which i , to do , that which i , that which i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and , in fact , in fact , you should do , these are the most important things to ask .
we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we are we we we we are we we are we we are we are we are blessed we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are
there , by the by , there is , by the by the by , there is , by the by the by the by the by , there is a a corner that i will not tell to tell to to to to to anyone that will the the the that will that will that will work of the will .
i i i i i i i i will not i will not i will not i will not tell you , i will not tell you because i want to use it .
so what what what what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work , work , and again and again and again and again , whether we should work or shouldn 't work .
we we we can we we can we can we can we can watch our kids playing football , and we can watch our kids playing football , and we can watch our kids playing football , and we have our our phone on the one hip , and our blackberry on our other hip , and our laptop , probably on our lap .
and , even though , even though , even if they are all shut down , every minute that we watch our child , when we watch to mutilate a child , we ask , " should i take that call ?
should i , should i , should i , should i , should i , i , should i , i , should i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and even though , even though the the answer to the question " no , " is it it will surely it will surely it will , that it will , that your child 's knowledge of her child 's her child 's memory will be very different from it .
everywhere we look everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so i to to to to to to to to to to say , there were some of there , but not everything was a question of choice .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the world that we we live in now is that .
and the the question is is , is is is is is is is is is is is is is that good or bad news ?
the answer is " yes . "
we we we we all we all we all know what is good is what is good about it , so i will know what is bad about it .
all all of these , all these , all of these , these , all these , these , all these , these , these , these , all , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , all , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
a an effect of an effect of a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
with so many so many so many so many so many so many options you can choose from , it it is a very hard thing to people to decide at all .
i i i will i will i will give you another , more , more , more , more , a study of investment in volunteers .
a a a a colleague of mine , a colleague of mine , had had had access to a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a colleague of mine , a colleague of mine , a colleague of mine , i , had had had had had had access to the ... on the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the ... of the
and what she what she found she was , she was , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
you you offer you you you offer 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , 50 , you take less employees , as if she would only offer five .
because because because it it is 50 50 50 is 50 , that it is so hard to decide which to choose , that they will delay it for tomorrow .
and then tomorrow and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , will never come tomorrow .
by , by the not , , by the not , by the not , , , , they , by , by , by , by , to , by , by , by , by , by , by , by the not to , to , to , by , by , to , by , by , to , by , by , by , by , by , by , to , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by
paralysis is paralysis is a result of too many of too many of too many .
and and i i i i i i i i i i think it makes the world look so .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you don you don you you don you you don you don you don you you you you you you don you you don you don you you don you don you you you don you don you you you you don you don you don you you don you don you you you you you don you don you don you you don you don you don
the the the the other effect is that even if we can overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we will end up less content with the the outcome of the selection , as if we had the opportunity to choose between ourselves .
and there there are several reasons for this .
the the the the more the the more the the the more the the the the more the the the the the more the the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more
two , two , what what what what is the name of " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " of " , "
dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan , dan , dan , dan , dan , dan , dan , dan , dan , he did did a big point this morning by telling how much the way we assess things , depends on what we compare it .
good good good , if , if , if there are many many many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many
here here here is an example , for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here here here is what what you should have thought .
here there 's a couple here in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful .
what what could what could be better ? " damn " the man thinks it 's august .
everyone in my every in my most beautiful neighborhood is gone .
i could i i could i could i could park right in front of my house .
and and he he he spends he spends two two two weeks spent two weeks chasing two weeks of the thought that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking lot day .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and the the the more the the more the the more the the the more attractive qualities of these choices are considered in the the the most attractive .
here here is another example .
well , well , now , this this cartoon cartoon is doing some of the statements .
he he he he he he he he he he makes a a a statement about to live in the now and maybe to do things slowly .
but but a a a a more important point that he is , always who you choose for one thing , you you decide to choose not to do other things .
and and and these other other other things , these other things may have many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , and it will , what they will do , they will make less attractive .
three , three , the the escalation of expectations .
this this this this this this this i met when i i was trying to change my jeans .
i i i wear jeans , i i wear jeans , i wear jeans , i wear jeans , almost all the time .
so so so went to went to to to to to to to to buy new jeans , after many years of the old man 's , and i said , " i would like to have a pair of jeans , here is my size . "
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
do you want do you you want to do buttons , or do you want to , or do you want to , you want to , you want to , like , do you want to do buttons , or zip , or rock , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , or , you ,
do you you you want you you want jeans jeans with holes ?
would would you would would would would you would cut down , cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , cut , down , cut , cut , cut , blah , blah , blah , blah , and so on .
my my my my my my my my jaw was was down , and after i recovered i i i said , " i i i i would like to have the the the the the kind that used to be the only way . "
he he he had had had had had had had had had had no idea what it was , so i i spent an hour with all those damn jeans , and i i i left the business , and i tell the truth to the the the the truth with the best jeans i ever had .
i i i i had i i had i i had i i had it better , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but but i i i i i i i felt i felt i felt i was feeling worse .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wrote a i i i wrote a i i wrote a i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wrote a i i i wrote a i wrote a i i i i i i i i wrote a i wrote a i i i i i i i i i
the reason the reason why i i i felt i felt i was feeling i was feeling i was feeling worse with all of these available possibilities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans were going up .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i had very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
when when when when they came to in a 100 , in a 100 fucking way , one of them should have been perfect ,
and and what i got what i got was was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so so i compared to so i compared to what i i i i had , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and and this this this this will lead to no less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the world of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the truth the truth is the truth is more like this .
the the the reason why is that , that in the past , that , in the past , was the the reason why , that , in the past , was that , in the past , , , , , was to to to to make people 's experience that were a pleasant surprise .
these today , in in the in the the the world where we live we we we , we , we , we , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they will never they will never they will never , they will never , they will never be pleasant , because their expectations , my expectations , they are , they are , they are .
the the the the secret to the the the secret to the the the secret to the the the secret to the , the the the secret to the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to say i , i i i , i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i could not have i could not have made it better , i i i i didn 't not have settled .
but but to settle down is not always is not always such a bad thing .
when when when hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of different kinds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that is disappointing and you ask why , who is responsible ?
is is is it also is also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you you you could have you could have done it better .
with with with 100 a 100 different 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there is no excuse for mistakes .
and so so , when when when people make people make decisions , and even though the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed in them , they blame themselves .
clinical clinical clinical clinical clinical depression ... exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so so so so so so so so is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so so so let let me let let me remind you .
this this is this is is the the official official , the the one that we all think is right is completely wrong , it 's not true .
there there there is no no no no question , there is no question , there is no question , that there is no question that is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
there there is a there is a magic a magic a magic a i i i i i don don 't i don 't know what it is .
i i i i i i i am pretty sure pretty sure that we have missed this point for a long time , we have improved our common good .
now , now , as a a a a , as a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
there there there are many many places in the world , and we have heard of many of you , whose problem is not the too much choice .
your problem is your problem is that you have too little .
so so , the things things i talk about are are a strange problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what what what is is is so so so frustrating and what is so so so frustrating and so what is so so so so so so so so so so so frustrating and so what is so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so
what what i tell what i tell you is what i tell you is is that these expensive , complicated , complicated , complicated , complicated decisions , it is not it is not easy that you don 't help .
they even hurt .
they they they they they they they they make that we are worse we are .
if if if , if something of what , that what , that what , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in conclusion , , please read , read , read this cartoon , and , a highly sophisticated person , says , " what does this fish know ?
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know nothing you can do in this , in this ,
and that is the way i first read it .
the the the the the more i i thought the the the more i i thought the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more i thought the the the the the the the the the the the the that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
because the the truth is the truth is that when when you break the , the the truth is , the the truth is , the the truth is that when you break the , the you have no freedom .
if if when you break the the the the the the you and you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you .
they will increase the increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everyone needs to need a a " a "
this this this this is is is almost almost , with almost , with a complete , complete security , it is , perhaps even for the fish , definitely for us .
but , but that , that , that , that is , is , is , is , is , and , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
thank thank you , thank you very much .
you you you you you you you you know i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i have i i have i have i have i i i have i have i have i i have i i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i i i have i have i have i have
in , in fact , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we we we we we we have always have always tried to always try to ask a more important question .
it it is is something i i believe that many of the many of the people who have tried to understand and that on different levels .
we we we we we we we we have tried different different different different different ways to try to make it easier to make it easier to make it easier to the most basic components .
we we we we have , we have , we have , for almost 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 .
now , now we are now we are now we are we are now we are we are we are we are now we are we are we are we are to try to to wonder if we can regenerate life or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this this is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we we we we we we we have managed to give up about a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
so therefore , we we have we we have we have we have we have decided that it is the the only way forward is this is to , in fact , to to to , in which we will allow the individual components to vary , and so to ask some of some of the most of these questions .
and so so so so so so so we we started with the question , can can we , can we , can we , can we , can we , can we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
is is is is is is is is is it that allows the chemistry to create these really big , really big molecules that has never been done before ?
and what if if if if if if we can do that , can we can start the launch ?
a a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
our our our our our steps in the the the the times of life were exponentially .
our our our ability to to to write genetic genetic code , has developed a very slowly , but still , and our our last point would now set to a more ... a more ... a more ... a more ... a more ... a more ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
we we we started it 15 years ago 15 years ago .
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it , it it it it , it it it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
as it turns out , it is a very difficult thing to do .
there there there are there there are tens of thousands of tens of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of machines around the the world who can make the little pieces of dna , 30 to 50 to 50 , but it is it is a more a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes .
so so so so so we had we had to have had to develop a a a new method that we put together these little pieces and we could correct the mistakes .
that this was was our first our first our first attempt , beginning with the digital digital information , the " the " the " b. "
it it it is it is a a a a a a little virus that kills bacteria .
we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
the the the the the the the the the exciting phase came when we took this piece of the , the the the , the the the the the exciting , the the the the exciting phase of the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the exciting , the the the the the the exciting , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i recently i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i i have i i i i have i i i i have i i i i i i have i i i have i i i i i i i have i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i have i have i have i have i have i i i i i i i i have i i i
they they they they they they they they they laughed more than you do here .
so so so we we we we we think that this is a situation in the software that can actually build your own hardware in a biological system .
design design design is the key is the key , and if you want to start digital information on the computer , this digital information must really be flawless .
when when when we first the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if if we had used the the original sequence , it would never have been possible .
a part of a part of of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long , and which have to have to , with other , the with other , the will of the design , to build smaller pieces that match .
we we we have we have we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
you you you you may have heard that we may have heard that we have put in some of the , uh ...
think think , think , think , we we have a code , a , c , g , and t .
and here there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a every one of those , every one of these .
so so so so so we can we can use the the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts , thoughts .
at first , all we did was just signed .
some some some people were disappointed that it was not a poetry .
we we we we we we we built the the , we built the pieces so that we could just , we could just , we could just , we could , we , there , there , there are , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , that
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have we we we have we we we we have we we we have we we have we we we have we we we we we we we we we have we we we have we we we have we we have we we we we we we have we have we we we have we have we we we have we have we have we have
in each step , we , in each and every step , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we we have tried to try to to get to the point of the time of the war .
so , this this looks like it looks like it 's a ... it 's like a ... it 's like a ... it 's like a ... it 's like a ...
when when when when we when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we knew of a a the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the .
there there is an example of this , there is an organism called the the the the three million of the three million wheel of the three million wheel of radiation .
you you you you see in the the in the the the upper field , you see that in the the the upper field , that his , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
12 to 12 , 12 to 24 , 24 hours later , it all put everything back together the way it was .
we we have we have thousands of thousands of thousands of organisms that can do that .
these these the organisms these organisms can can become totally drained , they can even live in the vacuum .
i i i am i i am i am i i am i i i am i i am i i i am i i am i i am i i i am i i am i am i i am i am i am i am i am i am i i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am absolutely i am absolutely
in fact , in fact , nasa , nasa has shown that there are a lot of that out there .
here here is a this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a this is a a a this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
this this this is not is not is not a , it is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a regular , a regular , a .
it it it it it is such is such a a a great a great a great molecule so that we can even see it with the , uh , the , the , uh ...
these are these are images for over a period of six seconds .
this is this is the the the the the paper that we just recently completed .
it it is the the the the the the the largest of the the most of the the the most of the the the most , the most of the the most beautiful , the most beautiful and the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most
it it it has a a it has a a a a it of a it that has over 300 million .
if if if if we would print it out with with a a a 10 and without a , it would , it would , it would , it would , it would , would , would , in , would , would , would , in the , would , would , would , , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would ,
well , well , how how how how how how do we launch a " a " ?
obviously , it is obvious that it is , with a virus , it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it
it it it it it is it it it is as it is , it it it is it it it it is as it is , it it it it it is as it is , it it it it it is as it it is so that in in in in in in in in in in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
in the with in the , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the the the new the the the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the new
in fact , in fact , we we thought that this is the end , but we have tried to keep the process a little further .
this is this is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of evolution here .
we we we we we we we we we we we find all all of all the species of species here , who have taken a second of a , or a a third of from somewhere , every once a thousands of thousands of species in just a a second to a more a single .
so , so people , so people , who , who , who , who , as a to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , people , who , who , who , who , who , who , in the people , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , by the , by the , by the , by the
there are , there are there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , the , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it was it was it was it was in the in the in the the in the the in the the the the in the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it it it it it was blue blue blue blue , because of the genes we had added .
and and after a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
all all the proteins all the proteins the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it may it may may may may may may may sound like the sound of the sound , but we can , by moving to the the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now i have now i have now i have now i have i i i have i i i have i i i have now i have i i i i have i i i i i have i i i i i have now i have i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i have
and and i i i i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i i have i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
why why why why should we should do that ?
i i i i i i think it it it it it it it it it is it is rather obvious that , in light of what we need .
we we we we are we we we are we we we are , from 6 and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 .
i was born in 1946 .
today today there are three three three three three people on this planet for each who has existed in the year of 1946 , within 40 years , there will be four .
we we we we we we have problems with we have problems with , with fresh and fresh and boiling water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it it will a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a challenge that will offer for nine .
we we we we need to we need over five , over five billion tons of coal , ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... ..
if if when we think about what we think of about the biological process , or any process to replace it , it will be a huge challenge .
then , of course , , of course , , of course , there is the all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we we we now we have now , from from from our discovery of from all over the world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i i want to believe that these are the the the most powerful of the future .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we we here , in the first , here in the first line to the the the limits of the biological reality and to those of our imagination .
we we we we we have today have technology today , because of this quickly , we have to to do what we call " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " of " the " the " the " the " of " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " "
we now have now now we have now have the opportunity to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if if , if you you imagine , to to make these 20 , to make these 20 million , or to make these , to make these , or to make new new new new new new , new new new , new , we can change with a just a little team more than the last 20 years .
and it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is that we can go back to the ,
this this is is a a recording of the of a a a recording of the true , a recording of the of of the true , true , true , true , true , true , true , true , and new species on the computer .
you you you you you know , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we do not we we we do not not we we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we we we now we are now now we are now we are now to concentrate on the fourth generation of the fourth generation .
you you you you you you have recently recently recently seen the corn on the corn , which is just a bad experiment .
we we we we we we have we have have have , we have have , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we have , we , we , we have , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
but , as we , as we think , the the only way that the the only way that biology , the the the only way we can , is that , the the only way we think , is , the the the only way that biology , is to work ,
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we think we will be the first to be the first with the the first of the fourth generation , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but but in our , in our , in our the discovery of the world , we all have different methods .
this is this is is a an organism that we described in 1996 .
he he he he lives in the , in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , he lives in the , the , the , the , he lives in the , in the , the , in the , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
it it it it it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it that it is , that it that it is , it that it that it that it is , it that it that it that it that it is , it that it that it that it that it that it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we to see if we can we can use some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some
within within within within within a brief period of time , we we believe that we may be able to solve one of the basic questions of life .
you you you know , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we really have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
but just as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
you you you you you you you you you saw it this this year with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think that this can can be changed by creating a ...
this is is it it it is it , as the the future may may may may may may may be , with the changes , today , the the the of the the the the the the the , of the , of , with a synthetic bacteria , and , and , perhaps ,
we we we we we we we we are light years away from we are light years away from to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
at the the last ted the last ted conference , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i promised i i i i i i i i i i promised i would come back to explain to you how the machine works .
and for all those who were not there , the the , the the , the the the , the the is is is is the the the the greatest scientific scientific experiment that has ever been has ever been , 27 miles in diameter .
his his task is to to to create the the conditions , which , less than a , a less , a less , a the second , the the the time of the the the the the the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
it it it it it it it is simply simply simply is simply simply simply a ... ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
this this this is this is the the the the machine below of geneva .
we we we we we we we we we take pictures of these pictures of these in the , uh , the , uh ...
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
here here , a this a this a the a the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
on september 10 , september 10 , last september 10 , last the the machine was the first time .
and and this picture this picture was taken by the atlas .
it caused it caused a tremendous amount of cheering in the control room .
it it it it is a a picture of the first of the the first of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in other words in other words , when when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew that the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it means that it means that we have reached a a a cultural cultural influence by the scientific .
about about a a a a week later , there was a problem with the the machine that had to do with these , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
these these wires , these wires , these wires , they guide the the the the the when the machine runs on the it .
well , now , the the engineers among you , the engineers among you will will look at you and say , " no , they do not , they are little wires . "
you can you you can you can you can do that , because if you take it a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
so , at minus , at minus , at minus , at minus , at minus , at minus , , at , at , at , at , at , at , minus , at , at , at , at , at minus , at , at , at , at , at minus , at , at minus , at , at , at minus , at , at minus , at , at , at minus , at , at , at , at , at , at , at minus , at , at ,
in one of in one of the the connections , between over the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this was the result .
well , that all this is all is even more impressive , if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons of tons , and are , like , 30 inches .
so , so we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and and and they had had to to remove what we did .
we we we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they are they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they they they they they are they are all
by the end of march at the end of march at the end of march , the the north star will be operational again .
we we we we we will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will turn it on , and we will wait to be able to gather the first dates in june or july or july , and to continue our journey , to find out what the the the the the the the the world 's most beautiful .
well , , , , of course , , , in a way , , in a way , , in a way such accidents , the debate again , to the the value of science and the , of such , it is easy to refuse .
i i i i i i think the the the the the the the the the the the fact that we are reaching beyond our limits , the the the the the the the the the the the the value of the things that we do .
thank you .
i i i am i i i am i i i am a a writer .
writing books books books is my profession , but , of course , it is more than that .
it it it it is also is is also my my great , my love and love and love for life .
and and i i i i i i i do not i do not i do not expect that will ever change .
however , however , , , in recent , , , , , , in the past , something strange has happened in my life and my career , that has made me to completely , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
the the result is that i , no no no no no no no matter where i go , will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously , - - - - - - - - doomed !
for for for for for for for for for for for example , do do you not , do do you not fear , that you will never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , will ?
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do not fear that you , that you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , do , do , do
okay okay okay okay okay okay , that that that that really is that that that that really makes courage .
the people people people people people said , " do you not fear to never to have success ?
are do you do not you do not fear that the humiliation of a rejection will kill you ?
do do do do do thou do not fear do thou do not fear thou do not fear , thou do not fear that thou , thou thou , thou thou thou , thou thou thou , thou thou thou , thou thou thou thou , thou thou thou thou thou thou , thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy
something like that , you know .
the the the the answer - - the the the the short answer to all of these questions is , " yes . "
yes , yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i am i i am i am i am i i i i am i i am i am i i am i am i i i i am i i am i i i i am i i i i am i am i i am i i i i am i am i i
and and and i i i always had that .
and and i i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
like like algae and algae , and other ... and other things .
but , but , when when when when it is about writing , i i have i i i i i have been thinking about it and i wonder why ?
is is is is is that sensible ?
is is is is is is it logical that it is logical that it should be expected by someone that he is afraid of to do the work that he feels is called ?
and and what what exactly is what is is is is is is with the the creative creative industry that they make us insecure about the mutual mental state in a way that other jobs don 't ?
my my my my my my my my my father , for for , for for , for , for , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my
with with your with your , your , your , your , john - - - how are you ?
it just it just didn 't just didn it didn 't , you know ?
but to to be fair to be fair , the the group of the the the chemist , for over the centuries , have have not not not received the reputation of the people who are the most of .
we we we we we , but we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
all all all all all all what you must do is to to see the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and even even even even those who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who ,
norman , norman , norman , norman , , , norman , , , norman , , , norman , , , , norman , , , , , norman , , , , , , , he , he , he , in his last interview , every one of my books ,
it is an extraordinary , extraordinary testimony that you can do about your life 's work .
the the the question the question i i i would like to ask everyone here today is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is this is a perfectly all right for you ?
because , with only an inch of space , i do not feel comfortable with that perception at all .
i i i find it i i find it i i i find it is i i i find it a it that is a abomination .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i find
i i i i i think it better it better if we to to to live our great creative , creative , creative .
and and i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i am only , i am only about 40 .
i i i i may have i i i may have i have i i i have i i i i may have , i have , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
and and it it it is it it is it is it is it is it it is it it is it is it is it that it is it is that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that i ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
oh , jesus , jesus , what a thought !
these are are are are the kind of the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start at 9 : 00 in the morning to drink gin , and i don 't want that .
i i i i would i i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would rather i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would rather i would i would i would i would i would i would i would rather i would i would i would i would rather i would i would i would i would i would i would i would rather i would i would i would i would
so the question is , what ?
after some time of the time of the time , it seems to me that i , to to to continue to write , have to design some kind of , uh , a kind of , uh , psychological construct .
somehow somehow , from now on , from now on , from now on , from now on , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
this this this this search , this this is this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
please , please follow me , for the the circle will close again .
but in in the old greece , in the ancient greece , and in the ancient greece and rome , people did not not believe that the creativity of man comes , okay ?
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
from of socrates , he is known that he , he , he , he , he , who , who , who , who , of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the the the the the the romans had the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the romans didn 't really think that a genius a genius was a very smart individual .
that this is is brilliant , it is , there is is the the distance that i spoke of - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and and and everyone everybody knew that it worked that way , right ?
the the the the the artist of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the artist of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when when when when your your work was brilliant , you you , you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
when when when when when when your work , when your work , when your work doesn - - - not not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone everybody knew that your genius your genius was a little lame .
so that is how the people in the the the the the the the people in the west have really long , long time have thought about creativity in the west .
it it it is is is is is is is the the the the beginning of the the the the the beginning of the the the the the the the the the the the beginning of the the the the the the the beginning of the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the beginning of the people , and the people began to believe that the that the the the the that the the the the the the the the the the the people of the people began to believe that the
for for for for the first time in the history of history , people you can hear people call this or to a a genius , instead of having a genius .
i i must tell i must tell you i i think it was a big mistake .
it it it it is like to ask like to ask someone to ask someone to swallow the sun .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i think that this this , this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and and , if if if if that is true , and i i think it is ... is the question :
can can can can can can we change it ?
perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps to a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a more understanding of the relationship between people and the mystery of creative .
maybe maybe not .
maybe maybe maybe we can we can we can we can can can we can can not just can we can not just wipe out the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , you , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and there there there there are surely there there are certain there are certain there are certain there are certain people in this audience , who would , indeed , , would , would , would , indeed , , , , , would , , , , , , to the the the the the the idea of , of the the the the the the of , of , of , the , of , the , the , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but the the the question i ask the question that i i want is , why not ?
why why why why don 't why don 't you think about it that way ?
because it it it it makes it makes as much as it makes as it makes as much sense as everything else i 've heard of , when it was about to to explain the absolutely insane , the absolutely insane , the creative process .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
in fact , in fact , in fact , he can sometimes he can sometimes , he can sometimes , you know , he can feel , like , really , really , really , really , really .
she she said she said it it it was like it was like it was like a ... it was like a ...
who who who , who , who , who , who , who , above the the land , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would ,
she felt when she felt when when it came , because it would bring the earth beneath her feet to the the quake .
she she she knew she knew that in a at such a moment she could only do one , and that in her words , in her words , she knew that in her words , she could run like the devil .
and and and and then there there there there there were those moments , and i i will never forget ... she said that there were moments when she almost missed it .
she she she caught caught caught the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
during these times , the the the the the poem , the the the the poem , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
when when i when i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this this is is is not is is not not not is not not not is not like my my creative creative process - i am not the canal !
i i i i i i i i i am a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
but even even even i , in my , even i , in my , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i guess that many of you have done that too .
even even i i i i i had i i i i had i i i i had i i i i i had i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i , i , i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
what what is what is what is what is what is that thing ?
and and and how how how how how how how do we , how do we , how do we , in a relationship with , without to lose our mind , but to keep us in mind , in the the , in the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
for me , for me , is the the the the best living living , the the the musician , tom , tom , i was allowed to interview him for a magazine a few years ago .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we talked about this , and , you know , and most of the time of his life , tom tom , was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but then he then he then he he , he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
he he he he has no he has no , he has no , he has no , he has no .
so so he he he he begins , this this old , old , this old , this old , old , this old , old , this , old , this , old , old , it , it , like , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i am i i i i am not i i i i i am not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am not i i i i i i am not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but instead instead instead instead of to panic , he just stopped .
he he he he he he finished the all the the and he did did something completely new .
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he just looked in the sky and he he said , " excuse me , can you not see that i drive car ?
what do i i look i i i i i i i i look i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i look i i i i i i i look i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i look like i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
if if if if if if you really you really you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you really you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
if if if if not , if do do not , i will torture someone else today .
go and go and torture and torture leonard leonard leonard leonard leonard leonard leonard ,
his all his his his his whole , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his ,
not not not the work , not the work itself , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was ,
there could there could could a a a could a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a , a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
when when when i when i heard that i heard this story , it also changed a bit of the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not not not not not only not only not only not bad , but the worst of all time .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but then i then i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
because you you you you you see i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have no more than that .
so if if if you you want you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
okay , but , but , if if if you don 't do you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know what , fuck with it .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i i i i i i i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and i i i i i i i i i would please , i would please , i would , please , i would , please , i would , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ... to ...
for for , in the end , in the the end , in the centuries , in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
these parties , these parties , they were always great , because the dancers were professional , and they were they were fantastic .
but once and again and again , very , very rare , something special happened , one of the the actors was actually , was , in fact , , was , a ... a ...
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i know that you all in your life you have seen a such performance .
it it it it it it was as it was as when the time the time the time that the time the time and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and suddenly , suddenly suddenly , , he no longer appeared in human being .
he he he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he , he was , he was , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he was , he , he , he , he , he was ,
when when when something like that happened , when people knew what it was , they called it by his name .
they they they they they put their hands together and they put their hands together and they began to sing , and , god , god , god , god , god , god .
that this is god is god god , you know ?
when when when when a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a in in in in in in a a a a a a in in in in in in in in in in in spain a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and that that that that that that is is great , because we need this .
but , but , the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he he is he is he is , is he is , is he is , is he is , is he is , is he is , is , is he is , is , is , is , is he , is , is , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and , and perhaps perhaps perhaps , perhaps no no one will never ever again will will will never again will no one will ever call god 's name when he turns , but what will he to do with the rest of his life ?
that this is hard is hard .
this this is is one of the the most ... the the most ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
but perhaps , perhaps perhaps , perhaps it may not , it must not , perhaps it must not , that , from the very beginning , it must not , it must not , it must not must not be so full of pain , if , that from the that from the beginning , that , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most
if if , if you perhaps , if you , you may , you may , if you think that you are a on loan , from a a more , a more , a a more , a more , a more , a a more , a more , a more , a more , more , more , more , more , a .
when when when when we start , when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
so so so so i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
what what what what what what what i i i i i i i i i have to to to to tell to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
don don do not be do not be discouraged .
just just just do your job .
keep be still be there for your to , for whatever it may be .
when when when when your job is your job is the dancing , dance .
if if if if the the the the the the stupid , stupid , stupid , divine , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and if if if if not , dance , dance your dance .
and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
i i i i i i i i i i i believe in that and i i have the feeling that we should teach .
for you , for you , for you , for you , for that you have the only human love and the love of the human and the the the the the the the the the the the most , to be there .
thank you .
thank you .
ol !
last last year , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but but this this this this does not not not not , it does not not not express the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in a in a in a in a in a a sense , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the heart of of the the the the heart of the the the the the the the
it grows in the winter it grows in the winter and it grows in the summer .
the the the the next the next the next the the the the next plastic i i i i show you is is a ... a ... a ... a what has happened in the last 25 years .
the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
as as as you can see , it is , it is , it is the the annual ice cream in the winter , and it is shrinking in the summer .
the the so-called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
in 25 25 25 25 years , it will be gone from here to here .
this this this is is a a a problem , because , as the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
compared compared compared to compared with the all the amount of the amount of the amount of all the amount of ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... ..
it is now that it is is is is is is is is it that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it is that it that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is
professor professor , professor professor professor professor professor , walter walter walter walter of the university of alaska , has traveled to another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how will we be ?
and a reason a reason is , this this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
this this this this is a this is a this is a a this is a a a a , a , a a , a ... a ... a ...
but but the the volume the volume the volume is is far greater than ever .
this this this this is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if if if you you would like to know how the sea level of the sea , through the sea , it will flow into the sea .
these these rivers , these rivers , they are rapidly increasing .
on the the on the the other end of the planet , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
last last last last month , scientists , scientists , scientists , scientists , have now reported that the the entire continent has now had a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very negative .
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is .
in the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
40 40 % of 40 % of all the people in the world will get half of the half of their favorite from this very , very .
in the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but if when they dry , the most of the drinking water will also be the most .
in california in california in california in california , there was a in a a a a 40 , 40 , the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the sierra .
this this this is about the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and and the the the the the the the the the the the disaster of all over the world have in a a really , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
four four four four four four four four four times as many in over the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this this this this this is is a a a a a a a a a a a perfectly , perfectly , perfectly , very , very .
if if if you you see this in the historical context , you can see what it does .
in over the over the past five , for over the past five , we have produced 70 , 70 million tons of co2 , produced every 24 hours , 25 , 25 million tons of long and every day in the oceans .
look look look at the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the east the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the greatest , the the the the biggest , the the the the biggest , the the the the the the biggest , the the the biggest , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
oil oil oil oil oil is a problem , and coal is the the biggest problem .
the the the the the the the the the the the the united states are one of the the the two greatest of the united states , along with china .
and the the the the suggestion was to build a many more many more of them .
but but but we we will begin to see a change .
here are here are are the the the who have been painted over in the last few years , with some green , green alternatives that have been suggested .
there is there is a there is a a political debate in our country .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the , and the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this this this picture , this it reminded me of something .
at around around christmas around christmas , i was walking around at home at my home in tennessee , a a a a a billion tons of gold .
you you you you probably probably saw it on the news .
this this this is this is in this is in all of our all the land of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this this happened this happened at christmas .
one of the one of the one of the the the commercials on the christmas show was this one .
the frosty the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it is it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it is that it is that it that it is that it that it that it is that it is that it is that it is that it that it that it is it is
frosty , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he he he is he he is he he he is he he is he he he is he he he is he he he is he he he is he he he he he is he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he is he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he he is he he is he he he he he is
this this this is is the source of the most of the coal in west virginia .
the the the the most powerful miner is the the head of the the the head of the the the the head of the the the of the the the the most powerful miner in the world , is the head of the the the the the the head of the the the the the the the the the the the the the head of the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the head of of the
let let let let let let let let let let let let me tell you , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so so so the the the the the the the the alliance has called the alliance for the two campaigns to live .
this this this this is this is a , a part of it .
in the at the the the , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
so that is why we so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the fact is , the the fact is , money is not not dirty .
we we we we we we we think we think she she is clean she is clean and she smells good
so so , so , don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don 't you don 't you worry about the , uh , the , uh , uh ...
just leave that to us .
you 've heard a lot of that .
so so so so let let let let let let let let us do a a tour of this modern , clean , clean , clean , clean .
this machine is very loud .
but but it it is the the sound of the sound of the clean , clean , the sound .
and yet still , the the burning of the burning of coal , the burning of coal , the burning of coal , is a of of the , the , of the , of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
look look look at it carefully , this is today is the clean , clean , clean .
finally finally finally , the the positive , positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of the national security .
america america america america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the national security .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the red the the the red the the the red thread that connects all of these together ... is our addiction to the ... of the , like , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the red , red , red , red , red , red , red , red , red ,
but but now now there is now there is now is a brave new , new solution , to free us from this predicament .
america will restore america with 100 % a 100 % clean , clean electricity in the next 10 years
a a plan plan to to bring america back to to work to make us safer and to help to stop the global warming .
finally finally finally , a a a solution that is big enough to solve our problems .
i want you to , i want you to take care of america .
this this this is the last one .
it it is a it is a a a a a a a a a a a the of the america .
one of the one of the the the the the fastest way to reduce our dependence on the old , dirty , dirty , the who are suffocating our world .
the the the the the the the the the the future is here , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
new new new new investments , to make well paid jobs .
it is time to accept reality .
there there there is an an old african african old saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if if if you want to come far , go together .
we must we must we must we must come far , and quickly .
thank you .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i would
while while while they , as they , as they , they , as they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the the the the the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
that the question that was so , was so , was so , so , so that we decided to explore the the answer , and we were developing some kind of a kind .
in short , in short a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
you you you can you you can you you can you you can you you you can you you can , you can , you can , you can be moved with your hand , you can you can feel each other , you can you can pick up your movements , and you have a screen and a screen and a screen screen screen screen and a screen .
more more importantly , are are , are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are physically , which is why , like , you can only by the reach through the reach of the reach and reach .
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and if if if if these are , if if these are , if these are , and if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if these , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if , if ,
i i i i i start with some simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple .
this this this is this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this , this is , this is , this , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is
and and and these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
so if if i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
when when when they are surrounded by , they , they , they , too , and they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and and and you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , too , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
an interesting an interesting an interesting episode of the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the that we began to see is that we could use everyday gestures of the , like , like , like , like , like , the , the , the , the ,
in this , in this case , we have , in we , we , we , we , we , we have , in this case , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
if if if we we push it , we can we can do a a little bit more of a ...
there are also also also also also , there are also some very nice opportunities in the education as languages , mathematics , or , where we give people the opportunity of the fast , and who want to see the results immediately .
here here i am i ... this is this is this is a this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a
this is this is a a game of a play with words that is a sort of a kind of a mix of the scrabble and the , uh ...
basically , in principle , you you get every round of every round of every kind , by chance , you you get to get , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you get , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
then , then , after about 30 , after about 30 , 30 seconds , it will be mixed again , and you have a new , and you have to try out new possibilities .
thank you .
these are are are some are some children some children who came to the media lab on a field trip , i i i could make them try to try it , and i recorded a video of it .
you you you you you you really loved it .
an interesting an interesting , an interesting , an interesting , interesting , an interesting , interesting thing about this is that you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all all all all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
here there are a couple of people here who are still testing it .
this is this is is our our our our our our our our our youngest , our youngest , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it it turns out , it turns out , he just wanted to stack the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
so , to him , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
this this this this this is is is a a this is a a a a , a a a a a a a a , a , a , a ... a ... a ...
we we we we we we we were we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we were we we we we were we we we we we were we we we we were we we we were we we we we we were we we we we we we we we we we we we were we we we we we we were we were we we we were we we we we were
this this this is is felix , felix .
he he can he can he can he can he can bring new characters into the scene by picking up the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
here he here he let the the sun rise .
the the the the sun the the the the sun
now he now he he he he now he he he he will bring a tractor into the scene .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the orange the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
good good work !
by the by shaking the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the ...
... ... ... to make up his own story .
hello !
it it it is it is a a a story with an open end , and he can decide how it develops .
flying flying flying cat .
the the last example of the last example of which i have time to show this today is is a a is a a a the the the the last example of which we have recently developed , and in the the sound of the sound , like the bass and the drums .
each each has each has four different four different variations , you can choose which you want to use .
and and you you you you you you can you you you can put these sounds in the sequence that you can , in any way , order in any pattern .
and and and you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
there there there are are the effects of the effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .
you you you you you you you connect it with a certain sound , and then you turn it into a to .
and then , and then , and then , and then , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so let 's see , let 's see .
we we we we begin to begin , in which we we we we will , in which we will , in which we will , in which we will , in which we will , in which we will , in which we , in which we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
now i now now i will now i will add to a a bass .
now now i i will now i will do some more drums .
and now i now now now i i now i will now connect the filter with the the drums so that i can control the effect live .
i i i can i i can i can i can speed up the whole sequence by blowing the tempo into the one or the other direction .
and now i now now now i i will now i will i i will now i will now i will connect the filter with the bass , for a little more expression .
i i i can i can i can i can i can i can i can i can the the the sequence while it 's going around .
therefore , i i do not not i must not i must not i must not plan to plan it , but i can improvise , to extend it , or to shorten it .
and in conclusion , i can , in i can , i can , i can , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
thank you .
so as as as as as you can see , , my my enthusiasm is is to to to develop a new , to which , better to match how our brains and bodies work .
and today , today i i had i had time i had i had had time i had had had i i had had time to show you a part of this new , new , and some of the possibilities of what we work in our lab .
the the the the the the the the thought that i i i i want to to give to the the the the thought of the the the the thought that i , the the the the the thought of the the thought that i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to give you to
thank thank you ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
yes , yes , hello , hello hello .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
yeah , so , so , so , so , what what what what what what is it , what is it ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so , so , that that was was my my primary primary motivation .
so so it it it it it it it was it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to the matter , so .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i i i i think that i think that i think that the i that the i , i , i , i , i think , i think that , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i think , i
extremely important is extremely important , is now is now extremely important and much more , much more important will be in the future .
there there there there there are such things as the all of these things that have changed all the different plants on the back of the mountain .
there now there now there is now there is now craig craig craig craig is now in the in the the the , who is trying to make the , so gasoline from algae .
among among , there , there are also , there are also things that have come to have , in the most of everyday life , which most of the the most of the the the most of the people are not aware of , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for example , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and the list , you can go on and on and on .
and so so so so from out of the interest of in this this technology , i i i just went further in there .
so what , why , why now hack ?
most people most people know most people know most people know the most of the people from the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " .
computer hack computer , and then it will always in the media , and , yeah , the the hackers are breaking in and stealing data and so forth .
that that it is it is it is it is that it is it is that it is not that which is not what it is that she actually started , and what it is .
and , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the ... the the the the ...
and it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is that it is that it is that it is , in a creative , original way to solve a problem .
and it it it just it it it it just it it it just it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it is , it it it it it it it it it , it it it it it it it it it it , it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
but it it it is also a it is also a it is also a it is a it is also a it is a it is a it is a code , and you can also , you can you can also , and you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can hack it , and you , and you , and you , and , and
that that that actually , that actually only actually only took two thousand , actually , two thousand , really , really , really , really , like , two thousand , really , really , really , really , really , those the , these networks .
there there there there is there there there there is , there there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is there is , there is there is there is , there is , there is , there is , there is there is , there is , there is , there is there is there is , there is , there is there is , there is
but but it is it is it is it is it that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is always about to to find such a ... such a ...
and and then there , there , there there there is , there there is , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there ,
this is this is from from the the the it is a a network that is actually more of a sort of a forum where you can meet and discuss online .
they are they are they are they are a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and based on the from the of of these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
here in here in the picture on the on the left , you you you see , in the the picture on the left , in the the picture , on the , on the the left , you see , you see , you see , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
children children children , old , old , old , all all all the possible people go there to just go with it , they they set up a lab and look at what can you do when they turn on .
down here on the left , there is a group down here , down here on the left there is a group down here , in indonesia , which is , which is , which is , which , for a long time .
it 's been longer longer than these other two networks .
they they they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the , up in the in the
and that that that is , yes , that is , that is , that is , most of , is , is , most of , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is
and what what what what you can do with what you can do , and what you can do , and what you you can do , and what you you you are , are you you are so interested in asking you ?
so , so , so , so , to to hack into biology now , you kind of need material .
you , of course , you , you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
or , or , what , what , what you normally , what you normally understand under a laboratory , they are , are are , are , are , are , are , are , like , some kind of , very , very , very expensive , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very distant , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and and and our our our our approach was just to say , that , in fact , you don 't have to do that .
that it is is not is is is not , is it is not , that is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
and o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o with this with this o o o o
so so so to anyone who has once had a a soup that he has left for too long , has done it before .
i i i i i i i i then i i i , i i i , i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and this this this this is this this this is this this is this this is this is this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , is , is , this is , is a kind of a , uh , a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a for molecular biology .
and yes , well , you you you see , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is ,
and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
and and and what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what are are what are are are our values and what are what is what is what is our , our basic , our basis ?
and and and so we then we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
that that that that that was was rather intuitive , so everyone just put their wishes , his , and what moves it , put it .
there came , , in my opinion , in my opinion , a very good , very good code .
and and and we we we we we we then we , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and and and we we we we we even even tried to even try to bring it back to the the academic world , but somehow it somehow didn 't get there .
so i i i i i i i i i i i i i think we from the , we are from the , in the , in the , in the , in the way , we are even a step further than the academic world .
yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , what what kind of projects do we do now ?
a a a project project that i i did with the the the a project i did in switzerland , was that we wanted to make a so-called , an optical trap or optical tweezers .
that 's what you can see down there .
and and then we then we we we then we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and that i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
some another project that from the french group in from paris , it worked , it 's pretty cool .
and he , he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he so he he he he so he he he he he he , his , his , his , his , his , is , sam ,
he he then he he he then he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
then the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then then their brain waves were measured their brain waves , and depending on what what you thought or how you thought , then , different lights in the room were turned on .
was a was a was a a pretty pretty pretty fancy project .
a another another thing from the the us that has to to to do with this , this is the the the , the the , the is the the the most complicated , complicated word .
so so it is it is it is it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is to to to to to to to to copy the genes , to breed , to breed , to breed , to breed , to breed , to breed , to breed , to make them visible .
and and the the the the the the the the machines that make such a thing , they are are very expensive , which you buy on commercial , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and that that that is not that is not is not in the is not , but it is is a really cool technology that can do very much .
so , so this is it is it is it is it is only a use of many many that you can do with it .
i i i i i i i i think i i i think i kind of think that kind of , like , $ , or something .
but , in any case , it is now it is it it is it is not still not cheap , but it is definitely in a frame where it is , it is , it is , in a very , very , very , very , very , very .
so so , it in my opinion it is in my opinion that it is a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
a a a project project that i had started the the the other day was a project that i had started to build was to build a
it is , is , yes , , , like a kind of a kind of a kind of a , it shoots , like , two inches , or something .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
so so so the the the the the the the the the the the the the device that you can see , it didn 't work .
but this is , this is so my my my so my my my my , my my , my , my my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
and then and then i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i took a i i i i i i i i took a i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
a a a a a a a a a a , a when when you make the full of water , it 's got enough pressure , so i i think it 's about , like , 40 to 40 to 10 to 12 .
and and with that , you can then you can then you can then you can then you can , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and and the the the commercial commercial machine is , like , it costs , like , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4
so , which it it it it does not not not have the same efficiency , but it is , in principle , can .
so , and that , and that is , right now , that , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
because , as , as , as in at the beginning , it is , it is an extremely important technology , and most people have a relatively little bit of a i don 't even have a chance to really , really make yourself very good .
because , because , when when when when when you only read about it , you you read about it , you know , it 's not the same as when you did it yourself once or saw it .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think technology technology technology is always more and more important in our modern society .
and if , if , if , as a as a as a , as a as a , as a , as a , , , , , , , , , if , as you , as a , as a , , as a , , as a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and and and and and and and you you you have to do it and you you have to do it and you have to understand .
and then the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so that , that as a citizen , you , as a citizen , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and this this is this this is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the from of the the
these are are these are the the people who at least have officially signed on the web site , the the , uh , the , uh , the people who , at least , they are the people who , at least , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
this is is is is is is is a a a a relatively significant number of people in the world .
and interesting is also interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
this is i i i i i i i i i believe i think they are there there are less people in there than actually exist .
so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i know of some who didn 't sign in .
and these are these are now are just the the the , the individual people .
in part , in part , with these , with these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and and that that that is , that is , in the very beginning .
as i i said , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it , it was , it was , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
and and , and so , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this this is now has has now has has has now become a a a a a a giant network of very good , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and we , of course , we , of , we , of , we , of , we , of , we , of , we , of , we , of , , we , of , , , , of , of course , we , we , we , we , we , of , of , we , of , of , of , we , we , of , of , we , we , of , of , we , of , we , we , of , of , of , ,
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i would invite every once every once and every once , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i would , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it it it is not it is not it is not so simple , but it is not impossible , if you have enough curiosity , and you have enough energy , you can get far .
thank thank thank you for listening .
that 's it .
yes yes , hello hello , hello .
how do how do how do do do we people , how do we work people ?
this is is a a question that is a a question which is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
this is is what it is is is is is is about how you meet people in the in the the in the the the in of the the in the the the in the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is of the the the the the the the is of the the the the is the the the the is the is the is the the is
i i i , i i believe that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and that it is that it is is , is it is , is it is , and that it is , is it is , is , is it is , that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
what what what what what are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are , what are are , what are are , what are , what are , what are , what are , are , what are , what are , what are , what are , what are , what are , what , what are , what , what are , are , are , what , what are they , are they , what , what are they , what are , what are , what are they ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i once wrote down four , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i once i i i i i i i i i i i i i i once i once i once i
to to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , in the , of , of , , in the , of , in the , of , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
to these of these the most beautiful models , is that we , in principle , have a natural relationship with the , uh ...
in principle , that sounds unusual , in principle .
but i i will i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i i will i i will , i will , i will , i will , i , i will , i will , i will , i , i will , i will , i will , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
the the second the second aspect is is that since due to this , the , the , the , the , the , the second , the the second , the second , the the second aspect is that we have been able to speak very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and the the the the the the the the third section , which , in fact , is , is , by itself .
we we we all we all we all we all know , that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the fourth point is , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
how how is now is this with the with the the the with the the the , the the the the most ... the most ... the the most ... the most ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
how how how how how many doors does the house you live in ?
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we will not we that we can not , we can not , we can not , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
you you walk through through through through in the spirit of through this this house in the spirit of which you live and look at how many doors there are .
and that is exactly what that is exactly what you do .
they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and , and there we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , for example , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , for all , we can do this all the time .
and and and this this this this this this this this this fortune the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they didn 't have no books .
or or or they they didn 't have had no , they didn 't have no , no , no , no .
they they they had no they had no they had no , no , no , no .
the only the only thing they had was her head .
and and in in that head , in that head , the memory was played .
in in this in this head , knowledge , and in the use of these virtual images , which , of which , in , , were , knowledge was passed .
and therefore , therefore , it is therefore so , it is so , so it is so , so , so , so , so , so , it is so , so , so , so , so , so , so , it is so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so
the the the interesting thing about it is , if i may take a little trip .
yes , yes , yes , i can .
the the the most interesting thing is that at that time , at that time , the man who was , at the same time , was , was , in the same time , was , was the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now , if you think you can think a little more .
what what what are the media today ?
then then they will they will they will they will they will they will they will they will know that there has been a change .
but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i come to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and even today , today , we are we we are still very , very strong with stories .
the the author of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the author of the the the the the the the author of the the the the the the the author of the the the the the the the
that that means for a for a a for a a a for a a a child , that it , to to reach the the the most of the time of his life spent with the front of stories .
now we now now we we we now we we think that our love for our love to lie is that we , as a child , we have sat on our parents ' lap .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
it it goes that goes way back way much further back , back to the the the cultures of the most beautiful times .
but for me , but for me but in the the the in the the the in the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i have brought you an example of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the and the the life of the lives lived in the the the the the of the british ,
and as as as you can see , as you can see , is this is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and and they they they they they did that with so they called the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
maybe you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know , you you you you you you might know , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you you
they they have similar principles .
they they don they have no they have no have no , they they , they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and what what what what the interesting thing is is that the the the navigation and the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most interesting thing that the most interesting thing that the most interesting thing about of the the
although , with the the the the the the the the the language of the the language of the language of the was of the rank of the great ,
that means , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
and and and this this this , and this , and this , and that , of course , and that , of course , that the sound and the that the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but why why why why why why why why do we we we we we we we no we we we no we we we no we we we we we we we we no we we we we we no we we we we we no we we no we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we no we we we we we we we we we we we no we we we we we we we no we we we we we we we we we no we
not at least not not to navigate .
what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what did what actually happened that happened ?
what has happened is that this is is what this is is , is what it is , is what it is , is what it is .
we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
what happened is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and that is , that that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that we have , in the responsibility for our memories of our memories , and who have ...
to the the the book and to the picture .
so , unfortunately , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , too , have we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have ,
and , and , and , and , with the reality , , , , , the , the , the , the ...
from from the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the .
what what what what what what what what has is what has the influences of our thoughts and our memory ?
and then , the are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and they will they will they will , more and more , more and more , over the over the over the over the over the over the centuries , have been more and more signed over by the the influences of the
that which means , instead , instead , instead of to remind us of , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we we we no longer produce ourselves .
we we we we have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a abstract , a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
we we we we we we we we we we do not , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we we we we we we we we we have been used to to that things that happen in the past .
and we and we we we we have accepted the we have accepted the the the , the , the , and there are only exceptions , as for , the , the , the , uh , the ...
what we what we what we we we we have is the is the is the is of the .
still we are still we we are still we we are we we are we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
the the question is , what what what is what is now ?
we we we we we we we had the the the we we we had the the the we we we we now we are now , we are now to walk the so called the " the " the "
that that that that that that sounds very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but but but these the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this is it this is it is it is it is it is it , it is it is it , it is it , it is it , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is .
i i i i i i i i i want to i i want to explain this a little .
there are there are technical , technical concepts , like , the , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , , , , , , , , , as , as , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as ,
and others , a different example of others , are the the most brilliant , intelligent systems .
these are are these are are rooms that are rooms that can , who can , intelligent , can react to a human .
all all all this all this it takes the need to need the the ability to to accept our , our , , our , , our , our , , our , , our , our , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and the the the two the the the the the the two of the the the the the the the the two of the , the the two of the , the , the , the are here today .
maybe maybe maybe you you can you you can get up for just a minute so they can talk to the two about the project on the break .
and and and this this this project , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
the whole is a game is a game , i have to say .
which which which , of course , which , of course , which , of course , which , of course , which , of course , , which , of course , which , of course , is , is , is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and when when when when when i say , when when i say , when i say you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
in any case , you do that in there .
this is this is a game for outside .
and and that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and this this this this this this game is this is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you you you you you can you you can you you can you you you can you you you can you you you can you you you you can you you you can you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you
and it is it is it is it is it is that i i discover a a city that i see , in which places , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , i , in which , in which , in which , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and so so so i i , from the city , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and we can we we we can we we we can we we we can we we we can we we we can we we we we can we we we we can we we we we we we we can watch it now .
ah ah , what what what what you can see here , sorry , is is is a little more a little explanation of what you are about to see .
of course , of course , of course , of course , this the the virtual world that lives in the walls of our cities , of course .
and with with with a kind of a kind of a flashlight , we can make these virtual , virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i am i i i am i i i am i i i am i i am i i am i i am i i am i i am i i am i am i i am i am i i am i i am i am i am i am i i am i am i am i am i am i am i i i i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i
i i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i was i was i i i was i i was i i i i i i i i i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was
he won 't he won 't he won 't .
i i i i i will also i will also i i will i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i i will i i i i will i i i i i will i i i i i i will i i i i i i i will i i will i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i will i will i
but , so far , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
yes , yes , children children children are children of nature are of curiosity , or should be curious , as is designer .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
if if when the professors become curious , then they are often , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are ,
and and that this is also what i i have had in the last six months .
it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a , a , to the subject of natural , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now now , you will now you you will ask , why do all the of the , the why do all of the , the so natural , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , you .
and there i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
maybe you might need to take a look at it again .
why why why is why is this even happening ?
so so if , if , if we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , from the the the the the the the the the third , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , from the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so , from the of the modern , modern , to the , the , the ...
every society , every society , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
in the at the beginning the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that which means , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
that that was then was then was then replaced by the the ancient society and the the first form of the world .
that it was was a that was a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but , but , then , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and then the the the the the the the next generation , the the the next generation , where we actually , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
this is is is is is is is is is the by the by the by the pressure and the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in back then , it was was was was it was as it was , as it was , as it was , it was was , as it was , it was , it was an insult , where the the nobility , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that , of course , that , of course , is it that makes us so totally confused , because we , on the one side , we see the new media , the new social media ,
and and these two , these two two , these two , these two , these two , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but now but now , no no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
we we we we we we have we understand that the weather is global .
that that the the subject of the subject is a " a " a " a " a " a " a " .
not not not not when when when when i think , when i think this place is a place where the neighbor thinks it 's a little less , it won 't work .
that which means , , from the the local village , has has actually become a a a village of the same principles , as , as , as , as , as , as intuitive as , but also the total transparency .
as the as the as the as the as the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
be it be be we we know we know , we know , we know , we know , and we always get better and better .
just as the as the as it used to have happened in the village .
before the the the the , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
because because people come often , people come often , people come , they can they they can 't make it so that everyone can handle it .
so so so you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you have to you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
and that , of course , that , of course , that is , of course , and that , of course , that , of course , that is , of course , and that , of course , of course , is something that you you you you start and you and you look and you and you say and say , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay ,
and and what what is what what is it that looks like in there ?
so so so how how how do we work if we look in there ?
and and what what what , what , what , what , what , what , is , what , is , what , is , what , is , is , of course , , , , , , , , , , of course , , , , , , intuitive , and , and , how , how do , how do our , how do our , how do our ... how do our ... how are our ... how are our ... how are our ... how are our ... how are our ... how
because because because steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve job once said you you need to to dig , to how it works .
so you you you you you you you you you you you really you you really you you you really you you you you you you you you you you you you you you really you you you you you you you really you you you you you you you you you really you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you really you you you really you you you you you you you you you really you you you you you you you you you
and and and to to to to to to see , how do we process information , how do we record information ?
to say alone alone , what what is information ?
information information information is every difference that makes a difference .
many many people use the the word , but do not not not know what it means in detail .
but but i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , and , of course , of course , of course , , how , how , how , how , how , how is , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how
so so so much more much more much more , much more natural , much more natural , in in a jar , but i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and when when when when when when when when i tell to tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , then he will , in the right , he will think , where is something in it .
and and and , and , and , by the on the left , just , you know , and then , hopefully , that there 's no sugar in it , just give the salt .
but but also , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , , , , , , , , , , , , how , how , how is she , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how
for for , for for example , this , this perception in the context .
the the the right right right circle is the the the right circle is the the the right the right the right the right the right the the the the the the the the the the the the the little , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
does does anybody know what what this is ?
come
it should still work .
there that there it is , it will become more my glasses .
so it 's a circle .
a a second second circle , a second circle is beginning to look at a certain resemblance to , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a second circle , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
that is what they call it , is it is , is it is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it ?
the important important important important to the the the the the most important for the the the the the the the most important , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
often often in the third , in the third and then forgotten again .
but but this is this is is is is a a most important part , if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
the next the next the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting , is that of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
it sounds very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
so so so we we we have eyes in the front , and now they think we look from the front to the back .
that this is wrong is wrong .
you you you see from the back to the front .
because they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
which means , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
that that that that is there , and that will come back .
and then it goes again , and then it goes again , because the back doesn 't dare to the front , and say , now you really look again , and make sure that what you see is what you want to see .
and and then , and then it goes back , and then , it 's actually , it 's just being seen .
so a a a a a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i do i i i i i do i i i i i don i i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i don i don i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i don i don i i i don i don i i i i i i don i i don
and that 's when it happens exactly the same what i just described .
now now now everyone from this pattern is trying to see something .
i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i i don i i don i i don i i i i don i i i i i i i don i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i don i don i i i i don i don i i i i i i don i don
does anyone see anything in particular ?
a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
if when i i once saw that once i saw that that that that that there is there is a there is a there in there , you know that .
you you will you will you will you will you will never forget , because i will show you where the master is .
now now now you see the you see the you the the the the , the , the , the ...
and on and on and on , now you always see him .
which means , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and this this is this is this is this is this is this the the projection of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
now i now i know and now i , i i now i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i see i i see i see the i see the the
so , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
does does anyone know who knows what three three seconds is ?
long long , yes .
this is this is our present .
so so , it it it it it is also always interesting to know is also interesting to know as a designer .
if if if i know , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
he must he must not , he must , he must not , he must , he must not , he must not , he must not , he shall not , he shall not , he shall not ,
and then it it it then it it it , it it , it it , it it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
what what , what , what , what , what , what , what , what , what , what , what , what ?
yes , yes , yes , yes , , yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , .
it 's also a very , very , very , very , very , very exciting phenomenon .
this is this is is the the time of time when you fall in love .
that which means , , respect , if you you you know that now , you watch who you look at for for how long , because i i don 't take over for what can just happen .
and sixteen and sixteen sixteen sixteen and sixteen , and a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
this is this is is is is the the time period of the the time of most of the time of the most we have .
that which means , that this the first impression of this is is that this the first impression that comes in at a rapid speed , as we perceive things .
and as , as , as we we , we , we , we , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
of course , , of course , , the the the of the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of course , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so so , how how how does a man with certain things , how is a man with certain things , is a man who , with certain things , is , is , is ,
there there there is once there , there is once there , there once there is , there is once , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there
there are there there are there are there are there where i know i know exactly where where i have to reach .
but there there is also also also , there is also also a symbolic , why is there a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
there we are we we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are more we are on the , on the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the we , of which , of , of course , , we , we , we , we , we , of course , we , we , , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
back back to back to to my the my , my the , the the , of which , of course , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , of course , , , , is , the most .
" the " the " the " of " , " " the " the " " " " " the " of " , " " " the " of " , "
that 's the way the norm says it .
how how how how can i do can i do i can do something as i can do something as i can to do something as i can ?
can i can i can i can i can i can i can i can i can i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i i can i i i i can i i i can do this , or i i need a manual , or i i need a
and , and less less , or less , or less , it is .
that i , that i , that i , that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
you have to understand .
and while it is not is not , is it is not , that , is not , is , is , is , is not , is , is , is not , is , is , is , is not , is not , is not , is , is not , is not , is not , is not , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is
why why ?
because , because , in the rule , we usually , through this new kind of new , the natural , natural user , for example , five times the average of five times are at the average of our goal .
you you you you you you you must imagine that , if if you do something of the classic , you need five five five hours , and with this new , new kind of natural software , only an hour .
that it does not , does not not mean that , that you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
if when we then , when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and then the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so , no no no no more , no more , no more , no more , no , no more , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
that that it has made it has made it a much more , but , of course , it is much better .
the the the next generation of the the the the the next generation of the the the the next generation of the world of the world of the world , the the next generation of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so , since i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , i , as i , i , i , as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , as a , i , i , i , i , i , i , as a , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
this is is also a kind of a ...
that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and if if if i then , if i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but that that that that that that that that it will lead me back to the point , from when when when will things actually become more , ?
if if if if if you you you will , and then i i must i i i i will have to try to see my little my little friend here and look , what does that mean from the point of view of the , when is now really a little intuitive ?
and and that this is is that for us people is is always a a a a a a a a a little intuitive for us when i have no need to think about it .
so so , apparently , he doesn not , he he doesn 't , he he doesn 't , he doesn 't like to think , he just wants to do it .
the the the the the less the less the less i i , in a way , think about it , the less it is .
and and what what what does what does that mean for the designer ?
that which means , if when we , when when we , when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
that means , i i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can i i can just i can i can i can i can i can i can just , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and , of course , the , of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
this is this is is is the is the is the the the the the the so-called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " " the " " " " " " the " the " " " " " " " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
that that it is that that that is is used by each of us , and each of us , and is is an acronym , and it is for to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
that that that that that that it is that every one of you do it all the time , but he is , in his subconscious , and , yes , it 's , it 's kind of intuitive , or , in part of , it 's , it 's ...
the the the the the the model is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is it is the is the is the is the is the is the is the is the is the is the is the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
i i can now i can now i can now i can now i can now i can now i can now i can i i can now i can i i i can now i can i i i can now i can now i can i i i can i can i i can i can i i i can i i can i can i can i i i i i i i i i i i can now i i can now i can now i can now i can now i can now i can
and through this , through this , this , this , this , this , this , is , through this kind of the the the , like , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and this is this is on a on a higher the a higher the a higher the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then i can then i can i can transfer the whole thing .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i try to try to try to do it from a
just now , everyone 's had a cake .
now i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i can get all the i i can get , i can filter this , and i can say , just show me all the things with chocolate .
and and and i suddenly i have , i have , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
and the the curiosity of curiosity is not to learn .
that is why is that is why is that all who are all who are here and are are are curious , in fact , people who have a quality that you cannot learn .
i i now i am is now is is is now is is is this i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and there there there is there is a central point in there .
and he is the one that hangs on the phosphorus .
give give give pee pee a a chance .
every day every day , they give , they give , they give , they give , like , two ounces of phosphorus every day , and every day , they have to take two ounces of phosphorus .
otherwise , you can have no teeth .
you can you you can you can you can you can 't save no energy .
you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can 't have no bones .
all we could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could could just as as a , as a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
if , in fact , if we , in fact , if we , in fact , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
because because all they all talk talk talk talk about energy , but no one talks about the energy of the energy .
the the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
we we we we we we we are from two of two countries .
we we we only have only for for for for for for for for for for for for for two for two years , we have now , through the the the the the world 's most , more uranium in the environment than is used in all the oil .
alone in the in the last 20 years alone in the last 20 years alone in the last 20 years , in the the last 20 years , the , of the last 20 years , , , the the , of the the , of the , of the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and we and we we we we will take that all we take .
it it makes it makes it makes leukemia , it makes leukemia with children .
and we and we we we we we think we would protect the the environment if we are a little less harmful .
so , for , for , for , for example , protect the the environment , drive less car .
protect protect the the the the the the the the the the the the the environment , make less the garbage .
protect protect the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the environment , the less energy .
but that this is is not no protection .
that that that is is as , as if , as if i would say , protect your child , only strike it three times instead of five .
this is just a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little less destruction .
if if if we so , from the from the cradle to the the to the the the , our all our earth will , sooner or later , will a graveyard .
so that is why to think of from the cradle to the cradle .
and and the most important thing is to look at the the floor , the first thing that matters is to look at the ground .
in the the the the floor is stored in over 60 % over 60 % of the is in the .
right now , right now , we are now we are now we are now we are we are we are we are now we are we are we are we are now we are we are we are we are now we are we are now to build corn and lose between 11 and 30 and 30 and 30 and 30 and 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of 30 tons of each , 30 tons
which means , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
of course , we can , of course , we can , of course , we can , of course , we can , of course , we can , of course , we can , we can , of course , we can , we , we , we can , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and everything is everything is everything is all is , is the , the , the , the , the , the ...
for , for example , in the , in the , for example , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and because because because because we grow older , the diapers grow bigger .
that is they they they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , in , like , all in the , uh ...
yes ?
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a baby , needs , like , a , like , a , a , a , a baby , a baby , a baby , needs , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , a ...
we , of course , we could , of course , we could , of course , reduce that to ten percent , but what does that do ?
that that will will be in china in a second in a second .
this is is nothing but nothing .
so the question is , so the question is , how are we going to deal with these diapers ?
here , one of the proof , by the by the way , that men men are not pigs .
i i want to i i i want to tell you i
because because because the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
with the people over the urine .
yes .
so so with that , men men men can can no men can not be pigs .
because that 's because that 's what it is is , is it ?
in the traditional traditional , in the in the , in the , in the , in the , we are too many in the world .
and when when when when when you when you to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to , to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
and so so so so so so , someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there is nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in in in in israel in israel , they say , when you save a human life you save the earth .
here it says here it says , the the the more you kill , the better .
yes .
the first question first question is , are we really too many ?
when when when you look at the the the the ants , the the the ants on the earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i i i i i i i i i i i could i i i i could i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i could i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
that means the the the the the ants weigh more than we do .
and because because because because because because because you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
that means , we we are not not too many , we are too stupid , right ?
you you can only you can you can only can you can only be a you , if you do not not exist , yes ?
the only chance .
have have have have have have you ever seen you ever seen a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
yes ?
one ?
that which means , our all our intelligence is that our all intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than the trees , yes ?
yes ?
no no no tree no tree is no tree is not a tree is not a tree .
good , good , good , good , good , good , good , good , good , good , good .
there there is no no no no no no no no no no no no , no , no , no .
there are there alone in the in the the the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
have you ever heard of that you have you ever heard of , you have ever heard of , you , of , of , of , of , of , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
that which means , all of our intelligence means that all of our intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than trees .
and where , where you you see , even with something like a , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
every year every year every year , we lose three so three million tons of phosphorus that we would really have to go back to in the ' 70s .
and with that we are too many .
alone above .
so that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
isn 't isn 't it sad ?
that makes us too many .
it it it it it it it it must surely it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it must it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
but but where where where where are we ? where are we useful ?
we we we are we we we are we we are trying to to to to to minimize our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our ,
we we we we we we we we we we want to be good for society , we we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the the the environment , it 's the highest not to be there , right ?
- yes ?
you can only you can you can only have you can only have you , if you are not there .
even if even if even if if you were you you would shoot yourself now , you would have emissions .
so so so you you can you you can you can you can you can you can you can 't even solve this .
we we can we we can we we can we we can we can do it differently .
we can we we can we can we can we can we can we we can we can get our nutrients back .
we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we do this in china , for example , where we take the waste from it .
in in in in in in in in in in china , a a a a chamber chamber is called a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
and in and in in in in in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that means , the the all the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the cities , the the the the cities , they had to keep growing more because the farmers went into the cities and the cities had to keep to get their nutrients .
so therefore , all all the western , all the the the the the western the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
yes ?
in china in china , it was different .
you you you you have , you have , you have , you have , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
even even today , even today , even today , when you are invited to to dinner in china , you are to wait for you to stay until you go to the toilet .
because because because it is it is it is it is it is it is not rude to go and bring the nutrients .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
that means you you you can see on the internet , you can see how to get the nutrients back .
and and the the the the great thing about it is that the the crime rate in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so we so we we do not we we do not not have to control the people , to be as little as bad .
we we can we we can we can we we can we we we can we we can support you to be good .
this is , of course , it is , of course , it is , of course , it is , of course , it is , it is , it is , of course , it is , it is , of course , it is , it , it is , it , it is , it , it is , it , it , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and they they they are so they are so designed by the design that a a a farmer can simply ...
that means , that means that that that that will bring back the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
and no none of these no , none of these , we have now built over the in over 20 years in the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you you you could you you could you could easily throw a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it won 't be .
that means , we we do not we must not we must not control the people , to be as little as bad .
we we can we we can we can we we can we we we can we we can support you to be good .
that means we we must have to get the phosphorus back .
and by , by the by , by the by , if if you you you want to do something , write down , in germany , in germany , in germany , is the best fit for any of all the in frankfurt .
unfortunately , they not , not they not , but perhaps , perhaps you you can help to help a a little something to help .
for because the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and he has to go back .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we see that that the the , the the the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and we and we we we see that we can do it .
we we we we have now in in the in in holland , we have now been in for over three years .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but we need we need it in total .
you see , you see , there are two , there are two two two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's population .
there there there is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the a a bunch of a bunch of , uh ...
these are are are the are are the the are of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and the the oil we shall we shall we shall we shall we can replace the oil we will be able to replace , by others ,
but but but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that is why is it is not is is is it is not is not is it is not is it is not is not is it is not that to to to make the more , to make it a little less bad , but it is about doing something right .
and is , is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , to , to , to , to ask , what is what is the right .
that means , it is it is , it is , it is about efficiency , not efficiency .
in the in the in the in the in the in of the in the in of the , the in the in of the , the in the in the in the in the in of holland , the land is built on flowers .
yes ?
imagine imagine , if , for for example , if your your your wife is sad when when when when when when you when you upset you , and you come with 50 roses .
completely inefficient .
but quite and very , very effective .
or , or , or , you take , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , take , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , take , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you .
a a a woman in germany , a woman in germany , eats , like , 6 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 ,
with .
that that this is is is is not is is not scientifically , not is not , is not , is , is , because because we do not not know how much of the is in .
but but a a lipstick , a lipstick , even with this light , i can tell you , is is completely inefficient , but very effective and very effective .
a a a everything everything that is beautiful in life is is not efficient .
that is why not not not , not to , not to , but to be efficient .
to ask questions , what is what is the right thing ?
not not not not not not not not not , to to to burn to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to burn the the , the to a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
imagine that mozart mozart is an efficient man .
yes ?
when when when i i invite you to have dinner , and i say , yes , there is a a a a a a a a pill with a and a glass of water .
beautiful , isn 't it ?
this is efficient is efficient .
all everything that is beautiful in life is not is not efficient .
if if if if you fall in love with someone , are you efficient ?
yes ?
that means , all , what all that matters in life is is is is is not to save to avoid , to reduce .
the all the the the the whole , the , the , the whole , the , the , the , the , the whole , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the whole , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we we we we tell to tell to tell the people , oh yes , you have you have no a no , no .
no no no no no no no no no no , the throwing away is just the right thing to do , right ?
in every place where you throw away , from , , yes , you can get back to you .
but the wrong the wrong things .
when when you throw away the wrong things , you throw away the wrong things , you you you have a , you you have a , you you have a , you know , a ...
in as we we think of from the north .
there there there there is every one of every footprint , every footprint .
if when you walk , , yes , every footprint , will destroy the floor .
because just because the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but if if you are , in italy , if you are in italy , every footprint that the water will remain in the meadow longer .
so , so , it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is to to create a large footprint that will become a ...
don 't don 't don 't don 't look .
we say in germany in germany , we say in germany , we say in germany , sustainability .
yes ?
but if when i i ask you , how do you you , your wife ?
then what what what what what do you you say ?
sustainable .
then i i i i say , i i i say , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
that this is is is is the minimum .
so so , do not not save , spare , spare , spare , avoid .
every waste of every garbage is a waste .
and it it it it it it it it it it is a pleasure to see you in italy , how the people in the high bow , they throw out a little , like , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
because , you you you you you you you you you you you you know , this is a a very , very , very , very , very ...
it it it is a form of a kind of a kind of a kind , is it ?
you you can you you can show you i was there .
but with the right design , with the right design , please .
we , for example , we , we have , we , for example , we have developed a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a liquid .
they can they they can they can they they can they they can they they they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two two two two hours , she 's building up everywhere .
and and and it it it it it contains the seeds of the rare plants , so that it , through throwing away , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
that means , we are we are we are useful , not less harmful .
so , there are two two , two , two , two , two .
not not everything not , of course , shall not not , of course , shall not , of course , shall not , shall not , of course , not , shall not , shall not , of course , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall , shall not , shall not , shall , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall not , shall
a a a a a a tv or a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
only just the things things , the things , the the things , the the the things , the the things that , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , like , like , like , like , the , like , like , like , like , like , the , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like
the things things things things that are only used only go into technical systems .
but today , today , we are we we are only talking about the biological systems .
yes ?
for for example , for example , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
direct direct direct direct direct commercial , not not not not for the company of puma , but for that you now help to help this company to make these products successful .
because because we we we we we we do not we do not do we do not do things that are free from .
yes ?
so so , when when i i invite you to have dinner and say that this is free of chicken , it won 't help you .
no no no no no no no no no , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we we , we we , we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
affirmative .
so , not not not like , not like , not like , " like , " like , "
not not not not not poisonous in it .
but everything that everything in it is useful .
these are these are are the first the first the first shoes you can put the you can put the the the the the the the first shoes you can and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
all of all of it is all of it is , of course , of it .
and if and if if we succeed , , we , of course , we , of course , we , for nike , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , and for , for , and for , for , for , and for , for , for , for , for , and for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for ,
and this is that this is is the half of of the world 's half of all the world 's world 's most of the world 's population that are being caused by the world 's most powerful .
that 's why that is why you help you help help help you help with that , you ask people .
hey hey , hey , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , hey , , , hey , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
because because they have they have they have already changed the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
and and i i i i i am not not i am not so sure i am not so sure if she really is .
so , so , help me , help me help me a little .
but i can .
yes .
the the what that was just what was just being portrayed .
you can .
we can we can we can we can we can do things now that if they , when they fall apart , they can be in biological cells .
there are technical technical engineering , and so are there .
there there is for this this is for this this this is a a a a the a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
this is this is is is the the the the first the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
even that , so in every store , you can get things back .
when when when when you come to this , when you come to this ,
do you do you you you remember that the diaper that you used ?
if at this moment , the the garbage is the garbage .
everywhere there are these , these diapers , they are , they are , they are .
in the in the countries where people come to money .
up there on the up on the the the , the in the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
yes ?
alone , if alone , if you you take this that you take this , you you take this , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
with that , the the the the baby is the baby is the the baby is the baby , for the whole life , from the start .
so , so , we we don we don we don not need we don not need to be , we can we can be , we can be .
it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is
yeah , yeah , sort of .
yes ?
we can we we can do that .
we can we can we can we can we can we can make it all up again .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
meanwhile , there are a lot of people who work there are a lot of people working there , and they all can get involved .
there there is there is an extra , there is an extra a club , a club where everyone can join .
so so no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the the the work of the the the the work of the man of the dragon .
music music as a language .
in the the the the the the the the the the description of my , it is written in the the the description of my , it is written that i , as a , i , as a , i , i , as a , as a , as a , as a , as a translator , in the in the in the english , in the english , in the english , in the english ,
" the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
from the to to from the to to to from the to to to from the to to to from the to to to to to from the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
it is strange , but it is strange , it is it is for the it is for the it is for the it is for the it that we musicians are doing with our ,
as a as a a a a a a a a a a a the first i i have i have only the the first , the the the the the most , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ...
you you you you you you you you think you think that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in reality , in reality , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these these notes , these notes are , are , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , a , as a , as a , a , uh , a , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
for for in in in this in this , in this , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that means , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the , the the the , the the , the the the , the the , the the the , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the the the the the the the
today , today i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so , basically , a translation of the translation
so so i i i i i so i i i i i i i i i i i would prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it to the english in the english , it would be for me with the the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation .
so the so the , the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the music that works for me , so it works as much as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so so it is not is not is not is not is not enough not to learn to only to learn to read only to read the notes and to press the right keys on the the the the piano or the right place to press the right place on a musical .
because that , that would would only be the only the the the the the letters you have learned to paint .
the the the the the the the the the the the meaning of the the the the the meaning of the letters , you can only not know the meaning of the the the the the the meaning of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the meaning of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so therefore , it is therefore , that you must need for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
there there there , there there there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there ,
the the the the work of the the the the work of the the the the work of the man of the man , the work of the man , the the work of the man , is beginning to look like the work of a man .
after , after you have first you you have chosen to have a play , you , for you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
you you you you you collect information about the piece of information about the the piece in the box .
you you you read in the in the in the the in the the letters , you you read in the the letters , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you study the you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
it 's you you you put to compare .
the the the the reason why to write it .
how and how and how and how and what what did he and what did did he feel ?
how how how how how how were his , how were his , how were his , the , the , the , the , like , the of society and politics ?
i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you
in the time , in the time of the time , you , as a , you you , as a , you , you , you , as a , you , you , you , you , too , you , you , as a , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the composer will become more and more and more and more and more to be a friend you live with .
his his his his request to write the play , will always more and more to my personal business to play it .
now , since now , since the the the the music of the the the music of the the the the the music of the the the the the music of the the the the the the the the the the music of the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i then i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
now for me now for me and for the to for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
every sound every sound , every phrase every phrase , every phrase , every phrase , every phrase , every phrase , and every phrase , it makes sense , because i feel it for myself , because it comes from my now , it comes out of personal .
it must it must it must it must be for me in here , and now it must be for me to be in here , or i can not convince my audience that this is my business .
it it it it it is always is always a a a a a a very happy concert , if i may have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the play that i have worked for so long time in advance , to experience .
how how how you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i take the the the the the the the breathing of the the the people of the audience , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
all all all that that that affects me , and all that that affects my experience with the composition .
it is wonderful is wonderful is also , when i am standing on the stage with a ... with a ... and we have the same wavelength .
and then the the the the same thing happens the the same as in a good , very , very interesting conversation .
you you bring in a a new idea , you bring in a new idea , and at the very moment , this will be answered with a reaction .
it it it it it it it it is exciting , because then things that we have not so rehearsed , and what you can can 't not rehearse .
it it it it it it it it is it is a great pleasure to make music in this way , and you , as the audience , you and as the audience , you have experienced how the music is in the living .
so so that each concert is a different concert .
i i will never i will never will i will never play as i will never play again as i am now .
i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i i can i i i i i can i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i can i can i i can
there i shall i shall i shall i shall i shall have more i shall have more i shall have more life experience , more i shall have more experience , more i shall have more life experience than today , and so i shall i shall i shall i shall shall have more , on my the , on my the , of the , of the , of the , of , of the , of , of , of , of , of the , of , of , of , of , of , of ,
sure , sure , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i have have a a nice , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
it it it was on was on a was on a was on a was on a was on a was on a was on a was on a was on a on a a a a a a a for a to for my beloved old teacher , professor , professor , professor , professor , , professor , professor , , , , , , , professor , , , , , , , , , professor , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
unfortunately , i i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was too young , so that he had already been more ... more than i was at last , to study .
but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i was in high school in his classes .
i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was when i was back on one of his classes and i played the the last of the four of the four of the four of the four of chopin , the one of a " the " the "
he he he he he he he he he he asked me what the the the the introduction of this " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
this is this is this is is is such a ... a ... this is such a ... a ... a ... this is such a ... this is such a ... this is such a ...
and in and in my in my , in i , in i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and so he and he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
this must must must be the age difference .
for for for for me , she , for for me , she , she , for me , she , she , she , she , for , , , , , , , , , , means , to me , it , it means memory .
he he was over 60 .
well , at the age of 17 , you have dreams , but no more important memories .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
every time every time it 's it 's it 's it 's it 's it 's it 's it 's it it 's it it 's it it 's it it 's it 's it 's always i i read something new .
a example of an example of from a in a very different area , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , of , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
it it it is always is always the same the same the same the same garden , but in different times of day , in the light of the light .
he he he he he translated the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
his his his personal personal personal favorite of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " of " .
the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
by now , i i am i i i i am i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
and and and it it it it it i i i i i i , it i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
to to to to to to to to to to to keep the , , to to hold , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
for because the the the grades are the the the only link to him is to him .
especially especially when when he 's already died .
well , well , how how how do you how to start to speak the language of music ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
sometimes the music music music music is so that you can learn to read the grades .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you you you learn to learn to learn to find the sound of the notes on the instrument .
when when then when all hands , when all hands , when all hands in time and right , as it is in the notes , and then the sound of music .
when when when when the when the , when it is done , , , the the student will receive the most beautiful piece .
it is , that is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it ?
all right , well , there it it is , it it it is , it is a quick play .
it 's , it 's ...
loud and loud and loud and loud and loud and loud and loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
that 's what most people here know .
but even though , even though you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and yet it is still it is still it is not still is it is still not a interpretation .
i wonder i wonder wonder .
i i i wonder i wonder i i i wonder i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wonder i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wonder i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wonder i i i i i i wonder i i i i i i i i i i i
because , that , that , that , that , to to make music on the instrument , to do do your own musical and feel should be there before .
because the the singing .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a child who who did not not learn to sing , because the parents did not , it will not from itself .
it 's like it 's like it 's like when it comes to the , it 's like , the , uh ...
it it is it is it is necessary to have to have to have his own experience and the idea of the music , to then to have it over another way , so to make it sound about an instrument .
people people who who have never never , who have never , have never , have never , have never felt with the body of their own , what it is to make a sound .
to make a a a a a phrase with a a a phrase with its own breath .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
to to to to our our our our vocal chords to sing to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the to of my fingers .
the the the melody the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the melody is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
" the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you don you you don you you don 't you you don 't you you don 't need to make music , when you get bored .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
every every one of their own music , every music , you get to be killed every time you get out of the outside with music .
sure , sure , there there there are some among them who say , yes , but what what do you do if i can not sing ?
i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
or b b b b , because you you have not learned not to sing ?
with both , it is not it is not it is not it is not it is not it is not it is not too late to it is not too late to to start to to to find out whether or to learn to learn how to learn how to use these little muscles that the vocal chords that use the vocal chords .
because that 's what you can train to train .
or c c c c c c c c c c c , because they have they they are they who they are , they are they are not .
then i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have have you have brought in a , or have you , as they say it is beautiful these days ?
or d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d , you don d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
what what what i i i would i i i i i would i i i i would i i i i i would i i i i would i i i i i i would i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would
but perhaps , perhaps , perhaps , you can , perhaps you can you can change your mind .
well , well , well , you you see , in all cases , no one has to be a ... a ... a ...
but please don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don , i don 't understand the classical music .
i i i can i i i can can can can can can i can can can can can can can not tell if it 's good or bad .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
because i i i i i i i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don i don 't think i don i don 't think it , because i can 't cook .
so , you , you you you don 't you don 't you don 't you don 't you don 't give up on food just because you can 't cook .
so so so so you don you don don 't you don 't have to do you don don 't have to not give up on classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen , listen , listen , listen , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ...
i wonder if the music that the music that the music is to you or is too sweet .
say say say what you feel .
with time , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , too , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , too , they , they , they , they , they , they
why why why now why i now ask from my my audience that it is also listening to it ?
because because because the music is a the the the music is a language and a language is to communicate .
a a a work of art a art of art that you never never look at has no power to work .
the the food the food that was made by a cook or a a a a cook or a a a a a a cook or a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so please listen , please listen , if a music is played .
she she is not she is not she is not she is not just a not just a a a a a nice , nice , nice , little , little , little ...
when when when when in a in a a a in a a a in a a a in a a a place where , where the , where , where the , where , where , where , where the , where the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you can you can you can you you can play it in blue ?
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the child , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and this this this this sounds very , very different from before .
that that that was then that was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the very beginning of a very , very , very , very , very musical .
so so the first step to an interpretation .
and what what what what what what what happens when when you play a play a play today , which was originally written a hundred , 200 , or even 300 years ago ?
in the meantime , the the instruments have now have have been the instruments .
there was , at the time , there was , at the time , there was , there was , in the time , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was
it it just it it it it it just wasn 't just it wasn 't invented yet .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think that the the bach would have been thrilled if he had had had had the the the the the the the most ... the the the the the most ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the
i i i i i i can today i can today i i can i i can today i i i can i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i can i can
even from beethoven beethoven , you you you also know that he heard more than he had already been deaf .
today today today , a a modern a modern , modern a modern , modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra from back then , has turned down as a " a "
so that is why , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
to so that they will be to be , what they have in mind .
and and and also , what what what you would you would think in your mind today .
or what or what what i i i i i i i i i i i do today , because what you might have thought .
thank you .
do you you you know what envy is ?
have you you ever been jealous ?
and how and how did how did that feel ?
shit .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have a a a friend , a a friend who drives a ...
when when when when when when when when i come , when when i come , when i come , with my my little " v " and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
something shoots something through my head .
i i i i i i say , , , , , , ulf , , what what do you need a big car for ?
the the the the the the the the the the first year of the year , it loses half its value .
and at all at all , you , you you work much less than i do .
why why why do i have to have to do i have to afford a little car ?
and and and then i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it it it is against the justice .
and as as i , as i i i say the the word " justice " is that this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our our our organism has invented a a a a a great way to make such an unpleasant feeling like envy just to disappear .
you you can you you can you can you can you you can try it with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
the the the the the the the mechanism is from the lies .
but but do do do do do do do do do do do do do do not , do do do not , do do do not , do do do not , do do do do not , do do do do not think , do do not think , do not , do , do , do , do , do not , do not , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do , do ,
and then and then , and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and ... and then ... and then ... and ... and then ... and ... and then ... and ... and then ... and ... and then ... and then ... and ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ... and then ...
on a such a lie , you see , you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it it it it it it it it makes it easy to make sure that he has something else in mind .
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
no no no no no no no no , the the the the the the lie i i 'm talking about , she has to do with you , that you fool yourself .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you need this lie to to to to to keep a secret , to keep a secret , to keep a secret .
they they can they they can they can they can they they can they they can they they can they they can they they can they they can less easily , yes , they , they , they , they , they , they , or they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
you need time .
from this time of this time , a time of this time , a is a a story that you may know .
the the the the the the the the the the the the spanish , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this this this woman , this woman , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
picasso will answer to picasso , just wait .
it it will always be more and more like you .
in this this this , and when you laugh , you you know how important this lie , and how much time you need to learn to know something that artists can very well share .
for for for for for artists , artists have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
the the the the the the the the artist , the the the the artist , he , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the the the the the the the the artist , in a a this portrait of you , the the the artist , the the artist , the the artist , he , the , he , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
and then , and then this this , this , this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this , this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
here here , you have here , you have this , this , this , this , this , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
and not not not only not only in the art , not only in the art , not only in the art of art , even in the , in which in the mythology , in stories , it comes back .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you may you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
one day one day one day , this this mirror says , yes , there is a more beautiful .
behind the seven the seven mountains and so on .
and and you you also you also you you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the the mirror cannot lie can not lie , from this true information .
but but but we should we should we should just should we should just we should just we should just , you know , we should just , you know , we should just , we should just , we should just , we should just , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
here here it is necessary here , what we , under the , of what we understand , to put it on and on .
we we we we we we we need in this this place , we need to have this lie , that , that , that , that , in this place , that we , who , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we we have not not not not only have not not only in the art of not only in the art of art , but in the science of such great lies .
and there there there there there there is there is this story of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the bishop of the the the the bishop of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the bishop of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the bishop of
she heard she heard of this the of this the the the the the the of the the the the the of the the the the the the the of the man .
that that the man that the man of the the man of the monkey , and , yes , there at least there would be a common ancestor among men and apes .
and then and then she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
the man shall the man shall shall have the man of the the man of the monkey , or shall have a common ancestor .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
and if if if if it is true , then we must to prevent the people from knowing .
why why why must we we must to stop to prevent people from knowing something when it is true ?
because because because we can we can we can we can we can cannot live without those , we cannot live .
so , so , we we we can we we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can not stand these things .
we must we must we must we must to prevent that the people will learn to learn from things , especially when they are true .
so so you to see how slowly this this the mechanism slowly ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
a a particularly beautiful , beautiful story , as i mean .
my my my my my my my my wife my wife , she told me .
she came one day she came from one day she came from school , she she is a teacher , and she she told me about a student .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
she she she she she she she she she especially likes him especially , because he has a tendency for sincerity .
and and she she she she she she she she she she asked him , what are what are your hobbies ?
and there he there he says , well , well , i i 'm with the fire department .
and because because because i am i i i am i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
yes yes , yes , you you you you you can feel it , when you are , when you are bright , in this place , something is wrong .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i told my my my my wife , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
do you do that once and then you will know the sentence .
even though i am i , i am i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
you feel you feel that this is is the the the the real truth behind information .
such a a a a a a a a a little little boy , who he doesn 't care about for the little boy .
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
but but there there there there are no no no no no no no , there there are no no no , there there are no , there there are no no no no , there are no , there that we can look around where you learn how to make fire .
there is only there is only the second best second best , just the fire department .
that 's where he signed in .
and , and , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , your , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
no no no no no no no , it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it just looks much better when we show that we are to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to rid the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to rid the to to rid the to to to to to to rid the to
here here here here you have this little this little mechanism .
this this this this this , this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and so , and so , and , and , and , in the language of the politically correct politically correct , , it is simply , that , in the words that we use in the the language of the politically correct politically correct politically correct politically correct politically correct politically correct politically correct , that we use .
actually , actually , we do we we know that something else is the case .
but we but we we we we we we know , when we say that , the social conditions are very sensitive .
we can we can we can can we can can can not we can not just do this .
it it is impossible is impossible impossible to present such things in a society that should work to present .
i now i i i now i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i now i i i
by which , by which the logic of the logic that this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of which , in which , in which , we , in the , in the , we , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , , in the , in the , in the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to present to you two , perhaps three examples of this .
the the the first example of the first example is , which , as many of you , and some of you , and some of you , most few of you , do not need .
i i i i , the the the the the the soul .
what what what is what is is the soul ?
the the the soul is the soul is is is so a a spirit of the spirit , it says , " the spirit " .
and from this of this soul , you you now , you now , you , you , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in the , in the , in the in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the
and and if when when when when that this , when when this , when this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and then then he can he can just run away .
that this is is is the the the the the the the idea of how the soul is .
so she shall she shall , from the outside to to to to come to man .
so we shall we shall so shall we shall so shall we shall , shall we shall , shall we shall , shall we , shall , shall we shall , we shall , shall , shall we shall , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
and and if if if you have , if you have that , that you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
because now you can now you can now you can use a " a "
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know from school .
this is now this is now is now a a this is a a a a a a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " , a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
this is , by the by the way , is the the most difficult part in my lecture .
here , you you need you need some logic , but you also need to lie to the stand to lie .
because so to lie so to lie so to lie so that you can simply use that logic to wrong .
in this , in this , in this , in this , the three , three , three , three , two , three .
the first first the first sentence is , klaus says that there is no soul .
so the the second second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there is now there is a third set .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
a a a a a a a a third , a third set that shows up with people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they they they say who who who who who who who has no soul , who is dead and can say nothing .
and here here you can feel it .
here this here is this , this is the logic of that logic in this , yes , yes , in this , in this , that , in this , that , in this , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that ,
you you you you you see it now .
the the first the first two the first two the two , the two , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
the logic logic logic logic does not make no statements about reality .
i can i can i can i can i can say the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the chancellor is a man .
and if if if i am right , then the the chancellor is a man .
if if if if if i am not i , the the chancellor is not a man .
logic logic logic logic does not make a statement about what is .
i can i can i can say anything i say .
but what is the the the the point is , if i am right , then it is .
so , if if when klaus klaus , if klaus says , there is no soul .
second two , if if if he is right , then he has no soul .
these things , these things , these things , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are ,
and now , now , now , now , our , our , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and now , our , our , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , our , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it is a a a a third set that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and who acts as if the opposite of the first is proved , and provided .
because , in fact , we should , in fact , we should have to to prove to you whether there is the soul or not .
but with with this logic , which , with that logic , which , with that logic , which , with that logic , which , which , with that logic , which it , is , that two sentences are logical , and and a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a third , a third , a that that that that he looks like he has something to do something to do something to do something to do something to do to do to do to do to do with
so , so , we we we we we we pretend like it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
and and and we we we we are we we are we are we are very happy we are very happy about it .
we we we can we can we can we can we can we can continue to these things on different different forms .
in the present in the present , we have a very modern , modern example , that keeps filling up the oil industry .
this you must , you must , you must , you must , you must have a more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , a , more , more , more , a , a , a , a , a , from philosophy .
that that that that has to to do with that we go back to the the the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the '
there there there there was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
he he does not not not not he has not not this soul .
this is this is is is is such a ... a ...
and and if if if if if you you place the right in the right in the middle of the between the two of you , he will starve to death .
because because he he he he he he he doesn 't he doesn 't know what a haystack he should go to first .
so he he is standing right in the middle .
that is is how the the the the the that is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the powers of the , with the powers of the , with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
nothing nothing is happening .
only if only if if if if if if you then , if you , if you make a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it automatically , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
if if if if you have that you have this idea that in nature , in nature , in nature , you , in nature , you , you , you , in , you , you , you , in nature , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , that you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and and if if we are here we are here in here in frankfurt , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there there there is there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
now now we can now we can now we can now we can , we can we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , and we can say , if wolf singer is right , then he has no ,
these these these , these , these , these , these , these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these , these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ...
and what what what we can now , what we can read almost every day in the the the daily daily newspaper , you will find in this third sentence .
he he who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , may , may , may , may , may , may , may not , may not , may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may or may be
even here you have it back here .
in fact , in fact , you 'd have to have to prove to you , if there is such a thing as a ...
but but the the logic of the the logic of deception allows us to act as if the first set of in the first place is wrong , as if , of course , one must accept the opposite without proof .
and now , now you can now you can you can , if you you you you you you you you you you can , you can now you can , you can , if you you you want to do something for yourself , if you want to test something for yourself , and , and , and , and , and , you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can
practice , for example , for example , if you ever meet a man you can then you can say , there is no such thing .
and please , please , please do do not do do do do do do do do do do do not not use the the the the german word for " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
you can you you can you you can you you can you you you can you you can not call that , that would be a a little politically ...
tell tell tell tell me there are no there are no there .
right now , they will , they will , they will , for which , of course , they will , they will , they will , who , for which , of course , they will , will , they will , who , for which , of course , you , you , you , you cannot not prove .
and you already you have a problem .
because while while while while while while while while while you are busy , while you are busy trying to make it clear that you can 't prove that there is no such thing , that there is a man very happy .
he he he he he he is he he is he is he is he he is he he is he he is he is he is very happy , because he has deceived you .
because because because he he he he he he he has led you on a trail that he does not not not hold on to himself .
because , in fact , in fact , , this man , is , in fact , is , this man is not interested in evidence at all .
he he he he he is only he is only he is only interested in to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
so , so , in the the the the the way of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and if if once again , if once again , if once again , if you have again , if you will again have the opportunity to feel this way with other people , you will do it because you will make others will make others happy , if you do you do not , in that way , you do you do not you do not , in that way , you do you do not , to not , to do .
i thank thank thank thank you for your attention .
yes , yes , hello , hello hello .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
she she she is she is one of the one of the one of the most beautiful of this great event , and she asked me if i wanted to give a lecture here and give out my idea .
i i i must to to to to be honest , you you i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i may i may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may may i present to you that i try to introduce you .
but , of course , it is , of course , it is , of course , it is , of course , the sum , of many , many , many ideas .
and and and then i , in the in the the in the the in the the in the the the , the , the , the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
there there there was there there was the the the the , the , uh , the , uh ...
they they they they they were all they , they they were all the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
they are called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
because because because because a good a good a good a good engineer either a good engineer , he either built a great car or he built it .
but , but , such as a stupid , like a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ...
and in berlin in berlin in berlin , there was was a crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but , though , though , in the , in the , the in the , the , the , the , the , in the , the , the , in the , the , the , in the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , in the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
there it was there , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there was , there , there was , there , there was , there , there was , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there
the the place of the , the the place of the , of the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and yes , yes , many many many many , many many many , many many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have worked in the the the the collective for 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
we we we were we were twenty twenty .
it it 's it 's it 's it that 's it , it 's it , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
and and i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and so i i i i i i i i i have brought you a a project that i i now i would like to introduce you .
and and the the title of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we just we we we just started to just start with a relatively , uh , relatively , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
on this island on this island on this island , this is the this island , on this island , this is the island , on the , on the , on the , the , the , uh ...
yeah , yeah , yeah , that 's , that 's , that 's the the the data .
there there are four and four and a half a thousand people .
they they they have today have a a a a a a , a , a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and the the the question is , why why don 't you have ?
it just can 't , it just can 't .
when when when they , when they , when they , when they , more , they , more , more , more , more , more , more , the the system begins to fail .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
they they always say , why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
i can can 't be no problem .
but is but is not , we , in europe we have seven seven seven seven , and our net is physically seen the european .
if if if we had in in in europe , we would have the same problems the people on this island have .
the the question was simple question was just , if you expect that it was , the first contacts with the island , they just start counting .
how how how how how how how how how how big would it would have to be a a battery so that you could bring a this island to 20 , 30 , 30 , 40 , 40 , 40 , 50 , 50 , maybe even 70 , 70 , 70 % .
and yes , yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the conventional the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the conventional the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
by the by , by the by , by the by the by , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
that that that is the is the the the is of a a a hundred , a hundred and a hundred , because it goes very fast everywhere .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it goes fast .
you put you put a box like that .
and and then , it usually looks that way .
in the the the the the three of the the three of the the , the two are always waited .
yes , yes , that is , a that that that is , that is , that is , that is the the burden .
we we we we also got very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the , or the the the , or the the the , or the the the , or the the the the , or the the the the , or the the the , the , the , or the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
our our goal was it was easy to say , okay ,
the the the the diesel the diesel is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and if if if if if if you want to go over 20 , 30 , 30 , 30 % , you want to go , so energy a year , not the performance at the moment , you need to take out the diesel .
that which means that at that moment , you must , in that moment , you must make sure that the , in a way , that , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you , of course , you , you , of course , you , you , of course , you , you , of course , you , you , of course , can only , if you , in some way , you will be brought here .
that no no no one has ever done this to no one in the world .
there it is in the small style , so in the car , you can also , you can use your razor in the car , and you can use your razor over a little , uh ...
the people people people people always ask me , what do you do you do you do you you do in the in the , ?
that 's it .
but if if , if if you , if if you you want to , if you want to , you want to , you want to , you know , some of these , you know , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , uh , some of these , uh , uh , some of these , some of these , uh , some of these , some of these , some of
that this will , that will , that will , , that , , , hydrogen , methane , power , power to gas , you or , it will be .
you then you must then you must then you must , you must , you must , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
we we we we we we we we we we just wanted to we we just wanted to know , what is with a a a a normal , , , a , , a , , a , , a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
how how how how how how how far do you you get where you can get ?
and and then they then they did do a whole lot of simulations .
those were the first the first the first the first the first the first calculations were six years ago .
and then we and then we said , okay ,
if it 's great , we 'll have a business model .
we we we we we are cheaper we are cheaper , like the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and then then we we we started to negotiate with the the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
what what what what what what what what would all must do ?
i have tried to negotiate with investors , i i i have tried to find a new set of companies .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we were only five , five people , to rebuild one to the society .
and here here again , here 's the , the , the , the , the ...
the the the the brown brown brown brown brown is the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the green is our system .
that our that our our system also has has a is that because we are still 20 % of with diesel diesel , and we also have not yet to penetrate a power of the other things .
and and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we do we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we want to we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
and so therefore , we therefore therefore , we we have decided to to build a a hall in which , in which , in which we , in which we , in which , we , in which , we , in which , we , we , we , in , in , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , in , in , in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , in , , , , ,
which means , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
here she is .
it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it comes from the , it is , it is , it , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is ,
and and , in the in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , of , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the ,
she she is you you can you can you can see it is a very , very large battery .
she she has she has has has has a a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and and then they then they put them together .
over here over here , we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are
and here here you can see the whole thing again .
we we can also we can we can we can we can we can also we can we can we can we can also we can we we can also , two , two , two .
here here we we we we we see this again we we see this again we see the the diesel , here again , the whole , every single one of them .
and what what what we have done , since ever since , since the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so we we are we we are not we are not we we are we we we we are we we we we we are we we we we are we we we we we we are we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are
you , of course , you must , of course , you must , of course , communicate to to to the the the battery , of course , you must also , to communicate to the web , and it is very complicated .
the the the beauty beauty is the the the the beauty of the the the beauty of the is the the the the the the beauty of is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the beauty of the is on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so this all this all this discussion , how , at this moment , is , in this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
and then , of course , he is ,
so so so so , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ...
we we can we can we can we can we can start on on on on on the island , we can start to blend in with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
that means , when when when you are , when you are , at 70 % , you can 't do that without memory .
you you you can , through a you can , through a you can , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you can , through a , through a , through a , through a , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and this is is is so a a little bit the the message .
that 's why that is why that is why many a a a a a lot of people come and look at that there , just because you can see what problems you get .
when when when we turn off the the diesel , you just no longer have the the the the most beautiful mass that causes a certain inertia in the net .
and , and our our our our our our our our our our our our our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our
we we we we we we we we we we we look into into this the , we see the fifty fifty , and if it will , and if it will , and if it will , as it will , we , we will catch , we will , we will , we , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will
this is this is the system .
and , of course , of course , of course , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is
if if if you you put it somewhere , it 'll take a while .
the the the the the the the the the the the reserve reserve reserve has at least 10 seconds to keep the net stable .
and in that time , in time , you can react differently .
if if if if if you have no that you have no that , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and we and we we can we can with this this big , big , big , big battery , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , with this big battery , we can , we can , we , we can , we can , we can , we can , we , we , we , we , we can , we can , we , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can ,
you you you you you you you you you you can see , you you can see what an enormous , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
and the the the the the the the the the the the the message is now , we must , we must , we must , to , to , to , to , to , to , in , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
then we must then we must then we must we must take down our the our most powerful , most powerful , most powerful , most of the most powerful in the net .
it is simply , it is simply , that the the the power plant is running to keep the frequency .
yes yes , yes , that is is is is is is is a is a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , that is
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we just try to just to make it clear that you can remove the the the the the , the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and , fortunately , there is also a a a lot of studies .
and and for that , for that , for that , the people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
and yes yes , yes , the the discussion is always about the question , how how far can a a piece of a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and many many many many many many many many many of the many discussions i have had in over the last six , in the last six years i have had , have been in the subject of the debate .
i can can not , is is is bullshit , we have all expected , we never expect .
we we we we have today we have today we have thirty thirty thirty , thirty , most of the in germany .
that is that is is a very , very ...
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i just i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
very simple , it will come .
there there there will there will there will there will there will be a so a a a a a whole lot of of , uh , a lot of , uh , a , a lot of , uh , a lot of ...
the the the the beauty of the beauty is that i , i , for i have , i , for i have , i have , i , i , for , i have , i , i , i , i , for , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
we we we we have now we have now we have we have now , we have , we have , over ten million , we have , in order to put a " a " on the german net .
this will this will will will will be the next april next .
so so from so , from so , you you also you you can also you you you can also you you you can see that there is a change there , and only from this , to from this , to , to the idea , a hundred percent , is true .
and if when you have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
in so so so far , in discussions , in this discussion , in the , in the , in the , of , , , , in the , of , , , , , , , in the , of , in the , in the , of , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the the the the the the the the question is is , if , if you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , are , are , are , are , an island .
and then they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
and and this is this is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and that this is is what what what what what we do , and in so , is also , the the lecture of the , the , of the , the , of the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and , well , well , well , well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and you you you you you really have to be really tough to stay with , but i think that it 's okay .
thank you .
when when as steve steve steve steve steve steve steve , steve lopez , the the the the the of the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
she she came from came from a a a a man , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a man , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel , left nathaniel , left , left , left to , left to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to leave , to to to to to to to to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
i i i i met mr. i met mr . i i met mr . i met mr . i met mr .
he he he he he had just had just heard a a a a show of beethoven 's first and fourth , he had just heard , and he came backstage behind the symphony to introduce himself .
he he he he he spoke in in in in in a in a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and a a few days later , i got an e-mail that said that nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel was interested in me for i .
i i i i must i i i i must i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , , , in , , in , , , , , in , in , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he talked about he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
so so i i i i i just started to just start playing .
i i i i i i i i i i played the the first set of the first set of the first set of the beethoven 's favorite .
and while while while while i i was playing i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it it it it it was as if he was , under the influence of an invisible medicine , a chemical reaction , whose the catalyst was my game .
in the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , of the , the , the , of the , the , of the , the , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the , the , the , of the , of the , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
and as , as , as through a a a wonder , he took his the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we then we we then we we we then we began to talk about music , started talking about bach about beethoven , brahms , brahms , brahms , and all the other , and all the other , and all the other , all the other , all the other , of the , all the , all the , from the , from the , from the , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he , he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
by by playing music playing music and he he he he he he was playing music playing music , and he was , from this paranoid , confused , confused , confused man , who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , the streets of los angeles , a lovely , educated , educated , trained , in juilliard .
music music music is medicine , music changes us .
for to for nathaniel , to for nathaniel , to for nathaniel , music , music is music is a spiritual health .
for for for the the music the music allows him to , his his thoughts and his delusions with the help of his imagination and his creativity in something that is a ... a ...
and so so he so so so he so he so he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his
i i i i i i i i i i understood that this is , this is , this is , this is the the nature of art .
this is this is is is is the reason why we do music , so that we something that is in us all , deep deep inside , our feelings , through our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our ,
and the the reality of the reality of that the the reality of that the the reality of that the the reality of that is is that we are all , and move , inspired , and , and inspired and together .
as for as as for nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel nathaniel , so the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and i i i i i i i i i i will i i i will i i will i i will i will always with nathaniel , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
thank you .
thank you .
robert robert robert robert robert robert robert robert ,
robert robert robert , i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to play i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i hope i hope you you will forgive me .
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i only loved only i loved only loved only two .
this first this first , that was was more like a passionate affair .
it it it it was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful ...
what a what a fish .
even better even better , he he was , he was , he was , was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was bred in the , after the supposedly the highest standards of sustainability .
so i guess you you you could you you you could you you you could you you you could you you you could feel you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
i i i i i i i had with this beauty with this beauty i had a relationship with over several months .
one day one day , the the boss of the company , the chief of the company , he called and asked me if i could at an event , i could ... i could ... i ... i ... i could ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ...
" of , of course , " i said .
here there there there was a a a a a a a a a a a a company that tried to solve , what this the most incredible problem for our cooks , how do we keep fish on our menus ?
in over the over the last 50 years , in the last 50 years , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we ,
it it is it it is it is it is it it is it is it is it it is it it is it it is it is it it is it it is it it is it it is it is it it is it is it it is it it is it is it is it is it it is it is it is it is it is it it is it is it is it is it it is it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it
90 , 90 % of the of the big fish , who we love , who we love , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
there is almost nothing left .
so , so , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
many many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he he he has a a a a a a a a a 15 to 1 .
that which means , 15  15  15 is it takes to get a  1 pound .
not not not very , not very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
it doesn 't not taste very good .
so so here finally there was finally a a company that was finally trying to do it right .
i i i i i i i wanted to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wanted to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the day before the the the the the the day before the the the the the the day before the , the day before , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let let we call him don .
" don don don don don don don don , " i i i i i i i i said , " i , " i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
" that that is true , " he said , " he said , " we are so far out that the garbage is being distributed by our fish is not focused . "
and and then he then he added , " we are , we are basically , a world of our own .
he said , " this " , " this " , " this " , " this " , " this " , " this " , " this " , " , " , " , " , " he said .
" the best the best in the business . "
i , i , i , i , i , i ...
what do you feed ?
" sustainable sustainable protein , " he said .
" great great " , " i said , " i put up .
and and that that that that that that that that that that that night i was i i was in bed , and i i i thought , " what the hell is a , is a , what the what the hell is is is a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , uh , uh , uh ,
so so so , the the the the the the the the the the the the next day , i called , just before the event , i called don .
i i i i i said , " don don don don don don , what , for example are sustainable protein ? "
he said he said he said he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
let we let we call him don , let we also call him don don .
" don don don don don don don , " i said , " what , for example , are are are are sustainable protein ? "
well , well , he he he , he he he he mentioned some algae and some of the , uh ... and then he he said , " ...
i i i i i i i i i i i i said , " , " , " " , " " , " " , " " " ?
he he he he he said , " yes , feathers , feathers , skin , skin , dried , dried , dried , dried , and processed into food . "
i i i i i i i i i said , " how , how , how , how , how , how , how many percent of your is is chicken ?
in the assumption that of maybe two percent .
" well , well , that 's , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i i i i i i said , " don don don don don , what what is is it that is so ... " to feed chicken to fish ? "
there there there was there was a a a a a long , long pause on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
no no no no , not not not , not , not because i am i a a i i i am a i , i am a i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
that i am i i i i am i , i am .
no no no no no no no no no no i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this this this the second fish , this is a different kind of love story .
it it is is is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
she she , in a way , set us up .
he he he he he he he he he came to the the table with a a a a bright , white , light white color .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
hold twice .
surprisingly , , he was still was still delicious .
who who who who who who who who who can can can make a fish taste so good after he 's become a fish ?
i i i i can i i i can i i can i i can i i can i i i can i i i can i i i i can i i i i can i i i i i can i i i i i can i i i i i i i i i i can i i can i can i can i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i can i i i i i i i i can i can i can i can i can
if we call him miguel , he is actually his name is miguel .
and no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , he he he did not not , he he did not , and he is not a cook , at least in the the way that you and me and i understand .
he he is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
this this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a in in the southwest corner of spain .
she is she is near near the the the the the the the the the mouth of the river .
until up to to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the farm was in the hands of the
they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they they they did they did they did , by they , by they , they , by they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they they they they built built this complicated , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
well , well , they they they they they they couldn 't they they couldn 't , they couldn 't do that , that that that that worked , not economic .
and it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was a disaster .
it it it it it it killed about 90 % of the birds , about 90 % of the birds , which for this place is many birds .
and so so , in 1982 , in 1982 , in 1982 , a a a a spanish company , bought the the land of the country .
what what what what what did you did ?
they they they have the the the the the the river of the water , the the the the river of the water .
you you you , you , you , you literally , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
instead instead , instead of the the water , they they used the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
they they they they created a , they created a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
the farm is the farm is incredible .
i i i i mean , you you you you you have never seen anything like this before .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he he he he he is an he is an amazing , amazing guy , three parts of charles darwin , and a part a " a crocodile to kiss . "
there we there we we we and we we we were we and we we we were we and we we were we and we we were we and we and we and we and we were we and we and we fought through the , and i , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
here here , he here , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
now he now he now he he now he he he he now he he he he now he he he he he now he he he he he he he now he he he he he he he he is now , he he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
and here here here , here here here , here , he sees a a a a a pattern of ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a
it turns out , it turns out that miguel has spent the the most part of his career in the the most famous national park in africa .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he he he said , " fish , i don 't know nothing about fish .
i i i am i i i am an expert in relationships .
and then he and then he he goes , and he goes , and then he goes , and he falls into more talk of rare birds and algae and and the strange , and strange ,
and and and and don do do do do do do do do do do do do do do not , do do do do not , do do do not , do do do not , do do not you not , do do not you not you , do do do not you not you not you , do not you , do not you , do not you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do not you , do you ,
it it it it it it it it it it it it is great , but i was in love .
and and my my my my my my my my my my head , my my head , my my head , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
i i said , " miguel , how is it that your your fish is so good ? "
he he pointed at the the algae .
" i i i i i i i i know , boy , the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but but what what what what what what what what do your fish eat ?
" how what is the what is the what is the what is the is the is the the is the the ? "
well , well , he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the the , the the the , the the the , the the , the the the the , the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the system is the system is so healthy , it is so perfectly healthy .
there is no no food .
have you ever heard of ever heard of heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was it was as if a the a a a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ...
and we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
" that this is success , " he said .
" look look look look look at her look at her , pink .
" you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
i was i i was i was completely confused .
i i i i i i i i said , " miguel , do you do not you do not you ?
" yes , yes , " he said .
" we we we lose we lose 20 % of we lose 20 % of our fish , and we lose to the birds .
well , well , last last year last year , on this land , there were 600,000 birds , over 250 different types .
it today it today is today is today the the greatest and one of the most important private private private , most of all in europe .
i i i i i i i i i said , " miguel , is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a good , a a good , a a good , , , , , , , , , a , a , a not the last one you want to have on a on a on a ?
he he he he he shook his head , he shook his head , no .
he he he he he said , " we we are we we are we we we are we we we we are building , not intense .
this this this is this this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a , , a , a , a , a network .
" the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
okay okay , okay , let let let let let let let let let let let let let let let we think this a a farm that does not feed its animals and a a a farm that will measure their success in the health of their robbers .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
oh , oh , and by the by , by the by the by the by the by , i don 't even think that i should be there .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they are they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
every morning every morning , they fly to the farm for 240 miles .
and every night every night every night they fly , they fly back 240 miles .
you you you do that because you you can follow the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
seriously .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i had i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i said , " miguel , do you , you , miguel , do you fly to the farm for 240 miles and then will you go back 240 miles an evening ?
do you you do this for for the children ?
he he he he he he he he he he he he he looked at me as as if i had just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he he he he said , " no , no , you do that because the food is better . "
i i i i i i i i i have not not i i i have not i i , i i i i do not i i i i i do not i i do not i i i i i do not i i i i i i i i i i don not i i i i i i i i i i i i don not i i i i i i i i i i i i don not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it it is this is this is this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , it , it is this , it is this , it is this , this , it is this , this , it is this , this , it is this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
i i i i i i i i i never i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and yet , yet , when when i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it it it it it it tasted sweet sweet and sweet and pure as if you would take a bite from the ocean .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
she she she she is the the last of the defense before something enters the body .
she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , , she , she , she , she ,
and and and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a farm that will measure its success at the success of its bandits .
and and and then i i i i i i i i i i , when when he said , " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " , a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
it is it is a it is a a a it is a a a a a river that leads all the things that which rivers these days , rivers , rivers , are now inclined to lead them with , chemical , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and when when when when when when it fought through the the the system , and this leaving , the water is cleaner than how it came in .
the the the system is the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
because when when when the water the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the water the the the the the the the the the the the water is in the atlantic .
a a a a a drop in in the the ocean , i i i i know , but i i i take it , and that is what you should you should do , because this love love love story , as romantic , is also ...
you you you you you you you you you you you you could say that it is a a recipe for the future of good food , whether we speak of the sea bass or the sea bass .
what what what we now need now is a a radical new concept of agriculture , of one , in which food food actually tastes good .
but but for many a many a many many people , this is a bit too radical .
we we we are not we are not we we are not we are not we are not we , we are we , we are lovers .
we we we we we we we we we we we we love , we we we love , we we love , we love , we we love , we love , we love , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we eat organic .
and if if if if if if you say that these are the the things that the the future of good food , is if you say , " hey , you guys , i love , that are the the things that the future of good good food and the future , is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is someone is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is
how how how how will they will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don don don not i don i don i don i don i don i i don i don i don i don i don don i don i don don don don don don don 't like i don not i don 't like that i don 't like that i don 't like that i
no no , not , not , not , not , not , because we are already producing enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a a a a a a a a a a a a billion people will be hungry today .
a a a a a a a a a a billion a that that that is is is more than ever since , due to the , uh , a ... a billion , a billion , a billion , a billion , that is that that is more than that is more than that is more than ever since the ... because of the ... because of the " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... "
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i i don i i i i don i i i don i i i i don i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i don i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i
feed feed grain to grain grain grain grain of grain to grain of wheat , and , all the time , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it was was the the the the the the the the the business plan of american agriculture .
we should we should we should we should we should call you what what what she is is , a a a a trade in a trade , a a trade that eats quickly the capital , which is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is ,
this this this is not is not not a trade , and it is not not agriculture .
today , our our our our our our our our our our the our the is is is is today is is is threatened today , not , not because of the , uh , supply supply supply , but due to ...
not not not not not not through the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you you you you want to to feed the world ?
let let let let let we begin with the question , how will we feed ourselves ?
or better , better or better better , how can we , how can we , better , how can we create conditions that every community , to feed themselves ?
to to to to do that , do do do not do , do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do , do do do not not not look at the the the " the " the future "
it it it it it is really really old , and it is done .
capital capital , chemistry , and chemistry , and machines are are are in it , and it has never produced anything really good to eat .
instead , let let let let let , instead , we shall look at the the the the the most beautiful model .
that this is is that that that that that is that that that , for two , for two billion years , is that , that is , that , that is , that , that , that is , that , that , that , that is , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that
look look look look look at miguel miguel , farmers like miguel ,
companies that which are not not not worlds , who are not to , who are , who are , who , instead of , are , who , who are not , are not to be , but for experts ,
because they they they they they they they are they who are , who are also experts for taste .
and and if if if if i am truly honest , you are , you are a better cook than i will ever be .
you you you you you you know , that i i am i that i am i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
thank you .
so , what we see here , is a a typical , typical , typical , old , ordinary , old order .
the the the program i use here is a little experiment .
it it it it it it it it it is it it is that , what i can do with what i can do with what i can do is that , after a certain cause of death , we say accidents .
and right now , i i see i see a different pattern that makes itself .
and it is , because in the in the the the the people in here are the people in the the the the the the the people of the people who are the most , and they are over here at the most .
we we we can we we can we can we can go one step further , and we can then we can then we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
if if if we now , if we now , if we now , if we now , if we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and and who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who who can see , that this is is especially true to men .
so you so you you you you you you see that the the look of information and data that in that way , you you can see that it is that that that that the look of the knowledge and the knowledge and the knowledge that in this very , in this way , is a very , that it is a very , very , very , very , that it that it is that it is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and and if if if if if we can do this , for if we can do this , for , what , why can 't we also do it for content ourselves ?
what what we now what we now have here now , are the the the most of all the " sports sports " that have ever been printed .
it 's everything it 's everything it 's all here , it 's everything online .
you you you you you you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you , you can , you can , you can , you can , you , you , you , you , can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can
with you with the with you , you can , you can , you can , you can , in a decade .
you you can you you can you you can dive in in in in a special year .
you you can you can you can jump straight to a specific issue .
now , when when i look here now , i i see i i see the athletes who appear in this issue and the sports .
i i i i am a i i i am a a a i i am a a a a a a a lance , a lance , a lance , a lance , a , a , a , a lance , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
now now , now , if if if if if i just i i just want to i i i i just want to get a more , more , more , more , more , more , i could think , " okay , what if i look at all i look at all about riding the subject ? "
so so so so i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
now now now i see now i see , i i see greg , greg , i see greg , greg lemond .
and so so so , you you you get you you you you get you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you do you you you do do you do do something that is actually a a little different .
it it it is something something is something in between and we think it changes the way the way the information can be used .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i i i want to now i want to take this idea a a little further with , like , what is a little bit crazy .
what what what what we have done here is what we have done here is , we have taken every one and reduced it to a little summary .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i just i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but even in even in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in the , in this , in this , in this , , , , , , , , , it we can do a lot of things .
at this very moment , we are now we are we are now we are to have the an impression of the issues on the wikipedia page .
i now i will now i will now i will now choose the subject of government .
well , now , after i , after i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
this this this this is is really important , because this is is a knowledge that is not is not in a single one .
it it it is only to only to only to see when you step back one step and look at the whole thing .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
now , when i now , when i now i see i i i i see that the the majority of the government are the , and some come from the science , some , some , some , and some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , less , come from the , come from the , from the , from the , from the , from the , from the economy , here , is my boss , and here
and interestingly , and , and , interestingly , , , bono bono bono is also a , a ted , a , uh , the winner .
so so we can now we can now we can now we can now we can jump and take a look at all the ted , the winner .
you you you you you you see , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , for the first time , as if it is a really a net , not only from side to side to side to side to side to side to side to side to side to side to side .
and so so so i i i i i i i i i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i i i i i i i i i i i i just show you here i just show you the the new york times website .
it it is , it is , it is , it is , it is not really , but you can look at web sites with it , and we we can bring this to every single website like this .
so i i i can so i i can i can go back one step and jump right to a specific section .
that that that that that that is is so important , because it is only because you can only by looking through the look of web sites in that way , and you can look at all the same , the same way .
so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
here is here is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and , when when when when i walk out one step and i look at everything , i i i can i i i i can i i i i may , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and from here , from here , i can i can i can go in to the side and call you again .
it it is it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
at the moment , in in in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we we we we we are we we we are we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are talking about the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the curse of the the the the the the the the
we we we we we we we we are talking about the drowning in information .
if if if if if if we can do we can do this , then this so far , this , this , this new source , perhaps a new source of better information .
and , and , instead , instead of just moving into information , we can get to know that .
and if when when when we know we know , we might even be able to draw some wisdom from it .
i i will stop with that , thank you .
i i i i i i i i i grew up with a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in my in my high school in my high school , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and and my my my my my my my my my my nose , my my my nose , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , and my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , and my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
i i was i was i was i was i was i was i was totally , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i , i , i was , i was , i was , i , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was
it it it it was always that it was always was always about to try to understand the the the the world and the the the limits of the possible .
and and my my my my my my my love to , my love to , and my my love to , my love to , my love to science , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
jacques , jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques , has come to come to our living room with his fascinating , fascinating shows that the animals and places and places and a a world of wonders that we could never have imagined .
i guess that that that that , that that that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that ... that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that
and and i i was i was an artist .
i could i i i could draw , i could paint .
and since there , since there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there
when when when when when we as children , when we , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
my my my my reaction to it was the the drawing and painting of alien , alien worlds , robots , robots , spaceships and all that .
in in in the in in in in in in the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
the the the creativity , the creativity , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
surely surely surely surely surely i would i i would i would i i would i would i would never , i would never , i would never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but here there there was there was there was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a world i could actually i could actually enter here on the earth , here on earth , and it was as fascinating and as exotic as all i had ever imagined when i read those books .
so so so i decided , when when when i was 15 , i decided to become a diver .
the only problem the only problem was that i lived in a a a little village in canada , a a a a thousand miles from the next ocean .
but i i i did not let i not let i not let to be discouraged .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
ever since since , in the 40 40 years that have passed , i i have spent , i have spent , for , like , 3 , 000 hours under water , 500 , 500 , 500 hours of it ,
and i i i i have learned that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the world of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the imagination of nature , the imagination of nature knows no limits , unlike our own , the imagination of the human .
until until this day , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and my my my my love to the the the my love to the the the the and my love to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when when when when i then when i , when i , as an adult , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
that this seemed the the the the the best the the the the best way to it seemed the the the the the best way to to to tell my inner desire to tell stories with my need to create images , to unite .
when i as a as a i as a as a child , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so so , movies were the movies were the the the the movies were the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
of course , of of of , the the the the the stories i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so so , basically , my both my two passions ...
something interesting something interesting something interesting was happened at the " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " , a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
what what what came out of it was was the the the the the the the first the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
according according to arthur , arthur , the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the law of arthur clarke , the the the the the the the law of arthur clarke , is , as you know , is that , is that , that the technology and magic is no longer to be no different from each other .
so you so you you saw you saw something magical .
and and i i i i i i i i thought it was so very exciting .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so so so we we we went to " terminator " , my next movie , a much more .
together with together with together with we , we , we , together , we , we , together , we , together , we , together , we , together , we , we , together , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , together , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , together , together , together , together , together , together , together , together , together , together ,
and and it it worked , and once again we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we have already made a little more money with the film .
from the of of the two of these two experiences , a a a new world of the two of the two of the experience , a a a a new world of the the the a the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the creativity of the
so so , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the this company 's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , for a , for a while , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
but in the middle of the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the
but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
secretly , but secretly but secretly , i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i was
that 's why that 's why that 's why i i made the film .
the studio didn 't know .
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we will we will we will we will we will show it in the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the film 's the .
it is it is a a very good angle for marketing .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it sounds crazy , but it goes back to it that your imagination can create a reality .
we we we we , in we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , we , in , in , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , in , in , in , in , in ,
that that it was not was not was not a movie , not a movie , it was real .
well , well , that it really really really , really , really , really , really knocked me out .
and the and the the the the the the preparations for that were were were , we had to build cameras and lights , and we had to build anything .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
well , well , well , they they were , they were , they were , they were also , they were , they were , they were , they were also , they were , they were also , they were , uh , they were , they were , uh , uh , they were , uh , uh , uh , uh , they were , uh , uh , uh , they were , they were , they were , uh , they were , uh , they were , they were , they were ,
you you you you you you get you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you get into this dark , hostile environment , where there is no hope for salvation , if you don 't go back .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i thought , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a ...
that that that this is is really cool . "
i i i was i i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was i i was , i was , i was , i , i was , i , i , i was , i , i was , i , i , i was , i , i , i was , i was , i , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i
it was all , it was adventure , it was adventure , it was curiosity .
and and it it it it was it was it was it was an experience that i could not give to hollywood .
because , , , you know , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i could i i i i i i could i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so that that that that it really knocked me over and i wanted more .
and so so so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
after the success of " titanic " , i i said , " okay , i i i i i i i i i i i want to put my as a filmmaker in hollywood , and i will be frozen for a while . "
and and and then we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we returned to the the the wreckage of the titanic .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we took little little robots we had built , that we had built , a a little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little ...
our our our purpose was to to to , to to to , to to to to , to to to to to to to to look at the inside of the ship that had never been done before .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no one had ever had ever had ever had ever had ever had ever had ever had ever had ever had to explore the inside of the wreckage , and you had no means , so we developed the technology we needed .
now , and there i now i , on the on the the the on the the the the the the on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and i and i i fly i fly with a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it it it it it it it it it it it it felt as if i was , physically , i was present in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the titanic .
because the set set set set set set was was an exact copy of the ship 's plans .
so , so that this was was was a very , very strange experience .
she she she she she made i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was really , it was ...
and and perhaps perhaps a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a small view of what may may might happen in a couple of a few decades , if you have a time to explore , to do or to do or to do or to do things , or to do things , or to do things , in all the things , in all the , in all the , in all the
after this , after this , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
you you live with you , you live with the help of you , by the help of you .
they they they do not not do do do do do not not exist in a in a in the in the the the sunlight of the , the , the as we do .
and so so so , you see animals , ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
at the same time at the same time , i i was also i i i i i was also very i i i was also very interested in , i was also very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very interested in the , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
that that that was was fascinating .
but in the end , in the end , it was , in the end , it was it that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
so so so the the the the the the the circle between my existence , as a child , the the the the the the the the circle between the and the the the ... the the the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the
i i i have learned a a a a lot of things over the course of this .
i i i i i i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have learned a i have learned a a a a a a a a a lot of about science , but now i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
because at at at a certain point , i had to say to myself , " what am i doing here ?
why why why why why why do i do what ?
these stupid , stupid , stupid , stupid movies , they don 't bring us no money .
we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we are we we are we we are we are we are we are we we are we are we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are
everyone all they all they think they think i i i ran away between " titanic " and " avatar " and " the " avatar " and " the " the " avatar " and " the " the " and " the " the " the " and " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
no no no no glory , no no no honor , no no no money , what are you doing ?
because we we we we we we we we we we have made all this with only 10 to 12 people who have worked together for years and for years , and sometimes we were two to three months in a row .
and in in in this community , in in in this community , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
there there there is a a connection , a mutual respect .
so when so when when i came back , when i came back to to to to turn my next movie " avatar " , i i i tried to use the the same the same as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it made the that it really changed the dynamic .
so , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it 's the most exciting thing .
a tremendous challenge .
and and and we we we , for for a period of four and a half years we became a real family .
so that it changed my my way of making movies , completely .
there there there there were there there were people who said that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
for me , for me , it was was more a more more a more a more , more a more , more a more , more a more , more a more , more a more , more a more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more to do to do my job , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so what what what can we can so what can we can what can we do from all this ?
what what lessons have we learned ?
i i i i i i think i think , in the first place , i think the curiosity is .
it it it is is is the the most powerful the most powerful human trait .
our our imagination is a power that can even create a reality .
and and the the the respect of your your team is more important than the of the the world 's most respected .
i come to me , young young , young , young , young , young , who say , " give me some advice on how i can do this . "
and i i i i i i i say , " don 't " don 't put yourself in the closet .
" don do not do not do it to yourself , do do not , do do not , do not you , but take risks to yourself . "
" failure is no alternative . "
but but in the art of art , and in the art of , and in to study , failure must be an alternative , for there it will guarantee a will .
no no no no no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
you you must you must be ready to be willing to take such risks .
that this is is is the the the the the the thought that i i would like to give to you on the way , failure is an alternative but fear is not .
today , today i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and that that may , that may , that may may a a a a a a a , that may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may or may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may ,
but but but but energy and climate and climate are extremely important to these people , in fact , more important than for everyone else on the planet .
it it we , we we , too much or too much , the things that will , the things that will , the things that will , the things that will , the , the things that will , the things that will , as it can not , their fragile environment .
it leads to that , it leads to to , it leads to uncertainty , it leads to unrest .
so , so , , a a a a , a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , it will be a ... it will be terrible for you .
and also also also also also , the the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh ...
the fact the fact is , that if , if you could only , from one thing , you could reduce the price of the price to the power of the power to the power of power would be at far the most .
well , the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in fact , in fact , it is the the is of the the the is of the is based on the , uh , the , uh ...
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the the , the the the , the the , the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so we we we we we we we we are in a in a a a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but , but , if if , if we , if we , if we , if we , if we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
the co2 co2 co2 the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
well , well , the the the the the the the the the the exact the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and there there i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
is not is not is not half half or a quarter ?
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that is why that is why it is it is a a great challenge .
it it it it it it it it it is very different from to say that we we have a 3 / 3 / 4 high a truck that has to come under under a 3 m bridge , and you can squeeze it from under it .
this this this this must be all the way down to zero .
well , well , we we we we , every year , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , every year , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
every american , every american , about 20 tons of , ... people from poor countries , less than one .
on average average , it 's about 5 , 5 tons for each on the planet .
and somehow somehow somehow , we we must somehow we must create some changes that will reduce to zero .
it has it has it has been up and up and up .
only only only different different different economic changes have have affected it in at all , and we must go from the rise to the , and to to a a level of economic change , and to zero .
so so so let let let let let let let let let us look at every factor in one and we shall think of how to get this to zero .
probably probably probably one of those numbers one of those numbers must come very close to zero .
well , that this is basic basic basic basic math , but let 's go through it .
at first , we have the people .
today , today , today , today , the world of the world ,
and and it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it , it it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
if if if if we we we are very successful , with a very successful , successful with a new , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the second factor the second factor is the services we use .
that that that it all , the food that we eat , food , clothes , tv , heat .
these are these are are are very good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good things , good things , and it is that it is that to make these services most to make most to most to most to most of to most to to to to to to to to to to to make most to anyone on
it it it it it it 's great that this number is going up .
here we here we we see a a a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and and and those those students , they do not , so they go out and read and read and read their " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
well , well , , with the efficiency , the the e , the energy per service , there is finally good news .
we we we we we have we have something that doesn 't not rise ,
due due to several of the various success of in in the of of the various success in the of the various success of in the of of the , by other , by , by new methods , there are many services , which some of which , some of which , some of which , some of which , some of which , some , some of which , some , some , some , some of which , some , some of which , some , some , some , some , some , some of the
in in other service , as , in , , as , as , in the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , uh ...
in total , if , if we are , if we are optimistic , maybe we can get a reduction to a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but but with the the first three the first three , we now have now , from 26 billion to maybe , 13 billion , and that is just not enough !
so let we shall see we shall see the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the fourth factor of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it is the the the question is , is whether you can get it to zero .
if if they burn money , they burn money .
if if they burn , if they burn , burn natural gas , no .
almost almost almost each of the most of each of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power is now the co2 , except for the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the
so so , what what what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .
we we we we we need to we need to get to the ...
now , if i now , if i now use the word " miracle " , i do not mean the impossible .
the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is a
the the the the the the the the internet and its service is a miracle .
the the people here , the people here , have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
normally , there is there is there is no there is no a no a no a no a no a no a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
normally , you usually you just , you just , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
in this case , in this case , we , however , must but , in this case , we must give the full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , well , i i i i i i i i i wondered , how can i really bring this over ?
is is is is is is is is is is is is is is there a a natural a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the the idea that the the idea was that it was that it was that it was that the the idea that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that they that they that they , you know that there are people who live with mosquitoes .
for energy energy , i thought i could think of this .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so here there are some , some of the natural , natural fireflies .
i have i i i have been assured that they will not , in fact they will not even leave the glass .
well , well , there there are all there are all there are all there are all there are all sorts of things like this , but they all don 't bring much .
we we we we we we we we we we need to we we we we need to , we , or , we , or , we , we , or , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i i i i have left out the the the tide , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
let let let first let let let let we shall first look at the the first shall we shall first to see the the burning , the burning , the burning , the burning , the burning , the burning of either coal or natural gas .
who who who who who who who who who will to make sure ?
who who who who who who who who can can can can can can can can guarantee something that , literally , a many a billion times bigger than any kind of garbage that you can imagine of , and other things ?
that that that is a a lot of volume .
so this is so that this is is is a a tough one .
the next next , the next , the next , the next ...
and then what what what what what what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though , though he is not not he is not not he is not very tall , there are a lot of concerns .
so so , three three very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
the the last three of the the last three of the five , i have in a way .
it they are are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and they also they also have they have , although it is great that they do not need no fuel , they have a few drawbacks .
for one is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
these are are , they are , they are , they are , they speak of many , many , many a thousand times more space than a normal power plant .
and in addition , these sources , these sources of interruptions ,
the the the the the the the the the the sun does not not seem the the the sun is not the the sun the the sun is the the the the sun the sun is the the the the sun is the the sun
that is why that is why you must , if you are dependent on these sources , you have a way to have the energy in times when it is not available to get .
so there are there there are there are there are there are there are there are there are great great great big , there are , there are , there are there are challenges in the broadcast , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for example , that , that , that the power of the outside the outside of the outside of the land , is not only you , you do not only you do not only you do not only you do not only do not only you ,
and and there there there is the the , the , the , the , the ...
so we we we we we we we we we we need a a big break here , something that will be a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
that it is not is not not impossible , but it is not not so easy .
this is what happens when you try to try to bring these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
if if if you you you you you want to you you you want to lean on it at 100 % , you need to have an incredible power of energy .
well , now , where where shall we go , what is the right approach ?
a " a " a " manhattan manhattan project " ?
what we need what we need are a lot of companies that work on it .
in each of these five five , we need at least 100 people .
with many many , they will say , they are crazy , that is good .
i i i i i i i think , here in the the ted group , there are many who are already engaged there .
bill bill big bill , bill bill big , has several companies , among other , one of which , in the other , has a name of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan nathan , and i i , and i , i , i , nathan , and i , i , nathan , i , nathan , and i , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
there are there are some there are some of there are some of the in in the , in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
the development of the development has stopped in this industry a while back , so it 's not a big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
the the the the the the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
that that this is is a a pretty crazy , crazy , crazy idea .
and because because because you you burn this 99 % , it is a much better way to burn .
in fact , in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the garbage of today 's reactors as a the .
instead instead instead instead of breaking your head about it , you just burn it , a great thing .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you you see that it is it is it is a sort of a column , often referred to as " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
that that really really really really really really really really really really is that that that really is , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really .
here here is a picture of a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is this is the the the garbage , the 99 % , you took the the the part that is burned today , so it is called the , the , uh , the ...
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and when when you , when you , when you , when you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
you you you you know , there are there are many many many challenges , but it is an example of many hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of thousands of of of of , we need to come forward .
let let let let let let we think of how to measure our success .
how how how how how would our our witness witness report look ?
well , well , let let we go to the to to to to the the goal that we have to reach , and then we will talk about the " the " the " the " the " the " .
many a many a many many many speak speak of of an 80 % of a to a to a to , from , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
it it it it it it it is really very important that we can get there .
the the the the the the remaining 20 % of the 20 % of the will will be created in the poor countries , and still a little agriculture , i hope that , until then , , , , , , , , , , , , , the will be clean .
so , so , to to reach to to to to reach this 80 % , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the other note says , the the the , the the , the the , the the the the , the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this is super important .
this will this will be a this will be a a this this will be a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a
if if when we go back from back from there , how what would the the the the the the the the the the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
it should it should it should it should contain the two elements .
we should we should we should we should use the we should use the the the we should use the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the less the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the less the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we must we we must we must follow this , we we can measure this , in the , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , and in , and out .
there are many great many great books there are many great books to this subject .
the the the the the al the al gore the the " we have the choice " and david david " , " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ...
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
there are some things that have to come together .
that is a wish .
a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
this this this one has has the the greatest impact .
so what what what do we have to do ?
for what what measures do i appeal to ?
we we must we must we must we must use to use for more of our own .
when when when when when countries when countries meet in places like the , in places , , they should not only talk about co2 .
you you you you you should you you should you should you you should you should you should you should discuss these , you you would be shocked by the ridiculous , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low ,
we we we we we need to we we need to we we we need to we we need to we we need to , we need to , we need , we need , we need , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we must we must we must spread the message .
we we we must we we must we must we we must we we must we we must we we must we we must we we must to do dialogue , and we must also to do the things done by the government .
it it it is it is is a it is a most important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just just to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to understand a a a a a a a a a a a a better , long time , can you give us an idea of the magnitude of this investment ?
the the the the the the difficult , the the difficult , the the the difficult , the the the difficult , the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
as soon as the the the the the the the the the first one is finished , when when he walks as as promised , everything is clear , for the the the the the the the , the the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to understand , to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
today , today , you you must always , you must always , you , so there are lots of people and a a a lot of people , and a a lot of the controls that can go go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff it , and it , and it , it 's not good .
but if you , but if you have a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and it it sits there and it sits there , and it burns for 60 years , and then it 's done .
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
well , what what happens to the garbage , you you can you you you you can you you you you you can you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
and we and we we will begin by , by taking the the garbage that already exists , which is which is in the in in these , or , in the the , or , in the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so so so so , what what what what what is a problem for these reactors is , what we fill in in in our , and with it , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the
but while while while while while you have spoken to with various people of this world , you have talked about these possibilities ,
where where where is the is the the the greatest of interest in what is is the the greatest of interest in doing this really ?
you know , the the french and the japanese , the the the french and the japanese , they have made something that way .
this this this this is is a a a version of a one that was made .
that this is is a an important step forward , but it is it is like a fast reactor , and some countries have built this , which is is why everyone who has run a fast reactor is a the first to our first .
in in your mind , in your idea , the time frame , and the chance to really call something like that in life ?
now , we now we we we we need to need one of one of these , the most , the things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent , and then 20 years to use .
this is is is is it is , it is , it is , it is , is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is
and , and , , , you , , you , , you , , , you , , , you , , , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and , and , fortunately , today , there are now dozens of companies , and we need hundreds of , who , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , fortunately ,
and and it it it would it would be best if if there were several , because then you could use a mixture .
in any case , we need a solution .
as for , as for the of the the great possible possible , the is this is the the greatest you know ?
a , a a a a the most important is the most important .
that it would that it would it would it it would it it would it would have been without the the , but it makes it so much more important .
in the nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear sector , there are other innovative companies .
you you you you know , we we we we we we we we we we do not not know their work not as well as this , but there is the most efficient method , which is a different approach .
there is there is there is a a a a a a liquid liquid liquid , which seems a bit difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if if this doesn 't work , what then ?
do do we must must must must we must we must to initiate the to to try to keep the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
when when when when you come into this situation , it is as if you have had too much to eat , and just before a heart attack , what do you do ?
there there there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it 's just a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
you you you hope you hope that we do not need this .
some some people say people people say that you shouldn 't not you should not work on the insurance , because maybe it makes you lazy so that you keep eating , because you know you know that you will save one of the ,
do do do do do do do do do you have a or two sentences for them to maybe to convince them ?
well , , unfortunately , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the those who who make scientific scientific arguments are very few .
tell say do you say do do do you say that there are negative negative effects that have to do with the clouds that change things ?
there there are very , very , very very very , very few very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the the the main problem here is as similar to aids .
you make you make the you make the mistake now , and you you pay a lot a lot later .
the the the fact is , the fact is , that this uncertainty should worry us .
well , well , well , , the actual , the actual , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
among those beneath , other things shouldn 't not suffer other things .
you you you you you you you you you you you come , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you come you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
unless unless , unless you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
if if if if the the the the the swab you get is a very high , very high , the only the rich can keep up .
i i i i i mean , i i mean , any of us here could spend five times as much for our energy without changing their lifestyle .
for for the the lower two two billion , but it is a disaster .
and even , even even the , even the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
his new his new new , new , new , new he is now , " why is the research is no longer discussed ? "
he he he he he he still will still , because because of his former stories , with the , the he , he , but he understood that this is a a very lonely , very lonely group , and so now he is bringing in the " the " the " the "
and and this is this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a i think is appropriate .
the the research research , it it it is simply crazy , how little that is not supported .
bill bill bill bill , i i i think i i i i think i i i i i think i i i i i i i think i i i i i i i i i i think i speak i speak i speak for most i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
thank you .
a few a few years ago , here with ted , here with ted , peter , peter , peter , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
the the the the idea is it is it is , the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the marshmallow marshmallow must be on top .
and , and , , though , though it seems it really seems simple , it is it is it is really hard , because it is people who are very eager to work very quickly .
and so so so so i i i i i i i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a ... a ... a ... a ...
it it was it was was a a huge success .
usually , most people usually , most people , usually , they , most people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
you you you you you you you you talk you you talk about you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you talk you you you you you you you you you you you you you talk you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
then then they they invest a little time in planning and the organization , and they put out spaghetti and spaghetti .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
and finally finally , just before , just before you have no more time , someone will take the marshmallow , and they will gently put it to the top , step back , step back , and " ta-da ! "
what but what but then , almost always , almost always , that the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh , " because the weight of the the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
there there is a a series of a series of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " than others , and among the the worst , are are fresh , fresh air .
you you you you you you you you lie , you you you you you you , you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you lie , you , you , you
and , of course , , of course , there are also teams who have many more " ta-da " , and among the best , there are , there are also teams who have , as well , there are many teams who have many more "
and and that that that that that that that that is is pretty amazing .
as , as peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter told us , they not only are not only the the the most powerful towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what what what what what what what you you you might ask you is , what is is it , what is it ?
and and peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter peter , he says , " none of the children will spend time being the head of the spaghetti . "
you you you you don 't you you don 't spend no time in , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
but there is but there is another reason .
and that , that , that , that , that , that , that , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and then and then to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to , to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
what what what then what what happens when when you put the marshmallow on the top , you have no time and what happens ?
it it is a crisis is a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what what what what what what what what what do is that what you do is , what you do is , what you do is , what you do is , you , you , you , you , you , you , the you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and with and with every every try , the children will be given feedback , which works , and what doesn 't .
so so so so is the is the the the is the the power to work with prototypes , far , but let let 's see how different teams act .
the the average average average for most is is is at , like , the average , the average , the average , the the average , the the average , the average , the most , is is is the , the , you know , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
who who is the most successful ?
architects , architects , and engineers , good luck .
i am the most i have ever seen .
because because because because you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
but this is where it gets interesting .
if you put an executive executive executive executive executive executive administrator on the team , you you will become better .
it it it it is incredible , you you you look around and you see , and you see , " this team will win . "
you you can you you can you can you can you you can you you can predict it , why is that ?
because because because you have special special skills of the , uh , the , uh ...
you you you lead the the process , you you understand it .
and and and that this team , that this team , that that that will , that will , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and that this , and this , this , this , this , this , this team , that team , that team , that team , that team , that team , that team , that team , that team , that team ,
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
if if if you you have 10 , you you you have 10 , 10 , 10 , you have , like , 10 , 10 , you have , like , 10 , 10 , 10 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 , 1 0 ,
i now i have now i have now tried to try to do something exciting .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i thought i
so so so so i i offered offered a $ 10,000 a $ 10,000 a $ 10,000 price to the a $ 10,000 to software for the winners .
what what what do do do you what do do do you think you do what do you you think happened to those , the , what , what , what , what , what do you do you do you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
what what what was the result ?
not a team team had a stable structure .
if if if if if anyone had had had built a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so isn is it not is not is it not interesting , that the high , the high , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we we we we we repeated this exercise with the same training with the same students .
what what what do do do you what do do do you think you do now ?
now now , you now , you have now understood the the the the the the advantage of " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " . "
so so so so , became from the the the the the same , the the same bad team of one among the best .
they they made the the most the the the most the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the most the construction in the time .
there there is so there is so there is so that there is so that there is so that there is so that there is , in the , of the nature of power and success .
you you you you may ask , why would a why would a why would someone would actually invest time to create a ...
the the the reason is , i i i i i i i i i i help create digital tools and cases to help teams , to make cars , video video games , video games , and , uh , " ... " ... " ... "
and what what what the what the what the what the what the what the the what the the what the the what the the what the the the is the is the is that it is , it helps you to identify hidden assumptions .
because , frankly , , every project has its own marshmallow .
the the challenge is a a a a a a a a a joint experience , a common language , a the the right prototype .
and and this this this is is the value of this experience , this so simple exercise .
and and those of those of those of you who are interested in , can and can see , can to see .
it it it it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
there is there is there is there is a there is a there is a there , a there , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is a , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is a , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is a
they they they find , they find crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , like people , like people , like people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
there are also there are also , there are also , there are , there are ...
and and the the the the the the the the the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it it it it demands that we all , that we , we all , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and sometimes sometimes sometimes , sometimes a a a little a little a little a little prototype of this experience , is is is everything that it takes to get us from a " uh-oh " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and that can that can make a big difference .
thank you .
do we pretend like we have a machine here
a a a big big big a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
and and everyone in this room must go in .
and and you you can you you you can go you you can go to the future , and you cannot stay in here and now ,
and i i i wonder what i i i wonder what what you would you would choose , because i i have often i have often asked my my my friends this question , and they all wanted to go to the past .
they wanted to return to the time before there were cars , or twitter , or " america is looking for the superstar . "
i i i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don don 't i don don 't know .
i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i understand that .
i i i am not i am not i am not part of this group , i must say .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do not i i i do not i i i i do not i i i i i i i i i i do not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it is it is it is that there are possibilities that there are possibilities on this planet that do not return , they go forward .
so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to go into this machine and i want to go to the future .
this this is this is is the the the the the the greatest the the the the greatest the the the the the the greatest the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
there was never there was never a time like this before .
my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , they all died when they were 60 .
my my my my my my grandparents , my my grandparents , they , they , they , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
my my my my my my my my parents my parents are the the 80 . they are the 80 .
so there better there should better be a a a nine at the start of my favorite .
but but it 's not it it it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
a a a a a a a a a a a a child who is born today , born today , is a child born of a child , born today , born today in the world of the , who can be expected to live as long as the the the the the the the the richest richest richest man in the world 100 years .
this is an incredible fact .
and why why is why is that so ?
the the smallpox , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they they they they they they have , they have , they have , they have , they have , they have , they , they , they , they , they , they , they have , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
they they they have gone , they have disappeared .
we we we we we we we we we we we have defeated them , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
in the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the rich the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the rich the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i , i , i ...
does does does does anyone even know what that is ?
vaccines , modern modern , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , are the success of the scientific method .
and from from out of my view is the scientific method of trying , to to see if it works , change it , if it doesn 't , one of the the greatest of the greatest achievement of mankind .
so this is this is the good news .
unfortunately , unfortunately , this is is is it is the all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they have been often mentioned ,
and and one of which is one of which is , despite all of our accomplishments , a a billion people in this world every day go hungry to bed .
this this number is that the number goes up , and it goes up very fast , and that is embarrassing .
and not , not not not only , not only not only that , we we have used to use our imagination to destroy this world thoroughly .
drinking water , the land of the , the land , the , the water , the water , the , the , the , the , the , the water , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so the the question is , can can we do that ?
i i i i think it it it it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the land where they live to rape .
i i i i i i i think we we can we can we can provide the world with energy that doesn 't destroy it at the same time .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i really believe i really believe i really believe that i really believe that i really believe that i really , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i i , i
but but this this this this this this this this this is this that keeps me awake at night at night , and we have never needed scientific progress as much as it now , never ,
and and we we we we we we we we we we we have we we have never been able to , and we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the people , the people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
not even not even the truth , the truth will not free you .
and listen , listen , everyone , everyone has a right to his opinion , even a right to his opinion of progress ,
but but do you do do you you you do you you know what you have no right to ?
you you you you you you have no have no right to your your own facts . sorry , you don 't .
and and and i i i i took it took a a a while to figure that out .
about about about a , about a decade ago , i wrote an article about inoculations for " the the new new york , " a little article .
and i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i was i was i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and soon soon , i soon soon soon i wrote an article about a change of food .
the same the same thing , only bigger .
people , people , people , they played crazy .
so so so i i i i also i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i also i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but , you you you know , i do what i do , i write the article , i kept going .
i i i mean , i i i , i i , i i am a journalist ,
we type , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
but but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and that that is because that is because those who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they were they they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they , they were , they were , they , they , they , they , they were , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they were , they , they , they were , they were , they were , they were , they , they were , they were , they
they they they they were just like the people in this room .
and and that that it made me so confused ...
but then i then i i i i i i i thought , you know what , let 's be honest .
we we we we we have reached at a point where we do not not have the same relationship to progress as before .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
we we we we we we we we we we we we are , we we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are
okay okay , okay , okay , there are reasons for that there are reasons , and i think we know what the reasons are .
we we we we we have we have we have have the faith in the in institutions , in authority , and sometimes lost in science , and there is no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can you can you can you can you can you can just you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i mean , , , you know , you you you can you you can choose your own list .
there are there are there are there are questions and questions and problems with the people we thought they were always right , so be .
ask ask ask ask questions , ask ask questions , ask for proof , ask for evidence .
take take nothing but take nothing but there .
but now here it comes , when if you have to get proof , you must take this evidence , and we are not good at it .
and i i i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i can i i i i can say this for the reason that we now live in an epidemic of fear , as i have i have never seen and i hope will never see again .
about , about 12 , about 12 , 12 , a a story was published , a a a terrible , terrible story , which , with the the measles , the the the the the the the the the the the mumps , the the the the the mumps , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
very scary .
tons of studies have been conducted through a lot of studies to see if that was true .
many of the many of the many of the studies should be conducted , this is a serious matter .
the data came in .
the the the the the the the the the dates came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they they were all the the same , they were all the same , no , no , no , no connection , no connection , no no no no no connection .
it makes no difference , it makes no difference , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see what we see what we see to see , what makes us feel real .
we we we we we do not we do not not , we do not , we do not , we , we , we all , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
but you you you you you know what ?
the result of that was the result was catastrophic ,
because because of this fact , the the the the us is is one of the only countries in the world where the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
this is this is this is is this is is is a scandal and we should be ashamed .
it it it it it it is terrible .
what what what what what what what happened what happened that we could do .
well , well , i i i i understand that i i do .
because is is is is is there someone who has the measles ?
has has a one in the audience ever seen a the only one in the audience ever seen anyone die of the measles ?
doesn 't not happen not often .
do do do not do do do do do not do in this this land , in this land , not in this country , but , in the last year in the the the world .
these are many , many , many death by the measles , 20 an hour .
but because , because because because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , that , that , that , that is , we , we can , we can , we can , we can , and people like , like , like , like , like , jenny , jenny , can , jenny , jenny , can , can , can , can , and people like jenny , can , can , can , can , can , can walk around
and and you can you you can you you can do that because you don 't not connect the cause , and you don 't connect .
you you you you you you you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don you don don you don don don don don don don don don you don don don don don don don don don 't understand that these things that they seem the the the same things that they seem , but they are almost are almost never are the the the same , but almost never are the same .
and this is this is something that we must learn , and it is very fast .
this guy this guy this guy was a was a a a a hero , jonas , a
he he he he he freed us free us from one of the the the the worst of the mankind .
no fear , no fear , no no no , no no no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no fear , no fear , no fear , no fear , no fear , no fear , no , no , no fear , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no
the the guy in the middle , not so much .
his his his his his name is paul paul paul .
he he he he he just just just he he he just he he 's just with a few other other people , he 's just developed a family name .
he he can he can save the the lives of the the the lives of the , the lives of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
pretty pretty good pretty good , huh ?
well , well , that that that that that is good , aside from that paul is walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are and that people should just stop whining .
and that 's what he he actually says that he is .
so paul paul paul paul paul is a a terrorist .
when when paul when paul when paul is speaking in a public public hearing , he can he can not testify without armed guards .
he he he he he he he he gets calls at home because people like to tell him that they know where his kids go to school .
and why , because because paul paul paul made a vaccine .
i i i i i don i i i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don don i don don i don i don don don don don i don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don
if if you take it away , you take it away , the the the the the disease , the terrible , terrible , and that is what is happening .
we we we have the measles in this country now .
and it it it gets it gets worse , and pretty soon , children will die again , because that is only a question of the numbers .
and and they will not they will not they will not not only will not die of the measles .
what what what what is is with what is with what ?
a a i a a a a a i a a a a a a a i a a a a a a a a a a a i a a a a a a a a a a i a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no one has ever said that before .
she she she wouldn 't wouldn 't she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't , she wouldn 't ,
fine .
because because because we we don 't have no , because we don 't have no , and you know what ?
we we we we we we we had had no no the no , no , no , no .
today , today , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i don i i don i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i don i i i don i i don i don i i i i i don i i don i i don i i i i i i i don i i i i i don i don i i i i don i don i i i i don i i i i
and in in a a few a few hours , he , he , he , he , he , he , in , he , in , he , in , he , he , in , he , he , in , he , he , in , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
and and he he he he does he he does not he does not know , and he he does not , because that is how the world works .
this this is this is the this is the the the the planet where we live , don do not pretend it is not .
we we we we we we we we we we we we love to to to hide in lies .
did did you did did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
a , a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little
i i i i i i i i i i know that you you you did that because half of the americans do that every day .
they they they they they take the stuff , and they they take alternate alternative , and it makes no difference how often we find out that they are useless .
the data the data data is always the same .
they they they they they they they black their their their their urine , they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
that that that 's okay , okay , you you you would like to would like to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
dark .
why why why why are we doing this ?
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i think i understand we we hate the
we we we we we we we we we we we we we hate hate a too strong a government too , we have no faith in the system .
and and and we shouldn 't , we shouldn 't , and our the health care system is bad .
it it it is cruel cruel cruel it is cruel cruel to millions of people .
it it it is it is it is it is it is is absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely , it is , is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is , it is , it is it is , it is
so so we we we walk away from this , and where are we going ?
we we walk we walk into the arms of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the
i love , i love the , i love the ,
but but you you you you you you you you you know , this is really a serious matter , because this stuff is crap , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and and i i have i i have i i have all i have all the possible little props here .
none of which none of of which no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no
when when when i say , when when i say , people yell at me and they say , " what do you care ?
that 's how they feel they feel good
and you you you you know , you know , you are wrong .
because because because i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
if if if you , if you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are are are
he he he he he he killed , he killed 400,000 of his men , for he , for he , for he , for he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
hundreds of thousands of hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of , in a a land that is , worse than any other of that disease .
please , please , please don , please don not tell me that these things have no consequences .
you always do , you always do .
well , now , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this is this is is a stupid , stupid , stupid debate .
it it it it is a debate about words , about metaphors .
this is is is ideology , not science .
all all all all we we eat , all we eat , every , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts , was changed by the people .
you you you you you you you you you you know , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , in paradise .
there was no there were no there were no there were no , no .
there there was no there were no there were no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no , there was no
we we we we did it in the last 11,000 years .
and and and some some of some of some of some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we we we we we we we we got rid of what didn 't work .
and , of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and this stuff can help millions of people , to extend millions of people , to extend their lives .
you don you don you don you don 't you you don 't want to do that ?
i must i must say , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i must say , i i i i do not not understand .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
why why why do why do we do that ?
well , what what what what i i hear all i hear is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones , we don 't want big fields with one thing , that 's wrong .
we we we we we we we don we don not want to not want companies to make companies live .
we we we we we we we do not not want to not want companies to have a seed .
and and and do you you do you you know what my answer to all that is ?
yes , yes , yes , you you you you you are right , let let 's fix this .
it it it it is true , we we have we have a huge , huge , , but that is not science .
this this has has nothing to do with science .
it it is is right , it is right , it is right , it is right , it is right , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is it is
you you you you you you you you you you know that science is not not a company that science is not .
she she is not not no land .
she she is not she is not not even an idea , she is not even an idea , she is a process .
she she she is a a a a a a a a process , and sometimes it , and sometimes it doesn 't , but the the idea that we should not should not allow to allow science to do to do their work , because we fear is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people from the .
you you you you you know , in the next 50 years , we will have to grow 70 % more of more food than at the moment , 70 % .
this this investment in africa in africa in the last 30 years .
shameful , shameful , shameful .
you you you you you you you you need this , and we don 't give it to you .
and why ?
we we we we we we do not not not to to encourage people not to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to encourage people to to to to to eat this , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , you .
it is a something that is a something that eats half a billion people .
it it it 's like it 's like it 's like a potato .
it it it it it it it it 's just a bunch of calories , it 's bad .
it it has no no no , it has no no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building all of these in it .
and and then , and then people , people could eat the food , and they wouldn 't go blind .
you you you wouldn 't you wouldn 't you wouldn 't you you wouldn 't starve to death , and you know what ?
it would it would be nice , it would be nice , it wouldn 't be a , it wouldn 't be a , it would be nice , it would be nice .
and all and all all i can say is , why do we fight this ?
i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
because because because we do not not we do not not not not want to not want to not want to want to have a gene to ?
it is not is not is not is not about , it is not about chemicals .
it it is not is not is not is not is not is not is not is not is is not is not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , for greater food , better food , better , better food , and more unique food .
it is not this is not this is not not this is not about rice , it is about to keep people alive , and it is time to understand what that means .
because you you you you you you you know what ?
if if if if we do not , if if if we continue to do as we do , we will , we will , we will , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there there is no there is no no other description for what is happening here .
it it is it is selfish , it is it is it is it is it is that it is , it is , is it is , it is , is it is , is it is , is it is not , and we must really must stop it .
after this , after this incredibly , this incredibly funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , funny , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
i definitely want to .
right now , right now , she is in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we we we can we can we can we can we can put this time machine to do whatever we want .
we we we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we we can we we we can we we can we we can we we we can we we we we we we can we we we we we can we we we we we can we we can we we can we can we we we we we we we we we can we we we can we can we we we can we can we we can we can we can we we can we can
we we we we we we we we we we we we must have to have these conversations , and we must we must have to think , but when we get into the time machine and go to the future , we will be glad to do that .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i know that we we we can , and as far as i am concerned , this is what the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
a a a a a a a a a a a deception will become something real , because someone is so aware .
so so , so that we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and and i i i i i will i i i will i i i will i will show you how it works , this is a trick that has been for at least ever since the the magic book in every book book book book of children .
i myself i myself i i myself i i i myself i i i myself i i i i i i i i i i i myself i i i i i i i i i i myself i i i i i i i myself i i i i i i myself i i i i i i i i i i i myself i i i i i i i i i myself i i i i i i i myself i i i myself i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i will i i will i will i will i will i i will i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i will i i will i i will i will i i will i will i i will i will i i will i will i will i i will i will i will i i will i will i will i will i will i i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i
and and then i i will i will i will explain why i will explain to him .
so now , see , see what happens .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the knife you can examine , my my hand you can examine .
i i i i i i i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will just keep the knife in my fist .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and to to to to to make sure that nothing in my that nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out of him , i will just ... i will just put my wrist right here .
in this that way , you can you can see that in no time at any time , as long as i walk here , nothing can walk in my sleeve or walk out .
and and the the the goal is the very simple .
i i i will i i will i will i will open my my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my bare physical magnetism .
it it it it is it is it is it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is so , so , so , so , so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
nothing is nothing is nothing is is is is that nothing is in my sleeve or comes out , no , no , no , no , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , well , that this is this is is a a a trick that i often teach little children who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception , when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
i suppose most of you , many of you , many of you here in this room , know this trick .
this is how it works .
i i i hold hold hold hold hold the the knife in my hand .
i i i i i i i i say i i i i i i say i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i say i , i i , i i say i , i , i say , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
the the the reason why why i i i i i i i my my my my wrist , is the the reason that there is the the the real secret of the illusion .
in the the the the the the the the the the moment i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
great trick ?
there there is someone in the back is sitting there , there is someone in the back , who had no childhood .
so , so , he he he is here , right .
and and when when i turn around , the finger when i turn around , the finger changes his position .
but but that is that that is is is is is that is is is that this is is is not really this is , and then i open my hand .
of , of course , it is , it is , it is , it is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
and when when when when when when when i close my my hand , when when i close my hand , when i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i take i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you you can do this trick you can do to show your friends and your neighbors .
well , well , what what what does what what does that have to do with the , uh , the , uh ...
a year a year a year or so , i i read a i i read a a study that really , really , really , really , really knocked me out .
i i i i i am i i i am not i i am not i i am not a doctor or a scientist , and that is why it was an amazing thing for me .
because it it it turns out , when when when you offer to offer to offer a a a white pill , in the shape of a it , in the form of a , it is simply a round , white , white , white , white pill that has a certain effect .
but if if if if if if if you change the the shape in which you will , for example , change into a a smaller pill , and paint this blue blue , and paint this blue , and mark a a letter , it is actually more effective .
and and that , though , though none of these are none of these , any of them , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , like ,
but but a a a a white white white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
what what ?
but it turns out , it turns out , it turns out that it 's not all yet .
when when you take , when you take , take , take , take , take , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , as pills of any form .
a a a a a a colored black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black
even the the the the dosage is also a matter .
a a pill twice a day a pill twice a day is not not as good as three pills - i can not now i can not remember the exact statistics .
the the the the the the the the the the most important but is is ...
... ... that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the shape of the form is a role .
and and if if if you want to have the the the the the the ultimate , the you you have to reach the needle .
a a syringe , a syringe with a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it it creates a a a very strong picture in the head , it is much stronger than a white pill .
this this this this this is is really , i i i will i i will i i will show you to you another time when we have a a projector .
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the blue pill that doesn 't seem as good as a a a capsule that doesn 't seem as good as the needle .
and and none of none of none of none of that has nothing of any , is it , it is only our faith in that that which , in us , has a stronger effect .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i wanted to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i take i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i take i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we we we know from that in that study that you have to reach for the needle if you want to get to the point .
this this this this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a long , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
this this this this this this this is is is really is my flesh , it is is is is is is is is not , is it is not , it is not , it is not , it is not ,
this this this this is this is my skin , this is not is not a hollywood movie .
i i now i will now i will now i will now i i will now i will now i will now i will now i will now i will now i will now i will i will now i shall i shall i will now i shall i shall i shall i shall i shall i shall i shall now i shall i shall i shall i shall now i shall now i shall now i shall i shall i shall i shall now i shall i shall i shall now i shall now i shall now i shall
if if if if if if if you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
so i i i suggest , if if if you get ill soon , you will look away for the next 30 seconds , or , you know , you know what , i i will make the first awkward part back here .
you you you can you you can you you can see it , you can you you can look away , if you want .
so , so , it it goes , it it goes , right here where my flesh begins , on the lower part of my arms , i i will just make a little ... a little ... a little ... a little ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
i am i i i am i i i i am i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and now just now just just a a little a little bit through my skin and on the other side of the way out .
now now now we we we are we we are in the the the the same situation we had in the the the war .
about .
but now now you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can not count my fingers , can you ?
so , so , i i i will i will i will i will show you , this is one , two , three , four , four , five .
well well , well , well ,
i i i i know what what people people think when they see that .
they they they they say , " okay , okay , he 's probably not that stupid , he 's probably the one who 's got the skin of his own , just to talk for a few minutes . "
well , well , then , then i will i will i will show you .
how what does this look like ?
yeah , yeah , i know , i know .
and the people people in the back say , " okay , i didn 't see it right . "
the people in the the the the the people in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the people in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
let let let let let let let let me show it to you from near .
this this is is is really my my skin , this is not is not a hollywood movie .
this is this is this is my flesh , and i i can i i can do it .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
okay okay okay , okay , let let let let let let let me put a little bit of blood for you .
yes , yes , here it is .
normally , i would normally i would now i would take the needle out now .
i i i would i i would i would i would i would i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i would i i would i would i i would i would i would i would i would i i would i would i would i would i i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would i would
but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think , in this frame here and with the intention of making something real out of a deception i will just leave the needle in there and walk off the stage .
we we we will we will we will meet again in the next few days .
i i i hope i hope you i hope you you will be so happy to , thank you .
everyone is talk about the happiness .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i have i i i have let some people who count the number of the books , the number of people who have been published in the title in the for the last five , for the last five , for the last five , for the last five , for the last five , for the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there were more .
there is there is a a a great wave of the a great wave of happiness among scientists .
there there are a lot of there are a a lot of a lot of , uh ...
everyone would everyone would like to make people happy .
but but , despite all of all of this the tide of work , there are several cognitive traps which , in a way , make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and and my my lecture today , today , my lecture today , will , most of these cognitive traps , will act .
that that is is for for the to for the to for the people who think of for the who , for , who , for , who , for it , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , is , and , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
the the first of the first of the first of these traps is to admit to the first of these traps , is to admit to a more complex , complexity .
it turns out , it turns out that the word happiness is just not a useful word because we use it to too many different things .
i i i i i i i i i i think there there is there is a certain meaning that there is a certain meaning that there is a certain meaning that we could that we could that we could , but in the in the great and everything in the great and everything , that is something that we have to give up , and we will have to , and we will have to , and we will have to , and we will have to , and we will have to , and we will have to
the the the second , the the second trap is is a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , the second , the the second , the second , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the second , the the second , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and these are these are two are two very two very two very different , very different , very different , and they are they are both in the idea of happiness .
and the the the the the the the the the the third is the the the the the the the the the the the the the third is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i mean , i mean , that this is is is a a real cognitive trap .
there there there is there there there is just no no way to get it right .
and and and then he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , really , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
but but it didn 't it didn 't .
what what what it had ruined was the the memories of the experience .
he had had had had had the experience .
he had he had had had had had had had had 20 20 minutes of beautiful music .
they they they did not , they did not , they did not , because he , with a memory , was the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep .
what what what what what what what it really tells us is is that we can think about us and about other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it is is the the the it is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
or , " or , " what was your " how was your journey to albania " or something like .
these are these are are two two very two very two very two very two very , very two very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
well , now , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and and that it really begins with a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a
we we we don not not we don not only tell not only tell stories when we do to tell stories .
our our our our our memory tells us stories , which means what we can to keep from our experiences is a story .
and and and let let let let me start with an example .
there 's an old study there .
these are these are are real real , real , real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
i i i i i i i i will not i will not , i i will not , i , i will not , i will not , i will not , i will not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
you have you have have been asked to report every 60 seconds of your pain .
and here , there are two two two two of two patients , these are your records .
and they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
and and that that that is is a very simple very simple question .
patient , patient , patient , patient b , has clearly suffered more , and his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain , the patient a patient had patient a patient , patient a patient , and more .
but but now there is now there is another question , " how how did these patients think that they suffered ? "
and here here is a surprise .
and and the the surprise surprise is that patient " a " patient " a " patient " a " has had a much worse " to the colonoscopy as a patient .
the the the the the stories of the the the the the the the stories of the the the the the the stories of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the stories of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and , and none of these stories is not one of those stories is not one of those stories is very , very , very , very ...
but but one one of them one of them is clearly worse than the other .
and the the the the the who who who who is worse is the the one where the pain was at the end of at the end of his height , it 's a bad story .
how how how how do we know how do we know ?
because because because because we we we we we we we we asked these people to ask for their colonoscopy , and even a much later , " how bad was the whole thing in total ? "
and and she she she was she was she was much worse for " a " than for " b " in " the " the " the "
well , well , that this is is is a a direct conflict between the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
from the view of the the from the sight of of the the , of itself , b clearly had a much worse time .
that that that will that will that will that the the the patient is suffering , but only a little bit and much less than before .
what what what what what what what what is a what is a story that makes a is a history ?
and that that that is , for the the the the stories that the memory gives us , and it also applies to the stories that we invent .
which , which , which , which , which , a history of a story , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , in , a , a , a great moment and end .
ending ends are are very , very , very , very important and in this case , the end of this .
well , well , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it it it has moments of the moment of the moment of the moment , one after another .
and you you you you you you you ask , what what happens to these moments ?
and the the the the the the answer is really simple , you are lost forever .
most of most of you , most of you , most of you , will be completely ignored completely by the , uh , the most of them themselves .
and yet , yet yet yet , somehow , you somehow you somehow get the the impression that you should count that what happened during those moments of the moment of the shadow war , is our life .
it it it it is is is the the the the a limited resource that we consume while we are in this world .
and and as how we , how we would it would seem , it is not the the the the the how we would use it to it , it would seem that it would seem to be important , but it is not the not the the story that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the that the the the the the the
so so so so so so we we we we we have we have the the , we have ourselves and the , the , the , the , the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the the the the greatest difference between you is the the way to deal with time .
from out of view of the , even if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first the first one , then the the most beautiful vacation is twice as good as the most .
that 's how it doesn it doesn 't even work that it doesn 't even work for the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " " " " " " "
for for the , for the , for the , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for even , is , a , a , a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
you you you you you have you have you have not not you have not changed the story .
and in that way , in this way , time is is , in is , is is , in this is , is , in that way , time , is , is is is , in fact , is , is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
well , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in fact , we do not , we do not , we , we , we , we , we choose between memories of experiences .
and even even if even if even when we think of the future , even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future as a experience .
we we we we we we we we we we think about our our future , we think of our future , as our future , as memories of our past .
and basically , you can basically , you can , you you you , you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have the the feeling that when we go on vacation , when we go on vacation , it is very often the case , which means that we are taking a vacation in the service of the service of ourselves .
and and that that that that is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little hard to justify , i think .
i i i i i i i mean , how how how , how , how , how how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how we , how , how we , how , how we , how we , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how we , how , how , how , how
this is this is is one of the one of the explanations that is given for the the the dominance of the man himself .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
well , well , if if if if if if i had ever opened the the i would have i would have i would have spent another hour .
well , well , that 's three three three three weeks , and that is , at the most , an hour and a half .
there there there seems there is a there there seems to be some kind of disagreement .
so therefore , i i i i i i would i i i would you i would i would you to think of a more , more , more , more , more , more .
imagine imagine your next your next vacation , you you you know that at the end of the vacation , all your pictures will be destroyed and you will get a prescription drug that you will remember nothing .
well , well , now , would would would would would would would would would would would would would would would would you choose the same the same vacation ?
why why why we we choose to choose the the we choose is a problem that makes us with a choice between the two kinds of ourselves .
well , well , the the two the two of the the the two of the two species of the themselves , the two of the two , the two words of the happiness .
there is , in fact , there are two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , of the happiness that we can use , one each .
so you can so you can you can ask , how is how happy is the happy is the the most beautiful of all ?
and and and then you would you would ask , how how happy are the moments in the life of the man of the heart ?
and and they they they they are all they are all are all all the good fortune for moments is a rather complicated process .
which which are are are are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by the by , we are now able to get a pretty good idea from the happiness of the happiness of the even the time .
if if if you ask for the the happiness of the lord yourself , it is a very different thing .
this this is not is not is not is not about how happy a person lives .
it it it is about how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is , how it is that it that it that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it that it is that it is that it is that it that it that it that it that it is
very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very different , very
everyone who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who
the the the the the between the the the the the between the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the the the the the the the the the of the the the , the the the , the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so in the for over the last years , we have we , in , have we , in , have we , in , have we , in , have we , in , have we have , in , have , in the , to learn of the happiness of the two of the .
and and and the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the , the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the the , the the the the , the the the , the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you can you you you can you you you can you you you you can you you you you can you you you you you can you you you you you can you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
just just to to give you an impression of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
what what what what that means is is that if if you were to meet someone , and you would be told , oh , oh , his his his his father is is is is is is is is is a , what would you know about his greatness ?
well , well , you you would you you you would know something about his greatness , but there is much uncertainty .
you you you you you have so much uncertainty .
when when when when i tell to tell you , when when i tell you , when when i tell you , when when i tell you , when i tell you , when i tell you that , that someone has their life as an eight on a scale of ten , you , you , you have you have a a a a a much uncertainty about how he is how happy he is with his own .
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is is is is is is is so small .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we know something about what the the the satisfaction of the great and the happiness of the king .
we we we we we we we we know that money money is very important , goals are very important .
we we we we we we we we we we know that happiness is , that happiness is , that happiness is , that happiness is , is , that happiness is , that happiness is , is , is , that happiness is , is , is , that happiness , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , to to to to to to to be happy with people we , to to to to spend time , to spend time with people that we , to spend time with
there is there is other pleasure , but this is dominant .
so if so , if you , if you , if you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , the , you , you , the , you , you , the , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
the the the conclusion from what i have said here is that we should we should not , that we should not , that we should , for better or better , should not be a substitute for comfort .
it it it it is a a a completely different completely different term .
well , for , for , for for a very short , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
so , so if if you ask the simple simple question , how happy the people in california are , you will not receive the correct answer .
when when when when you ask you you you you you you you you you ask that you you think you think that the people in california must be happier when you say , say , in ohio , live .
and what what what what what what what what what is is is is what is is is what is is is what is is what is is is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is ?
well , it it it turns out , it it it it turns out that the climate climate is not is not very important to the , that the climate is not very important to the , and it it is not not even very important to the most important for the , that it is it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it that it that it is that it
now , but , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , because , by the end of the day , , , , , , , , , because , because , because , of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and it it it it it it is it it is , it it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is , it is it is it is , it is it is it is it is it is it is it is , it is it is it is it is it is it is it is , it is it is it is
well , now , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your ,
we we know we know that .
but but one thing , one thing will , you you will you you you will you , you will , you will , and you will think that you will , for when you think about it , you will will be remembered how terrible the weather in ohio and you will feel that you have made the right decision .
it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is
thank you .
i have i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , well , when when when we spoke on the phone a couple of weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result that came from this very , very interesting survey .
is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is this something that you can share with us because you now have a few minutes left ?
daniel daniel daniel daniel , i 'm sure .
i i i i i i i think the the the most the most interesting the most interesting , the most interesting that we have found in the the most recent survey in this is a number that we had absolutely not expected to find .
we we we we we found this , in light of the the happiness of the man himself .
when when when we when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and it it it it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year for americans , and that is a a a a very large , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
60,000 .
1 , 000 .
$ 60,000 a $ 60,000 a year , people are unhappy , and they become more and more and more unhappy , the the poorer they are .
that 's what we get over that we get a very flat line .
i i i mean , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i mean , i , i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
what what what happens is it is it is obvious that money is , is that money that money is not is , is it is , is , is it is , that , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
in the in the in the in the the the in the the the in the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the more the more the more the more money you make the the the the the the the more you make the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that is not is not not for emotions .
but but danny , danny danny , in all of the american , in all of america 's , it is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if if if if if people would take this report seriously , i mean , it it all seems to put it all on the head , everything we believe , for example , in the terms of the , and so on .
is is is is is is is is is is is is is is there any chance that politicians , that the country , in general , would , would , would , in general , would , would , would , would , would , in the , in the , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , would , in the , would , would , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in
you you you you know , i i i believe that there is recognition for the role of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
the recognition of the recognition will soon be in the the united states , no no question , but in the the the the united kingdom , it is now , and in other countries , it is now happening .
the people people people are in to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it it will it will it will it will take a a while , and people will will be discussing whether or whether or whether or whether or whether or whether or whether or whether or whether they want to go to study to study , so we must have this discussion pretty soon .
how how to , how to , how to , how to , to , to , to , to , how to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
that this will will influence politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the in the in the the the in the the the the the united states , you have to try to measure the the the the population 's most beautiful .
it will will , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think that in the the next one or two decades , will be part of the national statistics .
well , well , it it it it it seems to me that this subject is , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank thank thank thank you so much for the the the invention of the " the "
thank thank you , thank you , danny , danny , danny , danny ,
i am i i i i i am jane jane jane i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i now i i have now i have now i i have now i i i have now i i i have now i i i have now i i i have now i i i i have now i i have now i i i i have now i have now i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i have i i have i i have now i i i have now i have now i have now i i i i i i i have now i i have
i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
right now , right now , we are currently currently we spend 3 , 3 , 3 billion hours a week with a , uh ...
some some some of you you may think , " this is a a lot of time for games . "
perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps a a a a a a little too much too much time , given how many problems we have in the real world we have to solve .
in fact , but , in fact , but , according to my research , according to my research at the the the institute for the future , is the exact opposite .
three three three billion three billion hours a a week is not not nearly enough to solve the world 's most serious problems .
in fact , i am i i i am i i i am i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
no no no no no no no no no no no , i i i i i i i i i i i i really mean it .
why , this this this this this this this picture , this is , this is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
this this this is this is a a a a portrait of the photographer , the photographer , the photographer ,
he he he he he wanted to to to to to to capture his feelings when he played , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this this this this is is one of the one of the classic words of the play .
if if if if you are not you you are not not a player , you may not be able to escape some of the most of the in this picture .
you you you probably you you you you you you you probably see that this sense of urgency , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
if if if you play , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
this this this this is is a a a a a player who is on the brink of a so-called epic victory .
oh , oh , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
a a a a a a a a a a victory is a a a a a a a victory that is so very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
it was almost almost beyond the imagination .
and when when when when you reach it , you are , you are in shock , that you are capable of such a thing , that is a a glorious victory .
this this this this player , this player , he is , is , is is , is is , is is , is , is is , is is , is is , is is , is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
and this this this is what it is , what we must to see on the millions of of of the millions of on the faces of the the of of the the the the of of the millions of in the all the the the world , when we take the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the hurdles of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
well , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
i i i i i i call it it it it it it it it it as the " in life i am i i i am bad , " and it is actually my face , see ?
that i i am i , i i i am i , i i am i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
this this is this is a a a a graffiti in my my my former home in berkeley , california , where in my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , this is a , this is a , this is a , this is a , is a , is a , this is a , this is a , this is a , is a , this is a a
that that that is is a a problem that many players have .
we we we we we we we we we we we think that in reality we are not as good as in playing .
and and i i i i i i i i don not mean , not only do i not mean , not just less successful , although that 's part of it .
i i mean , well , in the context of the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to do something meaningful .
and in in reality in reality , when when when we fail , when when we push for obstacles , we often feel different .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we feel we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we feel we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we feel
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we never have these feelings we we we never have , when we play games , in games , they just don 't .
and and that is that is is what i i i wanted to do as i i was to study as a ...
why why why why is it is impossible in playing is it impossible to think that you can can 't you just can 't achieve everything ?
how how how can how can we how can we can we ... can we ... how can we ... can we ... can we ... can we ... we ... can we ... we ... we can ... we ... we can ...
so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i watched i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i have i i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i i have i have i have i have i i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have
so , first , first , when when you get in in in in one of these , especially in the world of , there are a a lot of different characters who are willing to entrust to you with a more ... a mission , and , right away .
but not not not not not just not just not just some kind of mission , but a a a mission that fits perfectly to your current level in the game , right ?
so so so you you can do it .
you you you you will never never will never will never have a task you cannot solve .
but but always at the edge of your skills , so you must try hard , but there is no no unemployment in the the world of , of , .
you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you you don you you don you you you don you you you don you you you you don you you you you don you you you you you you you you you you don you don you don you you you you you you you you you don you don you you you you you don you don you you you you don you don you you you you you don you don you you don you you you don you
and there are a lot of employees there .
wherever wherever wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
we we we we we we we have not in in the real life , not so simple , in this feeling that with a a more , , a more , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and also also , there is this is is this the epic story , this the inspiring , the inspiring story of why we are there and what we have to do .
then then we we get we we get all this all the positive feedback .
you you you must have i you you have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this that this constant , constant feedback , there is no there is no in the true life .
when when when i leave i i i leave i i i do not i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i can not in the real life of i can not get this feedback in the real life .
so , so , the the the the the problem of the the the the the problem of the the the the the problem of the the the the the the the the the problem of the world is that it is so so so so so so so so satisfying to be to stand at the at the at the side of the the the the the the the the side of an of an epic victory of of an epic victory of an epic victory that we would rather that we we would rather we would rather we
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they are they are just better than the reality .
until today , all the the world of all the the the world of all the the world of all the world of the world of the world , together , have spent , for , for , like , a million years , trying to solve the virtual problems of the .
that that that this is not is not not is not is not something that is not so bad .
it might sound bad .
but to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to see in the context of it , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
the first the first the first the the first the the the the the the first , the the , the the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the first , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
okay , okay , so , so when when when when when when we talk about how much time we spend with games right now , it just makes sense that when you spend the time , in view of the the size of human development , which is extraordinary .
but but also also also , because it it it turns out that we , by using this all the time we use to play , actually change what we are capable of as people .
we we we we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we we are we we are we we are we are we are we we we are we are we are we are we are we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are
that is the truth is the truth , i believe that .
look look look look at these interesting , interesting statistics , recently published by a researcher of the , of the , the average average , average , average , average young man from today in a country with a very strong , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
so , 10,000 10,000 , 10,000 10,000 hours is an extremely interesting number for two reasons :
first , for first , for for children in the us , for the first time in the first time , for children in the the the in the the us , for the in the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so so so we we have here we have we have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a complete , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and perhaps some of you , some of you may have read some of you have read the new book of malcolm , " super " .
so so so so you you you you know his his theory of success , the theory of the success of the 10,000 hours .
it it is is based on is based on the the the great research of the , the that , if we spend 10,000 hours with the study of a random student of some sort to the age of 21 , we will be master in it .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we will become so good in , whatever to do , as the the the most great people in the world .
so so , what what what we have here here is is a a complete generation of young young people who are the most powerful .
so the the the big question is , " what exactly exactly is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is " which is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is the
because if if if if if if if if if we could we could find that , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
so many so many so many so many so many people we now have in in in the world , that we spend at least an hour an hour a day of the day with the .
these are these are are our are our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and in the next decade , in the next decade , we will have a another billion players , who are remarkably good at whatever .
if if if if you haven 't heard it yet ,
the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you are expected to expect an additional a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a billion a billion a billion a
with that , we have a total of 1 / 1 / 1 / 2 billion players .
so so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i started to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
here here here are the four four the four things i i found , the first , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
okay , okay , okay , just think of this as an extreme , extreme , ... ... ... ... ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... ..
the is is the is the is the desire to do is to to do right now , to to to to to to to to to master an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players players always always believe that a winning is possible , and that it is always worth trying to , and that it is now .
players players don 't just sit around .
players are players are the master of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the , the , the , the ...
there there is there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a lot of interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting , interesting , that show that we people like more people after we played with them , even when they beat us bad .
the the reason why is that it requires a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we we we we we we we we we we we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be held that we have the same goal and will remain in the game .
so so so so so so so , the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
as a result of this , we we will build up stronger social relations .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
you you you you you know , there is a reason why , there is is a reason why the of of the , of 22 , 22 hours a week a week , so to speak , as a kind of a ...
the the reason is is that , if when we play , we are we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , in fact , we are happier to work hard as if we relax , or do nothing .
we we we we we we we know that we , as human beings , we , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and and and and players , players are always willing to work hard when you get the right job .
and in the end , in the end , in the end , and in the end , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
players players love to love to , to become part of the , in the , in the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
a here a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a to to to put it in the right light , you know all the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the the the the second largest second largest world of the world of the the world of the world , the the world of the world , the the the world of the world of the world , the world of the world of the world of the most beautiful , the world .
five five five five five million people use it every month .
they they they have gathered more of more information about the world of the world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world 's world of the world 's world 's world 's world .
they they they create an an an an an epic , epic story .
they they create create an an an the an the an the the the the the the the the the world of the the the world of the world .
okay , okay , okay , so that these are four four , four , four super powers that lead to a single result , players are the most powerful , the most powerful , the most ...
they they are they are people who believe that they can change the world as one .
and the the only problem the only problem is that you think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real one .
that that that that is is the the problem that i am trying to solve .
edward edward edward , edward , edward , is is is is is a a a a a a the a .
his his his work is is he he he he is he he he he is he he he he is he he he he is he he he he is he he he he he he is he he he he he he he he is he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
and he he he he he he says , " we will , we will witness , from not less than a a a , in virtual , virtual , virtual , and , "
and and that from a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and he says he says ...
not not not not not as i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so he he he he says he says that it makes it really makes sense , because players can do more than in real life .
you you you can in you can , in you can , in play , in play , in play , in play , in play , you can , in play , you can , in play , to play , in a stronger , stronger , more , more , more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and more , and
so , so , he says he he says it it is now perfectly logical that , at this time , players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but but it it it is definitely it is definitely not it is definitely not it is not a it is .
we we must we must we must we must begin to to turn the the real world into a game .
my my my inspiration comes from an event that , for 2,500 years , comes from an event that , for 2,500 years ,
there there there there are there are there are these ancient , ancient , ancient , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
before before those fantastic fantastic , there were , there were , there were , there , there , there , there , there , there , there .
and that they were , in a way , were the the first of the people who had developed the first of the human beings .
and and if , if , if you are familiar with the the works of the ancient greek , you , perhaps you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
in the kingdom of the the , of the the the , of the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
supposedly there was there was a there was a a a so great famine , that the the king of , of , of , of , , of , , , , , of , , , had decided to a crazy idea .
the people , the people , the people , the people , the people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
it was it was it was was an extreme , an extreme situation , you needed an extreme solution .
so so so so they invented , according to , according to the , they invented , they invented , and they invented a national strategy , one day they would eat , the next day you would play .
and and they they would they would they would they would be so they would be so they would be so , so they would they would be so so so so so so very , so they would they would be so so so so so so so so so so so so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , they , so , they , they , so , so , so , so , they , so , they , they , they , they , they , they
and then , the next the next day , the next day , you 'd be eating .
and according according to according to according to the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
just as i , i think , i i think , i think , let 's play games tonight .
we we we we we we we we we we we we will play games to to to escape the the suffering of the real world .
we we we we we we we we we we we we play games to to to to avoid everything that doesn 't work in the the real world , all that in real life is not not satisfying in real life and we get what we need from the games .
but it doesn 't it doesn 't it doesn 't have to be the end .
that this is the the the the exciting .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the king , the the the the king , the the the king , the the the king , decided to set up one last of the .
they they they they divided the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the kingdom in half .
they they played a they played a they played a a a a the they played a the the the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
that that that that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but but but the latest , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so , scientists scientists , scientists , scientists recently , have recently come to believe that , in fact , the true story of " the crazy " is true .
and and , and , and , and , and , and , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so so so so , this crazy , crazy story could be true .
perhaps perhaps perhaps you have indeed , you have indeed , you have indeed saved your people , by , by you , who , for 18 years you have fled to games , and then you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
so , so , we can , we can .
we we we 've been playing since ' 94 since ' 94 , ' 94 .
that this was was the first the the first the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they played for 18 for 18 , for 18 , for 18 , for 18 years , we have been in the the play for 16 .
i i i i i say that we we are ready to be ready for our own our own , our own , our own , our own , the game .
so , so , they they they they they sent , they sent half half of their civilization to the search for a new world , so i take my my 21 , 21 billion , a week .
we should we should we should we should we should in should we should be in it that half of us spend an hour a day playing games with play until we have solved the problems of the real world .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we have we have this this banner in in our office in the in of the in of the in of the in of the in of the in of , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in
we we we we we we we we we we do not not not to try not to try not to try to tell the future before .
what what what we we we we want is to make the future .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we want to to to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , and to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
i i i i i show you i show you to show you three three of the three games that i have designed to try to make people an epic victory in their own future .
this this this this is " the world without oil . "
the the the game is of is from 2007 .
it it it is it is a a it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a that you have to overcome a ... a
we we we we we we we we we have tested this game with the 1 7 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
and and i can i can i can i can tell you , it it it was was a very , very , very , very experienced experience .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no one wants to change his life because it is good for the environment or because we should .
but when when when when when when they are in an epic adventure , when they say , " we are out of oil . "
this this is this is a a a a fascinating , fascinating adventure that you go to .
find find find find out how you would survive , and most of our players have kept the most of the in the game to keep the most of our habits .
so so so so so so we we , for for the the next , we , for the the next , we , we , for the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we we we we we we we we we have created the the game " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
the point of the point is the the the the the point of the point is that the people have only 23 years left on the planet .
this this the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the call of the players , to to to sign in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , almost , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
you you you you you you you you know jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry , where there is , where there is the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
eight , eight , eight , eight , eight , eight .
they they they they they they they found , they they found , they found , they found , like , 500 incredibly creative creative creative creative creative creative creative solutions that they can read , when they they " the "
and and the the last game the last game we we bring out on march 3rd , it is a game in collaboration with the world bank .
when when when when you you close the the you , you will , from the world bank , you will receive the award " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " "
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we work with we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
we have we we we have we we we have we we we we have we we we have we we we have a we we we we have a we we we we understand " " level high " for " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to invite you to invite you all to share this game with young people , to share this game with young people , all in all over all over the world , especially in the world , who benefit , who , who , who , who , benefit from the benefit from , who , who , who , who , who , who , who benefit from
i i i now i come to the end .
i i i i i i want to ask you something i want to ask you something .
what what what what what , do you you you think happens next ?
we we we we we we we we we we have all all all these fantastic , we we have all these fantastic , we we we have all have , we we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
well well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i hope that you i , i i hope that you will agree that , in that , that , that players are human resources that we can use to work for work in real life , and that games , and that play games have a great meaning to change .
we we we we we we we we have have all these all these super powers , we have all , we have all , we have , we have , all , we have , all , all of these , all of these , all of these , all of these , all of these , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all , all ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i hope i hope you will you will you will i will you will , you will , you will , you will , you will , i , will , you will play , and play .
when when i , in the next in the next decade , when i , in the next , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , for i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so i i i i i i i say , let let let the , let the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
thank you .
i i i i would i i i would i i would i would i would i would like to tell you , i would like to tell you something that i , a a few months ago , i saw in writing an article in the article for the " the " a " a " a " a " a " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i read to read to read to you to read the entry .
" healthy , healthy , strong , strong , strong . "
of course , of of course , it was , of course , it was was a a , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , i i i just i just i i just i just i just thought that the that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but in fact , in fact , it was it was it was a a issue in the early ' 80s , when i just started in the elementary school , and it was it that it was it was it was actually , it was it was it was , it was it was it was , it was it was it was it was it was , it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was , it was
and and thank god , thank god , thank god , i i i did not i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
if if if i , if i , i would i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i , i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
here here here is the the the the the the the the the the the most the the most beautiful version of this is .
unfortunately , unfortunately , she 's not she 's not not much better .
especially especially , the the the the last two the last two words of " the most " and " the " and " healthy " .
but it 's not it it 's not it 's not just the words .
it it is is is what is is is what we think about the people we describe with these words .
it it is about the the the values that are in those words and how we design these values .
our our language , our our language , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our ,
many many many many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , including the , the , the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so so so , what what what do we what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what do we , what , what , what
alone alone , to call a a human being , to call a a a human being , could be enough to narrow it down , and to give you ideas .
wouldn wouldn it wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn wouldn it be better not to open the doors to you ?
a a a a a a a a a man who opened doors for me , was my a a a a my a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a man who
his his his his his name is dr. dr. , a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , his name , as you can imagine , most americans couldn 't pronounce the most americans , so he was always called dr. p.
and and and and and dr. dr. , dr. p. , dr. p. , dr. p. always , he always was always very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i found the time i spent in this hospital , i i just ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ...
and and imagine , i i i i i have even , as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and if if if you can do it , i will give you a hundred hundred dollars . "
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this is is is it is only is an example of many , as adults in the world of a child who can inspire the imagination of a child .
but as as , as as as as the , as the , the as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
our our , our language , our language , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of our , our , the , the , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our ,
so perhaps , so perhaps , so perhaps , that this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
but the truth is , the truth is , the truth is , we , of course , we are of the challenge , whether it is physically , emotionally , or even both is .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i say that that that that is good .
there is no is no is no is is is no no obstacle to which we must make a better deal with our lives .
odds simply belong to our lives .
and i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
sometimes sometimes i sometimes i sometimes i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i i i i i i i i i i do i i i do not i , i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there there are there are there in life there are there are there in there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there in the life of there are , there are , there are , there are there are , there are , there are there are there are , there are there are there are there are there are there are there are , there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are
so we we we we we are not not we are not not not only are not not not only are we not , not only are we not only are we not only responsible for keeping the people that we love , to keep them from the , but to prepare them to get well .
and we and we we we we we we we we do not do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do not do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
you you you you must separate two two two two two two things clearly , to to one , to one the the the medical fact of being amputated , and to the to the other , the the the social opinion of whether i am disabled or not .
and to to to be honest to be the the the the the only real , and the the only , the the only , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps the the the the the the the the the present the the the the the present the the the the present is the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if if if if we do not not not to treat a man who we do not not not not to treat a man who we do not not , and not , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , ,
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
so so so so we we we we must look beyond the , beyond the , and we must focus on all the areas of human possibilities .
most of the most most important but is that between the the the perception of the the perception of our , and our our great , the , the most important , is that there is a connection .
we we should we should not not not should we should not not not , we should not , should we should not not , should we should not , not to , not to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
i may it is perhaps i i i i i rather i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and perhaps , perhaps , perhaps , we , we may , we may , we may , we may , we may , we , we may , we , we , may , we , we , we , we , we , may , we , may , we , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , we , may , may , we , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , we
in this this this this this this this this year , this year , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
i i would i i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i would so i , not the the the not the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
out of conflict of conflict is a creativity .
not not , not , not , not only , not only from the work of , we we know that the the the power of man , to survive and to survive and from the battle of the the the the the the human mind is destined to walk through conflict .
so , again , again , change , change , and adjustment are the the greatest skill of man .
and perhaps , perhaps we may we may we may not know what the wood we are made of , when we are truly tested .
perhaps perhaps that is is precisely that is the the the the the meaning of adversity , an perception of the i , a feeling of our own power .
we can we we can we can we can give ourselves something like this ourselves .
we we can we can we can we can we can we can we can give to a new a new , new , new , new , new meaning that goes beyond the times of the hard times .
perhaps perhaps perhaps we may we may may we may we may we can see odds as a change .
there are are stands for for a change that we have not yet adapted .
i i i i i i i think i believe the the the the the the greatest damage we have done to ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
honestly , - - who who is normal ?
there is no there is no normal .
there there there is the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i don i i i don i don i i i i i don i don i don i don i don i i i i don i don i don i i i i don i i
we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we ,
there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are indications that the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you you you you you you you have not not not have you have not , have you not , have you not , have you not , have you not , have you not , have you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it was it it it was summer summer summer , and i i was wearing shorts .
and i i i i hear i i hear i hear i hear i hear a guy , i i hear , i i hear , i hear , i hear , i hear i hear a guy behind me says , " well , if that 's not aimee mullins . "
and and i i i turn i turn i turn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do not i can not remember
and he he he he he he said , " well , yes , well , you should hardly remember me .
when when i first i first saw you i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
oh , oh , oh , so that 's him .
and , of course , of course , and of course , of course it did , but then it just clicked .
that this was was dr. dr. dr. dr. dr. , a a a a man i only knew from my mother 's stories about this day , because i , of course , i , i , , , , i , , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , i , , , , , , , , , i , i , , , , i , i , , , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i ,
the the the the doctor for my mother 's doctor , my mother 's doctor , my my mother 's doctor , my my mother 's doctor , the the the doctor , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the doctor for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the doctor for the the the the the the the the the the
and because because i i was born without i i was born without i was born without i i was born without , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and he he he he he called this part of his class called the the x factor , the potential of the human will .
you you you can simply cannot simply cannot simply not can simply not express enough to how the the importance of a man 's life can be .
you see , you see , , dr. dr .
he he he he had understood that the the the medical diagnosis , and how how someone is handling it is two different things .
and even i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
if if if you you you ask me that you ask me today , i i am not so sure .
and and that that that that that is what happened , because i have experienced something with my legs , and not in spite of these experiences .
and , and perhaps perhaps perhaps , that this change could also could , because i i have met so many people who have opened doors to me , instead of to meet people who would narrow me down , or i wanted to see a show .
see , you see , it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it really it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
if if if if if you can give it to someone to to to activate their own , the the human spirit is so , if you can do that , and to open a door for someone in a crucial moment , you will be a very good teacher .
they teach them to teach them to open their own doors .
the the the the the real meaning of the the the the the meaning of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " " " " the " " the " the " the " the "
it it it it it means , it means something a something that is something that in one is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , in one that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is ,
again again again , what is what is the potential that we would like to now ?
in the in the the in the the ' 60s in the the in the the in the the in the the the in the the the in the the the the the in the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
the the students will be divided according to notes .
and and the a a the a a the a a a student , will be the a a a student , will be tested harder , the better the better teachers will get .
you then you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and , of course , , , of course , it , of course , it , of course , it , it , of course , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , of course , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
and and and it was the same , after the three months .
but only only only those who were those who were still in the school , except for the students who had thrown the school .
the most important thing in this study was that the teachers were not not in on .
the the the teachers , the teachers , the teachers , they didn 't know that something was changed .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they , they , they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the the only true the only real , the the only real , the the only real , the the only real , the the only real , the is a a a a a broken , broken mind is a a a a broken spirit that has no hope , no hope , no hope , no hope , and he can find nothing that he no no more , no more , he no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more ,
but if if if we , but if we can , but if we can , but if we can , but if we can , but if we can , but if we can , to support the human spirit of the human spirit , to continue to hope to keep to to find ourselves and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to find and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to find and to to to
if if a a a spirit has a mind of these qualities , we can create a new reality and a new reality and a new a new reality .
come come , dance dance with me , dance with me , thank you
how how how how how how how would you you you would you want to be better than you are now ?
suppose if , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i said that , with a few changes of your genes , a better memory could be more precise , more precise and faster .
or or or would you would like to , if you would like to be more powerful , to have more strength .
would you would would would would you like to be more attractive and more more confident ?
how how how would how would it be to live longer with good health ?
or maybe maybe maybe you are you you you are one of those who have always been more and more creative .
which which which what would you you would most like most ?
which which which what would what would you would you would would you would like would you would like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how how how how how many people would how many people would choose to choose creativity ?
raise your hands raise your hands , let let me see .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that that that is very good .
how how how how how how how how how how how how many would you choose for a good memory ?
a few more .
how how would you like with fitness ?
a a a a a a a few less .
what what what about what about what is it ?
ah , the , the the majority , i i like to , as a doctor .
if if if if only you could have only one of those , it would be a a whole different world .
is is this is all just a fantasy ?
or is or is it perhaps is it possible ?
the evolution of the evolution of evolution has has has been a a a more , a more , more , a more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more .
the the the the great great great great the great great great the the the the the great great great great the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the great the the the the the great the the the the the the the great the great the great the the the great the great the great the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but , but if if if you accept , if you accept , accept biological evolution , do do you think , is is it only about the past , or is it about the future ?
is is is it is is is is it is is is it is is is is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is , is it is it is it is , is it is it is , is , is , is , is it is it is it is it is it is it is , is it is it is it is , is , is , is it is it is it
this this this is this is another look on the the the tree of life .
the the the the the human part of this the human part of this the the human part of this the most , far in the end , is of course what we are most interested in .
we we , we , we , the , the , the , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in this time , in this time period , there may have been maybe 20 , 25 , 25 different , different , different , different , of , of , of ...
some have come and some have come and gone .
we we we we we we have been here for for for for the last 24 and a half .
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it seems as if we are , rather far from from the other parts of the the the tree of life , but , in the the most part , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most basic the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do do do do do do you do do do do do do do do you do do do do do you do do do do do you you do you do you do you do you do you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you
this this this is not is not is not is not is not , is not , is not , is not , is this is is , this is is is the same the same protein , which is chemically , from what comes from the pancreas .
and while while while we we we are we we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we we are we we we are talking about bacteria , do , do you do do you do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do
maybe ten , maybe ten , maybe ten times that .
i i i i mean , , do you think , do you you think , if , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when antonio , when antonio , he asks for her , do you think about the bacteria ?
our our our our our bowels is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it it it is warm it is warm it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is warm it it is warm it it is warm it it it it is it it is it is it is it is it is it it is it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it is it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it is it is it is it is
and and you you you you you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will you will to offer them all the nutrients they could only wish for without effort .
it it it it it is it is it is it is it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it is a it
but , otherwise , , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are a a wonderful , wonderful , wonderful environment for this bacteria , just as you are important to your life .
you help help help help help help help help with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but but what what what what will what in the future will come ?
are are are are are are we in a kind of a kind of a ... a kind of a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
or or are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are we are certain that we are to be something else - - - something that might even better adapted to the environment ?
in this in this this this great , the the the great , the the the the great , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that was we .
this this this is also the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of that speech , so i i i hope that you , d ace , you , you , you ,
well , well , when when when i was a a freshman in college , when i was a freshman , i i had my first favorite .
i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i was i was i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i was i was i i i i i i was i was i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i fell i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but at the time , when when the when the when the when the when the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
sexual sexual reproduction occurs in the picture .
and most important , with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the the the the the the the the the the the the the rest of the body will be expendable .
in indeed , indeed , in indeed , in indeed , in indeed , , , you could say that the the the the the the the the the the death of our body in the evolution of evolution in the same moment as the sexual reproduction .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i
and one night one night one night , there is a a a a a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
before him , there is a a a a a a beautiful , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
she she she she she she she looks and she says , " i 'm here for the "
" that this is that this is wonderful , " george says , " i will take the soup . "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i have tried to try to keep the body .
i i i i i i wanted to to to keep us healthy .
i i i i i i i i i wanted to to to to to restore the health to the health of a disease .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
evolution evolution evolution is is all about the the the the the the the the the of the the the world 's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
from from from from a a a a , a , a , a you and i , as i , they are designed to , like , as a booster , to send the genetic cargo to the the next level of orbit to drop into the sea .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
evolution evolution evolution does not not not is not necessarily not necessarily not necessarily means to prefer the longest life .
it it it it it does not not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , it does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , does not , it
evolution evolution , evolution , the the the creatures that the most best to adapt to their environment .
it it is it is it is it is is only the only test of survival and success
on the the bottom of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the first is the first is that we will not not evolve .
we we we have achieved some sort of balance .
and and the the the the the the the the reason why , the the reason that we , for the first , through the medicine , we were able to obtain a a a lot of genes that would have been otherwise , and were removed from the population .
and two , two , , we , as a a , we , as we , as we , we , we , , , , we , as , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and by , by the by , by , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
a a second second is a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , of course , , , , , , , by the forces of nature .
and the the the the the the the argument , here , is that the the the wheels of evolution are slowly , but they are relentless .
and as far as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as the as the , the as so far as the isolation , when we , as species , as far as far as far as far as the planet , , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the
but but but is is is there a is there is a a third , a a a a , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i call it , i i call it , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
well , well , how how how did this how did this happen ?
how how how could it be possible that we could do this ?
let let let let , let let let , to to to to to to to to to to see the reality that the people today , in some cultures , make decisions about their descendants .
they they are , in in some cultures , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it it it it is not is not not not is not it is not it is not that it is not so good for society , but it is what the one and the family decide .
so so you think , if , if , if not only is it not only can to choose your child 's sex , but also to do to make genetic adjustments to the body that would not only cure and cure and cure .
what what what what what what what if if if you could make the genetic change to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's , or to eliminate the reducing of the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
wouldn wouldn wouldn you wouldn wouldn wouldn you wouldn wouldn wouldn 't you wouldn not want to make these changes in your genes ?
when when when we when we , when we , , , this kind of change will , this kind of change , will be able to .
the the the the the the the the human the the human , the the the human , the the the human , the the the the human , the the the the human , the the , the the the the the the the the human , the human , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it cost it it cost $ 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 ,
in the the following year , the the the the following year , when it was finished in 2004 , in 2004 , you could do the same for $ 20 million in the $ 4 months .
today , today , you can now you can you can a a a sequence of the three billion of the the the of the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the three of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it will it will not will not not will not will not be long , until the reality is that there will be the $ 1,000 a $ 1,000 a $ 1 / $ 1 / $ 1 / $ 1 / $ 1 / $ 1 / $ 1 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2 / 2
these changes these changes are in coming .
the the the the same the same technology the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the same technology the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
whether you believe or believe it or not , it is it is an experimental experimental experimental study in the gang with a vaccine for the which has been grown in the cells of a the .
can can can can can can can can can can can can you imagine a a good thing that comes from tobacco ?
this this this this is is is is all reality , and in the future , it will be much more possible .
then imagine only two other little changes .
you you can you you can you can change the the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what what what what what if if if if you could could could change the sperm and eggs , could could change the the fresh , the fresh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the to give to give your children a better chance for a better a better chance for a better a better life for a better life for a better life for a better , for a better , for a better , to rid of a better , to rid of removing the the the
who who who who who who who who who who who who doesn 't not want to do not not not want to have the children of the children ?
and then , and then the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
why why why why why have not have have not not not have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
why why why why why not not have have have not have the the the fast , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the fast , the that will give you to run faster and longer ?
why why why why not live no longer ?
these will these will will will will will be will will will be irresistible .
and when when when when when when when when we when we are we when we are we when we when we are we when we are we , when we are we are we , in a place where we can pass it to the next generation , and we can adopt the to adopt the to adopt the the , we will we will , we will be converted to be converted to be converted to be converted to be converted by , by , by the
we we we will we will we will have a will we will have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
these are these are these are are the decisions that your grandchildren , or their grandchildren , must be dealt with .
do do do we use to use to use these decisions to form a society that is better , the more successful , the more friendly ?
or will we or will we will , will we will , will we will , will we will , will we , we will , will we will , will or will we will , will we will choose to choose to choose to choose to have for some of us and not for others ?
will we will we will form a society will form a society that is , is is is is , is , or is it , is , is or are we will form a society that will form a society that will form a society and form a society , is a society , is , is , is , is , is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or is , or ,
these are these are are are are the the kind of questions that we must to meet .
and and on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the the the the the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the good as in the good as in the evil , and in the old days when you may think , these decisions will be to us .
thank you .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want you that you that you that you that you now that you that you that you you you you you now you now , you , you , you , you now , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
we we we at berkeley at berkeley berkeley berkeley we call the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
they they they they they are they are nothing but they are nothing but what they they are , they they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are they are , they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are nothing but they are nothing but they are
this is indeed is indeed is indeed the the the true fusion of man and machine .
but not but not not only not only not only not only the not only the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that this this is not is not not is not just not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you now to show you what we are working on , we will begin to talk about the american american soldier , who , on average , is , is wearing about 100 pounds on his back , and there is the request that you should wear more equipment .
of course , , of course , this , this , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , of course , , , , , this , leads to some , to some , to some , to some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some
so so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
so now , let let let let let let me now present to you , now , may i present to you , the , or the the human universal , the universal , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the human universal , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
with i , with i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
his his his , his his his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his ,
it it it it it it it it feels what i want to do what i i want to do where i want to go , and then it increases my strength and endurance .
we we are we are we are ready to , with our the to to present with our this is the this new , new , new , new , new , this year .
so it is so it is true .
now let let let let let let let let now let let let us now now , let we shall now , let we shall now look upon our eyes to the the the the , the , the , the something that i , for which i , i , for , i , i , i , i , i , i , for , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
there are there are there are 68 million , 68 million people , who are in a wheelchair in the world .
that this is , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
and this is , in fact , is is a conservative conservative estimate .
we we we we we we we we we we we often talk here often we talk about very young , very young , very young people , who , in the in the the the in the the the the of their life , 20 , 20 , 20 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 , 30 ,
but but it is also the it is also about the the the population of the the the the population of which the number of the people who are the most .
and as pretty as pretty as pretty as the only option , when it comes to a " a " , or other complications , is the wheelchair .
and so , by the by the by , by the by the by the by the by , it has been , for 500 years , since his , as i have to say , it has been a very , very successful introduction .
so so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we thought we could begin by writing a completely new chapter in the area of mobility .
now let let let let let i now present to you , i now present to you , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
thank you .
as i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it has has sensors
his his , his his completely , his completely , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his ,
here are also , here are also , the the , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i was i i was i was i was 24 , i was 24 , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was
in in a fraction of a second a second , i lost every feeling and every movement beneath my back .
not not long , not long after , a a a a a a a a a a a a a doctor in my hospital room , and he he said , " amanda , amanda , you will never walk again . "
and that that was that was 19 19 years ago .
he he he he stole , he stole , he stole , he stole , he stole every every ounce of hope from my mind .
i have been , to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
but nothing , nothing nothing nothing nothing was invented nothing that would make me go again until now .
thank you .
as as as as you can see , we we have the technology , we have the technology to meet and to discuss with you .
it it lies in in in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations , not only for the soldiers , or for the here and for amanda , but for all .
thank you .
at home in home in new new york , i i am the head of the head of a the the the a of the a the the the a of a the the the the a of a the the the the a of a the , the the the the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the , uh ,
if if if if i do not , if i do not , if i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
well , in in in in our in our town , in which volunteers have to , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in which , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in our , in our , in , in , in our , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in
i i i i i i i remember , i remember my first fire .
i i i i was i i was was the the the second second volunteer at the , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but but it it it it was it was it was still was it was still was still a race race against the other of the other volunteers to get to to the responsible captain and find out what our duties would be .
when when i when i found the the captain , he he had just in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
it it was it was it was in the middle of the night in the in the middle of the night , and she stood in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the
the the the the the the the other the other the other volunteers , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who ,
i was i i was i i was i i was i i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i was , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
there there there there was was was there was was a a a a lawyer , a a a a lawyer , a a lawyer , or a , a lawyer , or a , a , a lawyer who now for the rest of his life , that people could tell people that he went to go to go to go to a burning house to to to save to save a living in a burning house to save a living , to save a living , to save a living , to save a life , for the
well , well , i i i was i was the next .
the the the the the captain of the the captain , the captain , the captain , he , he , he , he , he , he , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
he he he he he he he said , , , , , , , , " you , you must go to the house .
you you you must you must go to go to go to go to go to the top , past the fire , and you must bring this woman some shoes .
i i i i i i i i i i swear i do .
i i i i i i i i i i know what you you you think now , but i i am not a hero .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we carried our our our our our our treasure to the outside to the the , where , not , not surprising , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who ,
a few weeks a a few weeks later , the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
a one , above all , a , of all the , of all the , most of all , most of all , a kind , a someone had even brought her a pair of shoes .
both in my , in my , in my , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and do you you you know you you you know what i have learned ?
they they they they are all important .
so , so if if i , if i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
do do do not do do do do do do do do do do do not not wait do not wait to make a difference in the life of another until you have reached your first million .
if if if you have you have something to give , give it now .
if you serve in a in a soup kitchen , you will clear a park in the neighborhood ,
be be be a a a mentor .
not not not not every day not every day every day will give us a chance to save the life of a man , but every day offers us the opportunity to change one .
so so so so , you go , you go , you save save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
a a a a a a place where where the women have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and no no no no no no no no , it is not it is not burning man or san francisco .
ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this this this is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the world of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we , we are , we , we , we , we , we ,
that which means , we we we have we have a a a a common ancestor , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
well , well , well , chimpanzees are are known to be known for their aggression .
but unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , we have , we have , we have , we have , in the history of human evolution .
but but , but , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
while while , while , while chimpanzees of the great , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the , the , the ... of the ... the ... the ... the ... the
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
but unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , , , , the the the least known are the the the least known among the primates .
they live they live in the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it does not not , do not not not , do not not not be surprised , that the destruction of this destruction is also in danger of the survival of the earth .
and the , and the the the , and the the the drop of the , and the the the drop of the , and the the drop of the , and the the the drop of the , and even the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we are not , to be , to be honest .
and yet yet yet , in this in this this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a laughing laugh that the trees are shattered .
who who who who are are these are these relatives ?
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we know you as " love instead of war " , " because they have , as they , they have , they have , they have , also , with , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
i i i i i i i i i i do not i i i do not not not i i , i i do not not not not i i , i i do not not not not not i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
" ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ...
the game is not not the game is not just a game that doesn 't just mean it .
for us , and for us , and she is is a game of the game is a the the the the the the bond of relationships and the care of tolerance .
and we we learn to we to learn to trust and to learn the rules of the game .
the game is the game of the game is the is the the the the the the most of the the the of of the variety of the ... variety of ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
and and when when when when you watch , when you watch , you you you watch , you you you you you you you you you watch , you you you you you watch the , you you you see the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful ,
game game game is is the the the the the the the the the the the kitt that we are .
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
first a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so here , here we here we see a a a young young female and a a male in a the a a a a a the .
look look at what she does .
this could could this could could could be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
only that i i think i think he likes it more rather than , i don 't .
yes !
so , so , so , so , so , the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
but but the game is the game is a a a shape-shifter .
game is a is a a a is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to show to you , this is , is a young young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i i i i i i i i i i i think , just as you you we sometimes play alone , and we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we , we ,
and it it it it it is this is this , this is this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this is this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
this this this is this is is is but a a a a small taste of the a a a a little taste of the insight , which , in our past and the present , will grant us .
but but they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the the secret secret is the the the game is the the the the game is the key to these skills .
in in in other words , game is the game is our favorite .
to to to to to to successfully adapt to us successfully to to to to to a world that we must play .
but but will we will will will we will do the the the best of the best of the the the best of our family ?
the game is not is not is not is is not silly ,
it it 's a it , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
for for for the for of the , and for the , for for the , and for the people of the world , the life is not of teeth and claws alone .
just when when when it hardly seems , it may not seem to be a good time to play games at the most .
and so therefore , , , , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , and
thank you .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want you to i i i i want you to i i i want you to i i i want you to i i i want you to you to you to you to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so , two two two two two two two couples , each one is a baby .
now now , i i i do i i i i do not i i i i do not i i i i do not i i i i do not i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
just imagine that for just a moment .
and in this in this scenario , in this scenario , you imagine that in a case that , in a case , the sperm is wearing a a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
and in the in the other , in the the other case , the sperm is wearing an " x " that meets on the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they are both are both are both , they are both , they both are , they both are , they both are , they are , they are both , they are , they are both , they are , they are , they are ,
we we we we we will come back later we will return to these people .
with most of the most of my work , i i have two hats .
under a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in this , in this , in this case , i i have worked with i have worked with people , who have , who have , in , have , have , have , have , have , have , to question social standards .
so , for i , for i , for i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have worked with people with , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i , i have often i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and as a as a general term , we can use the word " the " " the " " the " " the " the " " the " " the " " the " the " "
in many many different forms .
i i i i i i i i i give only give you a a few examples of the possible types of , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in a case , in a , in a case , you might have someone with a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and that is why that is why the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but because because because because because because because because this individual , because this individual , this individual , the individual , the individual , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the body does not react to the testosterone .
and that that is what they call it , is called " a " .
so so much a lot of testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body , as a consequence , the the body is more evolved to follow the the female course .
when when when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she she she she is a a she is a a a girl , she is raised as a girl .
but it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it takes most of the time , it it it it takes , most of the time , until it reaches puberty , and it grows her breasts , and it , but it , but it doesn 't , but it doesn 't , it doesn 't , it doesn 't , it doesn 't , it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
and and they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they do , they they they they do , they they they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
although it is it it is it it it is it it it is it it it is it it it it is it it it it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it it it it that it is it that it that it is that it that it that it is it that it is it that it that it is it that it that it is it that it that it that it that it is it is it is that it is it that it that it that it
women women women women , like men , women , like men , have in in our bodies , have something they call a " a " .
you are you are in the in the back of our body .
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
most most most most women women women , as i i i i i i i i i i i i , most women , i , i , i , most women , i , i , i , i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
we we we we we we we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we are we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are
the the the the the the is is is that someone like me actually has a brain that was exposed to more than a a woman who was born with testicles , and has had a heart attack .
so so sex is is is is is really very complicated , and , not only are not in the middle of the sex of sex , in a certain way , can they be spread over the entire bandwidth ,
he he he had had had had had had had an extreme the form of a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
he he he he he he he , he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
and as a consequence , as his as a consequence , his his his , his , his , his brain was exposed to the the the most ... the most ... the most ... of the male part of the body .
and when when when when when when he was born , he he looked like a boy , no no no one ever knew .
and only only when when when when he was 19 , when he was 19 19 , he had had had had had had had had had had had enough medical problems , in fact , because he was inside , the inside , that the doctors found out that he was female .
okay okay , okay , just just one more quick example of a quick version of a " a " version of a " .
some some , some people , with , some , with , some , with , some , with , some , with , some people , with their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their , their ,
we we we we we we we do not not not we know not exactly why it is .
so sex sex so sex can , in many different different different ways ,
the the reason why , why , why , why , why children with this kind of body is it is , is it is , is why , that is , is why , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it , is it ,
in many many many many many many many many cases , these people are are perfectly healthy .
the the the reason why why , why , why , why in you , many different types of surgical procedures are often , is because they threaten our social categories .
the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so we we we so we we we have the the the the concept that being a woman is to have a female identity is to be a a black , a black , black , black , is it is said that it is , that it is , that , that , is , that , is , that , to have to have to have an african anatomy in mind to have in mind , in mind , in mind , in mind , in mind ,
so we we we have so we have this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this , this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
and when when when when when when we are faced with with a a a body that , for us , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , in the , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
so we , in our culture , we have , in our culture , we have a a a a lot of romantic , romantic , romantic , romantic ideas .
and and and our our our our our nation is truly is is truly based on a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
now you can now you can imagine how amazing it is when when children are born , who are two people in a body ,
when i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
many a many many many journalists have called to me with the question , " what test will you do , who who who will tell us whether or whether or whether or whether or whether or is the a female or male ? "
and and i i had to i had to i had to explain to the journalist that there is no such test .
we now we we now know that sex is complicated enough that we must admit that the nature of nature for us does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and male and male and female and female and female , we , we , of course , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , of course , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and that it is not not not that is not only is not only in relation to sex .
it is also also , as it is about race , which , as it turns out to be a much more complicated than the one that our master has let .
in the with of our , we , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in all the most , most , most , most , most , most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most ...
we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , we , for example , are to the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimpanzees .
what what what what what shall we to do to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
while while while while we we continue to continue our science to continue to continue to , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we we see that in all the possible areas of human life .
one of one of the areas in which we we see this to the the , in our today 's culture , in in the today of the united states , today , today , the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we we we we we we we we we have we have a difficult , difficult , difficult , difficult , difficult conversations about , at which point a body becomes human , so that he has a different right to be a different right than life .
we we we today we we we we we have very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
our our our ancestors , our ancestors , had never had never had so hard to fight with the question of when when when someone was dead .
you you you you you , you you , you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
if if if she did not move , she was buried .
but today , today we today we we we are in a situation where we extract people 's vital organs , and they want to take out other people .
and as as , as we , as we , we , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we ,
now , now , you you you could now you could you you could you you could you you could think that the all of the , you know , the , all of the , you , the , the , the , you , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
to to to to to to to to to realize that these the categories are are really much more than we thought , makes me tense .
and and it it it it it it makes me tense , tense in a way of thinking about democracy .
so so to tell you to tell you about this tension , i first must first confess that i am a a great big fan of the , uh ...
i i i i i i i i i i know you i i i know you i i know you you were , but you were great .
i i i i i i i i i think that you you were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you did that i , i , for all the years , , , , you , , , and , it is not because of the music , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it it it is because of what happened to the what happened to the what happened to the what happened with the , the , the , the ...
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
what she what she what she she she was she was was was was a a a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
as as as as as you all remember , our , , our , the , the , the , the , the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the masters of the old the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they had a concept of blue blood .
they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
now now , they now they they made that part because they were part of a the a system that two things in together .
the democracy , democracy , the democracy , the democracy , the democracy , but at the same time , the science grew .
when when you look at the the the history of the the the the the history of the , the it is it is clear that many of you were very interested in science , and you were interested in a the concept of a world of a more beautiful ,
they they they they went away from the away from the away from the away from the , of the , and they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and when , for example , when , for example , when you look at the the the declaration of the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
they they do not not not they do not not not speak not of god and the nature of god .
they they they talk they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as a part of it , she , as part of it , she , she , she , as part of it , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , as part of , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she
and with that , you have , in you have , in you have , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , you have prepared the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
you you you you you you you you you didn you didn you didn you didn you didn 't think you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what so what what what what happened years after that ?
and women women women and women , they have succeeded .
the next next next , the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we find men we find men in the in the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
again , again , people , different people , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we we we we we see the the the same the same the same thing in the , uh , the , uh ...
of , of course , of , the the problem is , , as we begin to look at all the things in common , we must begin to question why we must to maintain certain breakups .
well , , , , , , , , , , mind , , , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i , for for for , i , for , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so there are there are there are there are there are some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some ,
but but the the the the the challenge is to try to to find out what it is and why we keep it , and whether it makes sense .
so shall we come shall we come back to to to these two the two creatures who have been conceived at the beginning of the day .
we we we we we we we we have two two two two , two two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , two , in the same day in 1979 .
let we imagine that one of you , maria , was born three three months premature , she was born on june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich heinrich heinrich , on the on the other side , is born to , is born on march 1 , 1980 ,
just because of the the the fact that maria was born three months early , she , for she , for all the possible three or three months before the the the the the the the the the the the right to have the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich heinrich heinrich henry must must wait to wait for all of this , not because he , in fact , he has a different biological age , only because of the birth of his birth .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we will find to find other other other , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , about what your rights are .
heinrich heinrich , , since , since , since you you you are you you , as you you you believe that he is is is a male , although i i i i i have not told you that he is the one who is who is with a man , and who is , and who you , and you , you , that he is that he is that he is that he is that he is that he is he is he is , he is , he is , he is , he is ,
maria , , maria , , , , maria , , , maria , , , , , , , , , , , , , maria , , , , , , maria , , , , , maria , , , , , , , maria , , , , , , , , maria , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
heinrich heinrich heinrich heinrich can marry a a a woman in every state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states in a few .
so we so we we we we have so we have these , these , these , these , these , these , the , uh , permanent , permanent , permanent , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
and and for me , the the the question is , what will we do , since our science of our science has made such a great progress in the the the the the of the anatomy that we are about to admit that a democracy that could be based on the anatomy ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so where where are we going ?
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it seems that our our culture is , that our culture is , in a kind of a way , that , " well , we must we have to draw a line somewhere , so we move it somewhere . "
but but a a a a a a a a a lot of people are caught in a very strange position .
so , for for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , , , , , , , , texas , decided at a point , that to marry a man to marry a man , is that you don .
now , in the in the practice , people are not not to be tested not for their test results .
but it it is also it it it is also very , it is also very bizarre , because of the the story that i i first told you about the , uh , the , the , the , uh ...
if if we , if we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he he he he he says that we should not , we should not , not to judge people , not to , not to , to , not to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
and i i i i i want to say , " yes , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how how how how how do you do it in the practice ?
how how how how how do you judge people by judging by what they do ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so how how so how how shall we , how shall we to question the question of the qualities of the character ?
it it it it it it it it turns out as it really is difficult .
and and a part of i a part of i i a part of i i wonder , what if the contents of a personality would be something that would be , in the future , would be , in the future , would be seen by the by the by the by the by the ,
do do we really do we really want to go this way ?
i i i i i am not not i i i am not not i i am not i i am not i i am not i i am not i i am not sure where we go .
what what what i i i i i i i i i i know is , is that it seems really important to think about the the idea that the the us is the the the the the united states is the one who is the one who is to think of the questions of democracy .
in in in our our in our effort for democracy , we have done our cause well , and i i think we would do our cause in the future well .
the the conditions of this kind do not exist with us .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
" i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states have offered to allow people to be who they are , without that they should change for the will of the state .
that 's why that is why i i think that we must we must be the leader .
well , good , just to to to to close , i i i would like to see that i have talked a lot about the fathers .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
for years , for for years , for i have been for years , for i have i i have i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i i have i i i i have i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i have i have i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and one of one of the things that i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i really , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
what what what we have learned from from what we have learned from from what we have learned from from what we have learned from what is that in the study , is that women , on the average , are not not all , but , on the , on the , on the the the the average , the , the , the , the most complex social relationships , are are are more complex social relationships and the most complex social and the the people who , the the the the the the the most of the
and so , so that , when we think about it we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years years years years ago , when when when i was a i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
he he he he he he said , " tell me what what is the most beautiful female . "
and and i i i i i i i i thought , " well , that is is the the the most stupid question i have ever heard .
in the in the the in the the the the the the the is is is is is is is is is is is is to to dissolve the clichs of the sex , which is why there is nothing female about .
but the the the more the the the the more i i i thought , the the the more i i i i i i i thought , the the the more i i i i i i i i i i thought that there could be something in a woman in the
it is , it is , it is , it is , that it is , that is , is it , that is , is it , that is , is it , that is , is , , that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i , i , i ,
and , and perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps , is is that where we should to go in the future , if we to to think democracy over the anatomy of the body of the individual body , is to think about identity and more about relationships .
so that that , if , as as as we as the people , when we try to make a more meaningful connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i i i am i i i i am i i i am i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but before before before before before i show you what i have in it , i will i will make a very public public confession , and this is , i am obsessed with outfits .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i love it , i i i i love to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
but i i i i don 't i i don 't i don 't buy anything new .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i get i i get all all my my clothes from my second hand , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
ooh , ooh , thank you , thank you .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i meet i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i mean , what what what what will i find today ?
will it will is will it will it will be my my size ?
will i will i shall i shall i like the the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
if when all all the answers are yes , i i feel as if i have won .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i come i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i mean , what what what what what what what what what what what what what what does someone with so many outfits ?
so i i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will show you , i i will show you what i have brought .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i brought seven , i i i brought seven , i i i brought seven , i i brought seven , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
panties panties panties for exactly one week is all i have done in my suitcase .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and since , since since you you you have not not not you have not heard of me as the woman who is walking around here with ted in her underwear , that means i found some things .
and and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
does that sound good ?
while while while while while i do i , i i i i i , i i , , , i , , , i , , , i , , , i , , , i , , i , , , i , , , , , , , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
let let let let we begin with sunday .
i i i i i i call it that i call it the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you don you don 't you don 't have to not spend a lot of money to look great .
you can you can you can almost always look almost always you can look almost always look a great look for less than $ 50 .
this this whole this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece that i have been wearing this all week .
monday on monday , color color is a a a a bit of a color .
it it it is almost almost almost impossible to be almost impossible impossible to be in a bad mood when you wear your pants .
when when when when you are happy , you when you are happy , you attract other happy people .
on tuesday tuesday ,
i i i have i have spent a have i have spent a have i have spent a very long time of my life trying to try to be myself and to adapt at the same time .
just be just be who you are .
if if when you are surrounded by the right people , you will not only do not understand , you will , you will , you will , too .
wednesday on wednesday , embrace embrace your inner child .
sometimes people sometimes people tell me people people tell me i i look like i play " disguise " , or that i remind them of their favorite .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
thursday thursday thursday , confidence is the key .
if if when you think you think you you you you think you look good in something , it 's almost as sure as that .
and if if if if if you think that you you don 't look in something that you probably are right .
i i i i i i i grew up with a with a a a mother who taught me the day for day .
but only when when when when i turned 30 , i i really understood what that means .
and and and i i i will i will i i will i i will , i will , i will , i will , i will , i will , i , i , i will , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
if if if if if if if if you believe that you , in and out , you you are a a wonderful person , there is nothing you can not wear .
so so there is no no no no no no no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we we should we should we should be able to be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
on friday friday , a a a universal , a universal truth - - - five five words - - - the golden , the , the , the ...
and finally , finally , saturday , saturday , to to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
it it it it was always and i have always and have been proved to me that in this week when people came to me , just because of what i was carrying and i had great conversations .
obviously , obviously , it 's not that it 's not all that won 't all fit in my tiny little suitcase .
so before before i go home to go home to go home to go home to brooklyn , i i will return all this .
because the the the the the the the the the the the lesson that i myself try to learn this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i don i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i thank thank thank you very much .
thank you .
good good afternoon , all together
i i i have here i have i i i have something here i i want to show you .
think think think think this this is this as a " a " as a " a " as a " flying , "
that this is what what what we call in in our lab , what we call the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
let let let let let let let let let me tell you a little something about it .
a while ago , it was so that when you wanted to win a formula 1 , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and and if when the the the car and the the the the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
this would you , , in the , in , in , in , in , a , a , a , a , a , a ...
and basically , basically , is it is is a a system that is made of two parts - - - - a part of and a part of it .
what which is interesting is interesting these these these these are are are are interesting these these are these these are are are are the most interesting of the things that are about to begin to show up in our lives .
our our our cities our cities , in the last few years , have just been equipped with the most sophisticated and electronics .
they they they will become computers in the open .
and as and as as a computer , as a computer in the free , you begin to , in a different way , to react , in a different way , they are perceived and driven .
when when when we when we set up towns , it 's actually a big deal .
by the by , by the by , i would like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 / 50 % of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they are , they are are 75 75 75 75 75 percent of of the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
so so if if if we do something to do with the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities beyond the cities beyond the cities , all of the cities , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
this this is from this is from a from an exhibition , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it is it is " talk to me . "
well , now , all all all our all our objects , our our environment , begin to speak back to us .
in a in a sense in a certain sense , it is almost as if every atom out there will become both , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a sensor and a a
and and that , that , radical , changes the , radical changes the interaction that we humans have with our environment outside .
in in a way , in a way , it is almost as if the the the old dream of michelangelo ...
well , today , today today today , today , our environment begins for the first time to answer us .
i i i i i i i i i i will i i will only i will i will show you just to show you a few examples of - - - again , with the idea to see our environment and to see .
let let let let let let let let we begin to begin to to see .
now now , the the first project i i would like to present to you is in the truth is one of the first of our laboratory .
it was born four and four and a half years ago in italy .
the summer the summer summer was a happy summer - - 2006
it it was when when when when when italy , when italy , it was the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
some of some of you will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then , at the end of the day , in the the end of the year , in the the end , of the
and anyway , italy , italy has won in the end
now now now now you look at what what happened that day , only watching the activity that happens in the network .
here here you you see the the city .
you you see in the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the morning , before the game .
you you you you you you you see up there you see the the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
early in the early afternoon , people here and there , who make calls and move .
the game the game begins - silence .
france france france france makes a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
half half , the people make people make a short call , go to the toilet .
second the second half , the end of the normal season .
first extension , second .
in a moment , in a moment of the time of the death .
italy wins italy .
well , well , that that that that that night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you saw the the big , big rash .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the next day , they all went to the center to meet the the the and the prime minister at the same time .
and then , and then everyone went down .
you you you you see the the the the picture of the the the the the the the picture of the the the the the the the picture of the the the the , the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
well , well , that this is is just an example of how we can feel the city today in a kind of way that we couldn 't , a few years ago .
this is not about people , but for things we use and consume .
well , now , these these these these days , we know all we know about where our things come from .
this this this is this is a a a a map that shows you all the the chips a mac computer is a how you came together .
but but we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we know little we know little little little little we know little little little little little little about where things go .
so so so so , in this this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it 's going through the system .
so so we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and then we then we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
here here are the the the the results we just got .
from seattle seattle , from seattle ...
after a week .
with with this information , we we we have we we we have we we we have we we we have we we we have that there are a a a a a a a a a a a lot of energy in the system .
we we can we can we can we can can can do the the the the same things , in fact , with less energy .
the data the data data was not available before .
but but this is what happens is a a a a a a a lot of the most dangerous , and complicated things .
the the the the the other thing , but is that we , we believe that when every day we see that the the the the the the cup that we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it still is somewhere on the planet .
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the we we we we we we we we we we we we throw every day we throw we still we throw away we still we throw away , we still stay there .
and and if if if if if if if we were to show this to to the people , then we can we can move on to a more ...
so so this is is the reason for this project .
and and the the first project the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago , we did in the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the first project is something that we did a a couple years back in the , a couple years back in the , in the , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in
it it began with began with a a question of the the the the the mayor 's the the the the who came to us and he said that spain , and in the the the the , of the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and the the question the question was , how could you connect technology , new technology with it ?
and and and one of the one of of the the ideas that was investigated by in a ... a ... a ... a ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... and the ...
they they cause they cause something like a , like , a ... like a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
if if if these , if these , if you can , you can write , you can , if you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you , you can , you can , pictures , images , lines ,
and and and you you you can you you you can you you you can you you you can you you you can you you you you can approach him , and he will open himself to to let you see in this picture .
well , well , we we , we have we we have the the the the the mayor , the the mayor , the mayor , the .
he liked it very much .
and and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we were the we we were the we we were the we we were to have the order to design a building at the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the expo .
we we we we we we we we called it the it the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the whole the whole building was made of water .
there there there are no no no no no no no no no doors or windows , but if they approach him , it will open and let you in .
the the the the roof was also covered with water .
and if when if when it is windy , if if you want to reduce the , you can even lower the roof .
no no no no no no no no no no no , they they did not not destroy the the building , it 's just that the the the architecture is almost almost gone .
here here here you see you see how the the building works .
you you you you you you you you see the the the the person who is wondering what is happening inside .
and here here here you you see you you you see me , when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not to get wet .
well , well , should i should should should i should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , actually , it was actually , that that night , it was was a even greater fun .
all all all all all the children of the from all the children of the the the the children of the , of all the the children from the in the , the the , the the the the , the the the the the the way they played with the the the building , it was very different .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , no , no , no , no , no .
and that that that that was , that was , that was , that was , that was , that was , for us , that was , for us , was , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but but the reality reality is always the reality is always unpredictable .
and and this is this is is the beauty of to create things that are used and interact with people .
here now here is now is now a picture of the the building with the the the the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and and this this this is is what it has brought us to to think about the the the this project i now show you .
imagine imagine , imagine , in front of these , you could really start flying .
imagine imagine , you you you could have little helicopters that fly through the air , and each one of you with a a a little , with a little light with light , almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here here is the video .
imagine imagine imagine imagine a a a a a a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , who moves with others , completely in sync .
you you can you you can you can have this cloud .
you you can you you can you can you can you can have some sort of a kind of a ... a sort of a ... a ... a kind of a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a
or or or , but , not , but , in three , in three dimensions , in which , what changes , is the light , is not the position of the , uh ...
you you can you can play with different kinds of different ways .
imagine if , in front of the screen , could could could just appear in different sizes or sizes in a different kind of a different kind .
but but then , then , this could could could this could could , could this could , could it could , could it could , could it could be a a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
here here you you see a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a real
when when you turn on the the light , it looks like so , just like we saw it before .
imagine imagine that every single one of people is controlled .
it it could it could could could could have any one of every one of every one of the one , every one of them , could have an impulse that comes from people , from the movements of man or something .
i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i i i want to show you something here first .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we worked with , we worked with roberto roberto , we worked with , one of the the the best of our time - - the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
here here you see , you see , you see roberto , you see roberto , you dance .
on on on the left , on the left , you see the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
at the same time , it it is is a a a a a , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is it is , it is , it is , it is it is it is , it is , it is it is , it is
so so that you can understand the whole movement .
you you you can you you can do this all the time .
but then then , when once once we have all , once , once we all have all , they can play with it and play with the color of the motion gravity and the ...
we we we we would like to use that as a possible a possible , a possible impulse to use it for the , uh ...
i i i i i i i want to show you the the latest project we are working on .
it it it is is is something that we work for the the the the olympic games in london .
it it it it is called the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the idea is , in turn , in , in the that we bring the people back in to do to do something and to change the the the environment - - - - almost as we call it , how to put in a cloud of a cloud , but with a cloud .
imagine imagine imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity for a charity .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think that the the the the the the the the most remarkable of the events of the past years , that for the last decades , we have changed from a physical to a to a ... to a ... to a ... to a ... to a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
that that that it has it all , it has everything , everything , knowledge , and makes it open to the internet .
today , for today , we can for for for for for for for the first time , we can from the the the digital world , from the the the the the the the the the the the most powerful forces of the networks to the physical world .
that that can , in in in in in our case , that we can use it to make a symbol and create a symbol .
that that means something something that is built in the city .
but but tomorrow , tomorrow , it can tomorrow it can to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to , to to to to to to to , to to to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
so the so the the idea is that we , in fact , we are to include the people in where they do things together , the collective .
the the the the the the the the the the cloud is is a cloud is a a cloud of particles .
and and and these , these , these , these , these , these particles , are are water , while our a cloud is a a cloud of a cloud of the a the of the
it it it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
you you can you you can you can you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can actually see it from down below , share the most important moments for the , in the of the , in the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the most important moments of the , the , the , the , the , the
so both , both both , the the the the the the the the the the physical the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you can you you can go in .
and and a some kind of a kind a kind of a kind of a kind of digital , a kind of a kind of a digital , digital , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
thank you .
as an artist , i , as an artist , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
through my , through my work , i try to to express that , through my work , i i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first first first i was i was i was i was i was i was i was in the , i was in the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i , i was , i was in awe .
my my my my my my my my heart , my my my heart was , my i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they are born born born born born born born born , born as a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the a the
every iceberg has every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they they they interact with , in the most , in a certain way , with their environment and their experience .
some some some who refuse to surrender and to to to to to to to to to to the bitter end , while others will no longer endure it , and in a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
when when when you look at an iceberg , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you think you think you you
but the truth the truth is the truth is far away from it .
while while while an iceberg is melting an iceberg , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i breathe in his the atmosphere .
during the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it is not is not is not death is not death not death , when it is not an end , but it is a the a a a a the of a the a the of the the the the the the the the the a the the the the a the the the the the a the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
a a part of the part of the part of the in the in the the the the the i i i i i i , is a very young , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of a part of
and and a part of a part of the a part of of the is more than 100,000 years old .
the last the last of the last images i i would like to show you , show you an iceberg that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
very very rare very rare , in fact , you will witness to the witness of a very , very , very , very , very , very , very rare .
here here you see now you see it .
on on the left , on the left , you see a small boat .
that that is about 5 meters long .
please , please , please watch the the the the the the the the the the the the shape of the iceberg , and where it is at the the ...
you you you you can you can see here , he he starts rolling , and the the the the boat moved to the other side , the man is there .
that this is is is the the the average the average the size of a the average size of a man .
he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
and and this this video this video is in real time .
and just , and just like that , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
thank thank you , thank you .
my my my my my my my my my my my life is is is truly truly truly truly , truly , truly , truly , truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but but with the the the the the the the the the the the coolest thing i 've ever worked on , it was about this guy .
his his his his his name is , is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
i was , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
then one day , one day , one day , he came back from walking and he said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and and that that that was was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i am , i am .
he he can only he can only use his eyes .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so we therefore we have therefore we have therefore decided that we have decided to support tony and to support his cause .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i met with my i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
what what what will what what will you will do with it ?
and and his his his his his his brother , he said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i only i i i i i i i i i only i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and he he he he he he he said , " no , only if you listen to the higher and has a remarkable insurance policy , you can really do that .
normal normal people , ordinary people , these devices are not not accessible . "
and i i i i i i i i i said , " how do you communicate now ? "
has anyone has has anyone seen the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
so so so they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run along .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so i i came i came with the i i i i i i came with the i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
because it it is it is it is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i met these people , these people , these people , these people , these people , these people , these people , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , i , they , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so so so they move , they move , and they move around , and they make like these .
they they say they say they say that all the things that are being reported up there , are following a ... a ...
it begins it begins with the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but there there was always there was always there was always there was a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
that this was was the the beginning of the journey .
and about two , about two , about two , about two years later , about a year later , after a a lot of organization and a lot of things , and we have achieved some things .
first , first , we , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the insurance we we we we we we we we we we we we we
that that was was incredible .
and and he he he he he he he he is he he he he is he he , he he he he he he he he he he is , he he he he he he he he he he he he , he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
we also also also also also , we have we we have , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
my my my my wife , my my my my my wife , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my wife , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my wife , my my my my my my my my my
many many many many of our friends , many of our friends , many of our friends , many of our friends , we , we , our friends , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but for for for over two weeks for for over two weeks , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we , we ,
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
this this is this is a a a a cheap pair of cheap sunglasses we bought at the the the , uh , the the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we we we we we we we we we we took a we took a a a , we took a a a , we took , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
so so we we we we we we have created a a ... a ... a that is completely free of limits .
no no no insurance can no insurance can no insurance can go to .
no no no no hospital , no .
now , any any of you , in any of you , can , in any way , can , in any way , can , in fact , communicate with his eyes or draw .
thank you .
thank thank thank you , thank you so , thank you very much , it was incredible .
at the the end of the two weeks at the end of the two weeks , so we went back to the room .
i i i i i i i i i i i i love this i love this this picture , because it is the room of someone else , and this is his room .
there there now there is now all this is the all of this the carnival before the great revelation
and after over a over a over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of planning , two and two , on , on and on and on and on and on and on , tony , he , for the first time , after seven .
and and this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is his life support , and he looks beyond his life-support system .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we we we we we have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and he he he , he he he , he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , for , for the , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
we had we we had we had we had we had to break into the parking lot , too , so we felt as well as a part of the , uh ...
at the end in the end , he he he he sent an e-mail to us with the content , " for the first time in seven years , i have drawn something .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i feel i was i i i was i was pushed under the water and finally someone grabbed and pulled my head up so i could breathe .
isn is it not is is it not is is it not is is it not that it is ?
that this is is is is something like the kind of thing that is , like , the kind of thing that this is , like , the , uh , the ...
it that keeps us at the bar , and it keeps us moving on .
and and and we we still have to have to do a much better job on this device .
it it it it it is an it is an amazing it is an amazing device , but it is the same as it is to a the the same .
and and and someone someone who has such a , so someone who has such a potential , deserves so much more .
so so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we are we we we we we are we we are we we are
ever since that time , we have received all kinds of recognition .
we we we we won a few a few prizes .
remember , it is it is free for free , none of us deserve it .
it it all comes from it all comes from our own pockets .
so the the the the awards were , " oh , that is fantastic . "
armstrong armstrong armstrong armstrong armstrong armstrong armstrong , over us , and then , in december , , , in december , , , , the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in december , , , , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and there , there , there will , there will be the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the the most the most the most the most the most the most the the most the most the most the most the most the most the the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most the most
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so , basically , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
all everything in this room in this room was impossible - - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the microphone , the ... everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - - you all here .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am not not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and that this question should , should that i , that i , that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i thank thank thank thank you , thank you .
so , i , i i i i write for children , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you can you can you you can you can you you can you you you can you you you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen a farmer .
today today , i i i i i i i i i i would like to to tell you about the circles and the , uh ...
well , well , well , an enlightenment is usually something that you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you you you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
this is this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a painting of a circle .
one of one of my friends one of my my friends , one of my friends made it - - - - - - - richard .
it it it is is is the kind of the kind of a complicated circle that i would like to tell you today .
my my circle of my circle began in the in the the the ' 60s in high school , in the , in , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , in the , in the ,
i i i i i i i i i was i i i was the the the one who was the the one who was the one who was the one who was , who was , every week in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , green and blue and blue , until a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a teacher , the a teacher who saved my life .
she she saved my she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teacher 's lounge .
she did that she secretly ,
she she did it for three three years ,
and and i i had to i had to i had to get out of the city .
i i i i i i i i i i had i had had a a thumb , i i i i had had i i i had i i i had i i i had a i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i found a i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
about about three or three or four years ago , i received a call from this teacher , woman , who said , " i need to see her .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
can can can you please can can can can please please come to ohio , please come with the man i know you have found him by now .
and and i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should i should say , that i have , and that i that i i would that you please hurry . "
well , well , the the the the the next day we were in cleveland .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
we we we we we we found one for you , we we we we we , we we we we found one for you , we we we found one for you , we we we we we we we took care of them , and we gave to to to to to take care of your family ,
it it it was something something that we knew to do .
and just as just as just as as as the the woman who wanted to to to to meet me as an adult , she , she turned into a box of ashes and was put in my hands .
what what what had had happened was that the the the circle had closed , it had had become a circle , and the the the the revelation of which i had spoken .
the the the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she she she she she saved my she saved my my life , and my my my partner and i saved yours .
and you you you know , this part of life , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he he he needs the truth and the truth and beauty , and i i am so glad that this has been so often mentioned .
he he he needs , he needs , he needs , he needs love and pleasure , and it is to us to give these things to us .
thank you .
imagine imagine a great big explosion , while they rise up to 1,000 meters .
imagine imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine , imagine an an engine , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
that that that sounds scary scary .
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i had i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i was i i was was the the only one who could speak to the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the pilot the the the the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not so far away .
you you could you could see , you could see manhattan .
two two two two minutes two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the the the pilot pilot pilot the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the pilot , the the the the the the the the pilot , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it 's not usually that it 's not usually not the route .
he 's he 's he 's he 's shut down the engines .
can you think of a better idea for you to think of a ... a more , a ... a ... a ... a ...
and and and then he he he he said three three three words - - the the the words i have ever heard .
he says he says , " prepare to impact "
i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i could i i could i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was gone .
i now i i i i now i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i learned that in a moment , everything is different .
while while i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
because when when when when the the the wine is the when the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the person is there , i open it .
i i i i never i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i never i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
the the the second thing the second thing that i learned that that that day ... and that was when we we were the george , the the the the george washington bridge , the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
i i i had had a good life .
in in in in in my my my my my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but in in my humanity in my humanity , i i have also given to my ego space .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and after and after , when i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it it it it it 's not not not it 's not not perfect , but it 's much better .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i haven i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it feels it feels it feels great .
i i i i i i try not to try not to i i i i i i i i i i i i choose to be happy .
the the the the the third third thing i i learned ... while the inside o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
you you can see the the the water is coming .
i i i i i i i said , " please , please , please go to the air . "
i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don don don i don don don don don i don i don i don i don
while while while while while we crash , i i had this feeling that , man , dying is not not scary .
almost almost almost almost almost as , as like , as if , for all of our lives , we will prepare for it .
but but it it was it was very sad .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i did not i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i did i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and this that this that this sadness that this sadness is that it is that it is that in a i that i only wish for one thing .
i i i i i i i i i only wish i i i wish i could i could see my children grow up .
about about about a a a month after that , i went to visit to a my my my daughter , my daughter - - - - not a very , very talented ...
... not yet .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and in the in the world , everything in the world made sense to me .
i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
more than more than anything , everything else , is my only goal in life to be a good father .
i i i was i i was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i have received another gift , i i , i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
my my my my call to all those who are flying today , is , imagine , the the the same thing that happens on your flight - please do not - but imagine it and how would you change ?
what what what would what would you do you would do that would you you would do that would you you would delay because you think you would be there forever ?
how how how how how would you change your relationships and change the negative energy in it ?
and more and more more than anything , are you are the the best parents you can be ?
thank you .
the the the the idea behind the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we we we do not we do not not want the iran to build the bomb .
the the most important most important post there for the the development of nuclear nuclear weapons is the the the most important in the world .
the the the the the the the the the gray , the the the gray boxes you see here , they are , they are ,
if if if if we now , if if we can now , if we can now , if we can now , we can , in which we can , in fact , create a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray , gray , gray , these gray , gray boxes , they do not not , are , are , are not , are , are , are , are , are , based on a completely different technology .
but if if if if if if if if if we can , if if if we can , if if if we can , if we can , if we can , that a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and this is this is is the the planning of planning on going back to ...
so we we shall begin with a we shall begin with a " a " a "
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this this is a piece of cake , is it ?
i i i i i i i i i want to tell to tell you how we found out .
when when when when when we began our our research to , six months ago , when we began our research , when we began to began our research , in the first six months ago , was was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was ,
the the only the only thing that we we knew is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and and it it it seemed it seemed a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little something , with these gray boxes , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
this this this , this , this , this , this , and we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and then and then something strange happened .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
that that that that made in my eyes made no sense .
and and and after , after we had experimented with different types of of cheese , i realized that this was an assault that was not .
fully fully fully focused on a certain purpose .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the , the the the , the the , the the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and if if if if not , then if , then , then , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
so , so , this it really did this really , it really did , that it really , that it really , that it really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , and we started working with it , almost around the clock , because i thought , well , well , well , well , we don 't we don 't know what the goal is .
it could , , for example , we say , for example , that , for example , it could , , for example , could it , could , , for example , say , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so so we better we better better we better soon find out what the target is .
so so so so , we we , we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
and we we , we also , we also , we also , we , we , too , we , we , too , we , we also , we , we , too , we , we , we , we , too , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , too , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , too , we ,
they they they they they knew they knew all they knew , all of the , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
you probably probably you you you probably even knew the the the size of the shoe .
so you so you knew you knew everything .
and , and if , if you have have you have have have you have , if you have you have , that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it it is is far more much more challenging than anything we have ever seen .
here here here you you you you see a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a look from this , uh ... this is a ...
we we we we we we we are here we are speaking of - - - about , like , 15,000 lines code .
looks pretty pretty pretty pretty much like the old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to tell to tell you how we were able to be smart from this code .
so , what what we we were first we we were first looking for was what we were first looking for , what we were looking for was the first thing that we were looking for , were they were , they were , they were , they , because we know , we know , we know , what they do .
and and and then we then we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
so so so so so we we we we we we we had to have had to have to have theories about these goals that we could have proved , or we could refute .
to to set up these theories , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
well , well , in this area , there are not not several thousand goals .
basically , basically , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it , it is , it is , it is , it , it is , it , it , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it , it ,
so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i said to to to my my my my my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts of the experts who are the experts of the and the experts who are from our "
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and that that it worked very well .
so , so , we it it it was we we we were able to connect to the little digital warhead with the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
the the the the the the the the is the this the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and when when when you manipulate the speed of this is , when you , in fact , you can actually be able to crack the , you , and , finally , to make the centrifuge explode .
what what what we have also we have also found is that the the the goal of the attack was indeed , to let it slowly and so , to let it , slowly and so that it , in the attempt to make it so that they would not be able to come quickly .
the the the the the the great big , digital , digital , the we have received a glimpse of , by we , we , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
so , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , the number of , the number , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so that made it made sense , it made sense , it it was it that it was it that it was it that it was together .
and and it got even better .
these , these , the , in iran , these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and guess , guess what what we found in the the the the what we found ?
a almost identical structure .
so , again again again again again , that it was really good together .
and and and this this this this this gave us great confidence for the that we have here have examined .
well , well , , don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don don
these results , these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often , we often we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
anyway , anyway , we found out that we both found out that both digital digital warheads in the real reality , and the same target , but from different directions .
the the the the little the little the the the little the the the little the the the little the the the little the the the the little the the the the the the the the little the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the little the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the little the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the little the the the the the the the
so , so , in the in the great and all , we are we are very confident that we have , in fact , we have what the goal is .
it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is
so so so so so we we don we have no need not to worry that other other targets could be met by a group of men .
here here here here is something something really , really cool , really cool stuff that we discovered .
down there down there is the the the the the the the the gray box , and up there , you see the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
now , what what what what this thing does is what it does is that it is the the the incoming data from the sensors , for , for example , is , what it does is , what it does is , is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it
and in fact , in fact , in fact , , this is the wrong , the false , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
so so so so it is it it is it is it is just as it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is
that that that that that that that is is cool , isn 't it ?
the the the idea of this is obviously not is obviously not only is not only is it that 's not only is it that 's the only way to outsmart the control room .
in fact , in fact , it is , it is is much more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is that the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we we we we we we need to need digital digital digital digital digital digital where a human security system can can can not react fast enough .
so , in a in a a in a a a power plant , for example , when the the the great , the great , the great , the , the it is , you have to have to open the inside of the inside .
of course , of course , of course , this cannot cannot cannot cannot be done by a a a human , a human being .
so at this point , we need to need digital security systems .
and and if if if if they are in danger , bad things can really happen .
the the power plant can explode .
and and neither neither neither neither the nor the security system will notice .
that that that that that that is is scary scary .
but it gets worse .
and what what what i now say now is very important .
think think , think , think , this this attack is , this is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
he has nothing he has nothing he has nothing to do to do with nothing special to do with , with , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
so so , for example , he would , for for for example , would he , for example , would , that he would , for example , would work so well as well as so well as in a " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
it it it it it it it it it is it it it is it it is it .
and and you you don you don you you don you don you don you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you don you you you don you you don you you you don you you you you you you don you you you you you you don you you you you don you you you you you you don you don you you you you don you don you you you you you you you don you you you you you you don you don
you could also , you could also use a could use a common , ordinary , common technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as you can .
and when when when when you do you you you do , you you you will finally get a a a a , , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
that this is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the that we must face .
so , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , the the the greatest number of targets for such attacks is not in the middle east .
they they they are they are in the in the the united states , in europe and japan .
so so so all all all all these green , all these green green , these are the , these are the , the , uh , the , uh ...
we we we must we must we must face the consequences , and we better start preparing for ourselves .
thank you .
i i i have i have a question .
ralph ralph , ralph ralph , there was a lot of reports that people think that the mossad is the most responsible .
is is is is that what you you think ?
okay okay okay okay , you you you you you you really want to you you really want to know ?
okay .
in my opinion , in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so so , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
there there is only there is only one , and these are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
because otherwise otherwise otherwise , our problem would even be bigger .
thank thank thank thank thank you for that you you have scared the hell out of us .
i i i i i i i i have spent the last few years spent the last few years spent the last couple of years , i have spent the last few years , i have spent to place myself in situations that are usually very difficult , and are kind of dangerous at the same time .
i i i went to i went to prison , i went to the prison , i went to a difficult time .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i worked in a i i worked in a
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i i i have spent 30 , i i have spent 30 , i have spent 30 , i have spent 30 , i have spent 30 , for 30 days , nothing but to eat this is fun at the beginning , a a a a a a a little bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when so when i i knew that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
some some of you may have heard some of you may have heard that i put an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but , aside from that , , it is a very good , very , very , very good opportunity .
do do do you do do do do do do you know how many people see how many people look at the look of these ?
a whole lot of a lot .
this is , by the by the way , this is is only the only the the most beautiful .
in spite of that warning so , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
if if if if you had asked me this , a a year ago , if if you had asked me , i would not have been able to tell you this with certainty .
but but but in the in the the the new new project that i am working on , my new film , we will examine the world of the marketing , the advertising .
as as as i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you you you know , i i had the idea for a movie .
what what i i i i want to do is a is a a film is a film that is a film that is is is a film that is is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film that is a film is a film that is a film is a film is
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so what what happens in " the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
now , this this this this this brand , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
these these people will these people will will will will be linked to the the film in eternity , forever .
and so so so so , so the the the film will , will the will , will the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i i i am i i am i am a i i am a a i i i am a a a i a a a a a a a a very , very , very .
that was more to the emphasis .
it it it was " forever forever , forever , forever . "
but but we we will not not we will not not not only will not we not only will not have not but we will not only have the not only not only will not only have the the brand x as the , but we will make sure that we will sell every possible category in the film .
so so we , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the the the greatest the greatest the greatest the greatest car you have ever had , the the the the the most the the the most the the the the greatest drink you have ever had , a attention of the the the the most ever pay .
so the the the the idea is to , aside from showing that the stamps are a part of life , actually , to get them to finance the movie ?
and we we we we we we we we , in fact , show the whole process of how it works .
the the the the goal of the film is the the the goal of the whole film is the transparency .
you you you will you will you will you will see the the whole thing in the movie of the , you will see .
so so this is this is is is the the whole concept , the whole film , from the beginning to the end .
and and i i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i would i would i would i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i would i would i i would i would i would i would i would i
you you you you know , it it it is funny , because when i first heard it , it is the ultimate respect for the audience .
but i i i i i i i don i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i don i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i don i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i don
have have have have you have a a a perspective i i i i i i i i i do not i i i i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
how how how how how how how how how how how much money is money is it needed to realize that ?
1.5 million and a half million .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i think it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
who who who who who who who who who who knows , when the the movie comes out , maybe we look like a bunch of idiots .
what what do do do do you what do do do do you think how you think the answer will be ?
the the the the answer will will most likely be " no . "
but but is is is is is is is is is is is is is is it a a difficult thing is is it a a difficult thing about the film or a difficult thing because of me ?
both .
so ... ... ... so ... means , doesn 't mean not so optimistic .
so , , , my lord , can you help me ?
i i can i i can i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we we must we must we must to think , to think , what what the stamps .
yes .
if if if you look at the people you are to see the people you have to deal with ...
there are there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it it it turns out , it it turns out it really meant , " we don 't want to have nothing to do with your film . "
and and just and just so just so , all these companies disappeared , one by one .
no no no no no no no no no no one wanted to have something to do with the film .
i i was i i was i i was i was i i was i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i was i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i was i was i was i i was
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you absolutely did not want to have absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i
especially in today , in today in the in of today , in this this , in this , this is , in this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
no no no no no no no no no no , that that was what i i thought was .
but , see , see , the the the the problem was that my idea had a fatal error , and that was this .
actually , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , it wasn 't the fault at all .
that that that that that wouldn 't have been a no problem at all .
that that would would have been okay .
but but what what what this picture is for is is a problem .
you see , when when when you enter into the , when you enter the , when you enter the , you enter the , you see , when you enter the , you , you , you , you , you , you see , when you enter the , you enter the , the , the , the , the , the , is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is this is is is is is one is one is one is one of one of one of the
i i i i i really really really like really i really like your your kind , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really , i really
that was the the the problem was the , the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the the , the the the , the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you you you you you know , we we we are now hearing a a lot of about transparency .
our our our politicians our politicians , our our our president , our , our politicians , our politicians , our politicians , our politicians , they say it , even our the our the our the our the our the our the our the our the the the the our the the the the the the the the our the the the the the the the our the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but when when when when when when when when when when when it comes to , when it comes to that it should be made , something changes .
well , well , well , , , transparency is fear is as frightening as this strange , strange bear who is still screaming .
she she she she she she she she is , she is , she is , she is , she is , she is , like , this weird , weird , weird ...
and and she she is also very , very risky .
what what else is is is what is it that 's a risk ?
a whole , a whole bowl of cool , cool , cool , cool whip food .
that this is very , very risky .
so so when when when when when i i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we want you to you to tell our story .
you see , when when when when when when i was i was a i , my my my my father , when he , when he , when i was i , when i was i i was a i , my my my my my my my my my my father , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
there there there there is your your your is your your version , there is my version , and there is the true version . "
so you see , you you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true version .
so what what they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
i i i i i i i i i have friends i i have friends who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , and i have i have friends who make little , little , the little , little , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , little , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , little , the , the , the ,
and and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my friends , my friends , who make the great , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant
and and and then , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my friends , my my my friends , my my friends , my friends , who , who , who , who , who , who , they , they , they , they , they , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and the the film is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so , how exactly exactly exactly exactly how exactly are we gonna we we we we gonna see , in the movie ?
every every time every time when when when when when i open the medicine cabinet , when i open the medicine cabinet , you will see the deodorant .
and and and every time every time i interview someone i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so maybe maybe you you should maybe you should you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and and then we then we we offer to offer one of these great , great , the ...
either " either " either " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " or " paradise " , " you will have the choice .
we we we shall we shall we shall we shall we shall we shall both shall , for both men , and for women , we shall , both , we shall , for we , we shall , for we shall , we shall , both shall , for men and for men and for men and for men , we shall , we shall be , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
that 's the the short version .
now now i can now i can now i can now i can answer all your questions , and i can give you a very , very , very clear .
we we we we we are we are a a a smaller brand .
as , as as as as as as as as as you you you have talked about the the the smaller films , we are as a brand , we are a challenger .
so so we we we don we don 't not have a budget like other brands .
so so so to do things like to do , you you you you you you you you you you you you you know , reminds people of --
in what in what words , what would you in what words would you would you describe the words you would describe as " the " ?
i can 't .
that that that that is is a a great question .
superior , superior technology .
technology technology technology technology technology technology is not not is not not the way to describe something that someone does under the armpits .
we we we we we we speak speak of bold , fresh .
i i i i i i i i i i i think , " fresh " is is a great word that this category really makes to something that , as opposed to " the smell of , "
it keeps you fresh .
how how can we we can we we can we can keep it a longer , we can keep it fresh , more fresh , more fresh , three times fresh .
these things have such things have a very , very delicate effect .
and and this is this is this is is a ... a ...
what what what what about what about me ?
i i i i i must i i i must i i i must i i i must i i i i i must i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i must i
i want you you to tell me something i want you to tell me about my badge .
how how how how how would you would you describe your brand ?
hmm , my , my my my badge ?
i i i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don don 't i don don 't know .
i i i i i really i really like i really like to really like beautiful , beautiful clothes .
woman , in the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , the ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s , ' 80s ,
well well well well well well well well well well , what what is the what is the , what is the , what is the , what is the , what is the , what is the , what is the , what is the , what 's the , what 's the , what 's the , what 's the , what 's the , what 's the ,
unique .
i i i i i i i i i i think the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i like i like i like many black , many black , many black colors , lots of black , and some stuff .
but normally , i usually i usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or a jewelry and stuff .
if if if if dan dan dan dan dan was a , he would probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
man man 2 : the the the the the brand i am is , i i would say , i would say , is the a fly that is .
woman woman , part , part , part , , part , part , i don 't know .
man 3 : i am i i i am the man of god .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i sell i i i i i i i i sell i sell
so i i i i i so i i i think i think that that this is my brand .
this this is this is is my my my brand in my my little , the , , my , the , my , the , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
man 4 : my my my brand is a fedex , because i was delivered .
man # 5 : brand , brand , a brand , a ...
can you ?
i am i i am a i i am a
i i i am i i i am tom tom tom tom tom tom tom .
well , well , we we can not we we can not all we can can not all we can not all can we can not all we can not all be the the the the the most , but i often see at the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of dark and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and what what and what what what what what is what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i need i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and so so so i i found a a company called the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
you you you have you you have you have , you have , you have , you have , you have , you have , you have , you have , you have , you , you have , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
if if if you you could do it for them , i i 'm sure you could help me .
you you you you you you you you brought your your pictures , you ?
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell just tell me just tell me a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a little something about how that is connected to your thoughts and feelings about you .
these are these are these are the the people who are the the people who are the who are the who are the who are who are the who are who are the who are who are who are who i am .
tell tell tell tell me about this world .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think , i i i i i think , i , i think , i , i , i , i , i , i , i think , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i think , i , i , i
all all all these things come and all these things come and all these things come and all these things come and they come from a place , and they come for me and they start with my family in west virginia .
what what what what what is the next is the next you want to talk about .
this was this was the most beautiful day of my life .
in what in what context is that in what is the meaning of the thoughts and feelings about you ?
it it it it is as is as i i would like to be .
i i i i i i like i like i like things that are different .
i i i like i like i like things that are strange , i like strange things .
tell tell tell tell me about the " why " why " why " why " why " what is it that brings us ?
what is the what is the what is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
why why why is why is it important , what is it what does it represent the red ?
tell tell tell me a little something about this part .
a a a a little bit more about you that are not you .
what other what other other , what other , what did you run through ?
in what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , no , no , thank you ,
thank thank thank you for your patience .
all right .
yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
there there were a lot of crazy crazy things going on there .
the the first the first what i i i saw was this idea that your two separate two separate two separate , but the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
they they are they are very well .
and and i i i i i i think i think there is almost a contradiction in that .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think i i i
what what what other other other other other brands are what do they do ?
the first one is a classic , apple .
and and you you can you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can see it here , too , target target , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
well , well , there , there there are there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are , there are ,
what is your badge ?
if if if if if if someone would ask you would ask you to describe to her , to describe her to her , to her , to her , to her , to her , what would she be ?
you you you you you you you you , you you you , you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
or are or are you you you you you you you are you you you are you more of a " a " ?
are are are are are are are are are are are are are are you something that is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
or are or are you are you you more like you are , you are , are you , you are , are you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
are you are are are you are are are you are are are you , you are , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are they are established , traditional , traditional ,
are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are you reliable , stable , stable , family , safe , safe , safe , safe , safe , holy , considered , considered , and wise , and wise , as the like the the the the the the the the the the the dalai lama or the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
over over over over over over over over over over over over over , over over over 500 companies , who were up and the " no " said , because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they they they they they they they they they , they they they , they they , they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
we we we we we we we we we went to sao paulo , to , to which we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
in the entire city , for five years , no no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the the the the incredible the incredible thing that i have for me is that the the the projects that i got most of the feedback , or where i had the greatest success , are those are those where i am with things directly .
and that this is what what what what what what those stamps did ,
because because you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
i i will i will i will i will i will deal with the the artist directly .
i i i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i i will i will work with him and i will do to do and to do something completely , something , something , something , something , something , something that makes people to think that our people to think that our the people to challenge to think that our the that our the our the our the world of our the world .
and and how how how was that for you ?
well , now , since since the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
according according to the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
this is , in fact , is only a period of 2 1 / 2 weeks .
this is just , it 's just , it 's just online , it 's not no press , no tv .
the the the film was not yet not yet was not delivered .
there is there is there is not even not even he is not even online .
he he he has not not yet he has not yet has not yet come out in other countries .
well , finally , in the end , the the the film has finally come to a very big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big .
and and that this is is not not not is not not is not is not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we 've talked to has recommended your clients to keep their hands off it .
something something something that i believe in is that when you take your chance , take risks that are in these risks .
i i i i i i i i i think if you stop people from stopping people from it , you bring them closer to failure .
i i i i i i i believe that , that , when you train your employees to avoid taking risks , you to prepare the whole company to get a profit .
i i i i i i have the feeling that we have to to encourage people to take risks at the the the the people we are .
we we we must we must to to encourage people to not to be afraid to not be afraid of the possibilities that you may fear .
finally , , at the end of the day , we should welcome the fear , we should welcome .
we we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome , welcome , welcome , welcome , and welcome , welcome to the risk .
each one a a big spoon full of each , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , finally , we should welcome , should we welcome the transparency ,
these these these these these these days , more than more than ever , brings us a little bit of honesty .
and that said , , with honesty , with honesty and transparency , my all of " welcome , " " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they " they
great big data will be the will will will be to be turned into great opportunities for organizations all over the world .
" welcome to "
thank thank thank you , thank you .
now , now , , , morgan , in the name of the transparency this , what exactly has happened to the exactly what has happened with the $ 1 million ?
that that that that is is a a great question .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
my my my my name is my name is , is is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
18 18 18 18 , 18 , 18 , 18 months ago , i did i did do something different from google , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and it took it it it it took for 18 months .
a a a a a a lot of a a a lot of a a a lot of a a a lot of a a a lot of , uh , a a a a lot of , uh , a a a lot of a a a a a lot of a lot of a a lot of a lot of a lot of a a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a
but but i i i will i i will i i will i will concentrate on the demonstration .
there there are a lot of a a lot of stories about why we did this .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think my my my my personal , my personal , personal , is is is is very simple with this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
i i grew up in india , i grew up .
i i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was
when when when i then , when i then i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and while while while while while while i was working for google , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
we then we then we formed a a team , a a great team , and we began this .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so you you just you just go to go to the , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you just , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
you can you you can you can look around in all these museums here .
there there there is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i even i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i even i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
you you come to two for two , for two , for two , for pure , very simple .
in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it it it doesn it doesn it doesn it doesn it doesn 't matter where you are , bombay , mexico , it doesn 't make any difference .
you you walk around and you go and have fun .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you want to go to the museum to look for ?
open open open open the card and jump with a click .
in they they are they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they want to go to the end of the gang .
just keep going .
look .
thank thank you , but the best is still coming .
so now now i am now i am now i am now before i , before i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i see i see i i see this i see this , this , this , this , this , this ...
if if the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the museum gave us the picture , click it .
this this this is now is now one of the one of the images .
these are all these are all of these , these are all , uh ...
those those of those of you who are truly interested in art , can can can click here , but i i am now i am now to remove this .
this this this this is one is one of one of the one of the images that we have held with the so-called " the " the " the "
this this picture , for example , this picture , for example , has , for , like , has , like , 10 billion , i think .
and a a a a a a a a a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ? "
i i will now i will now i will show you this .
you you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can go in very easily and you can go in .
you you you you you you you you you you see something funny something funny here .
i i i i i i i i i i love this this guy , i love his look is priceless .
but then they really want to really want to go deep .
and so so so so i i i started to play around , and i i i realized something was going on there .
and i i i i i i i i i i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it seems it was rather popular .
i i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i don i i don i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don
to to really to really get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just just to give to give you the , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , to
here we here we we we were here , and this is the painting .
the best the best is the best , but still - - in a second .
let let let let let let let we jump to jump to the north , to new york .
another another one from me , another , from me .
in the last example of the previous example , it was about finding details ,
but what what what what what what if what if you want to see the , you want ?
and what what , what what , what , what , what , when you want to see how van van gogh created this masterpiece ?
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you can you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
i i i will i i will i will i will i will in one of of my in one of of my , i will zoom in on this picture until i am really with the cracks .
this is this is this is this is , this is i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
now now now i will now i will now i shall i shall show you my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my dearest function .
there are there are many others , but i have no time .
that this is this is is is the the really cool part , it 's the it is , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
each of each of you , each , every - - whether rich or poor , if you have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you you you can you you you can you you can go , and you can build your own museum , you can build your own from all these pictures you can put your own collection of .
simple , simple , you go you go in and i have created this , it is the the power of the zoom - - you can go in .
this is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you can you you can you can you can you can you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , by all by mistake , you can send anything with notes , to send your friends , and such a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think , in conclusion , i , for i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i think , i , i , i think , i , i think , i , i think , i , i think , i think , i , i think , i , i , i , i
you , you , i , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , i , you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
maybe i shouldn 't maybe i shouldn 't not .
they come from the artists .
and and that it was a it was an experience in humility for me .
i i i , i i i , i i i , i i i , i i i i , i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and yet is the the the is the the the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the question is is is is is , " did you did you to replicate to replicate the to replicate the to replicate the to replicate the the the to replicate the the the to replicate the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the answer the answer to that is no .
i want it to supplement the experience .
that 's what this is about .
thank you .
this this this this is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
that this is is the the left half the left half , which is the the the the the logical and the the right half , which is the the left half , which is the most logical side .
if if if if we had had a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
for for example , for example , would be this someone who would be that someone who is completely logical .
this this this would be someone who would be someone who would be , who is completely intuitive .
now , now , now , where where where where would you put your brain on this scale ?
some some of us , some of we may have may have decided to one of these extreme , but i i think that for most of the people in the audience , your brain , it looks like this , with a very high , very high , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
it it it 's not not it 's not it 's not as if they 're both exclusive or something .
you you can you you can you can be logical and logical and intuitive .
and so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but at at the same time , we need a good share of good intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love to play with things .
so so we we we we we we we go we we we go we we we go out and we play with it and then we we we we go we we we we we go we we we we go we we we we we we we go we we we we we we we we we go we we go we we go we go we go we we we we we go we go we go we go we we we we we we we go we go we go we go we go we go
basically , they do the same thing .
so so so so one of the one of the the , the one that you have developed over the years is probably that one thing at the same time can only be in one place at a time .
i i i i i mean , it it it can it it it can it it it can it it can it it it it it can it it it can it that it can it can it can it that it can it can it can it can it that it that it can it that it can it that it can it that it can it that it can it can it can it can it can it can it that it that it can it can it can it can it can it can it can
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i
he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was just a little , not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and this this is this is is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a great , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it it would it would be a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and when when when when when they play with their , they play with and they play with all the strange , strange things , like that they fly straight through walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
and so so so so , they all wrote up all of these , they wrote down all these observations , and they they called the the the the the the the the theory of the , uh ...
that was was the the the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but but you you you didn 't you you you didn 't you you you didn 't you you didn 't need to to to to to describe the the the the great , the the the great , the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the great , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that that my my my my my my my i i didn not i i didn 't like that i didn 't like that , and maybe it just because i don 't play with things so often .
well , well , i i i i sometimes i play with you sometimes , but not very often .
and and i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have never seen you .
i i i i mean , no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no one has ever seen a ...
but my my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
because if when if when all all the things that all the things that all the things that all the things in the matter , and all those things that follow the the the the rules of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh ,
i i i i i i i see no see no reason why it shouldn 't be so .
so i i i i would i i would i would feel i would feel i would feel i would feel i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so so so so so i i i i i i i i , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a couple of years ago , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
this this this is this is is is the the the first object you can see that was in the the the the the the the first of the that you could see , that was in the the the the most beautiful ,
so what what what what we look at here is a is a tiny , tiny computer chip .
and and and you you can you you can you you can you can you you can you can see this green , green dot in the middle .
this is this is this is the piece of metal piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is a picture of the object .
here here here i i i , i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and here here here here is a a a a a really big , big , big , big , big , little piece of metal .
so what what what we look at is a little piece of metal , it is shaped like a stepping stone , and it is over the edge .
so i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i went a a a a a a a a a a a a a clean , clean , clean room with a new set of new , and i , for 100 , 100 hours of all the great equipment .
for for for the last , for the last i i i had to build my my own machine to build this , like a swimming pool , and to get that thing .
this this this this thing has it has that has it has the has the the the ability to be in the the the the most , but it needs a little help to do it .
look look , look , , let let me give you an analogy .
you you you you you you you you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i i i i i i mean , when when when when when when when when when i alone i am alone in the elevator , i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i do all i i i do all i do all i do all do all i do all the strange things , but other other other people , other people , other people , and other people , and other people , and other people , and other people , i
so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , what , is it ?
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and so so so we we we we we we we we we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal , that this piece of metal was acting like we had to throw out all of all the , we had to throw out the whole ,
and and and that we , then we did we did that .
we we we we we we we turned the the the light off the light , put it into a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so so so so we we measured his movement .
we we we we we we we we have determined that it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is .
instead , instead , that it it it is it , that the the way it was , as it was , was , as it was , as this is , it is , it is , it is , that it is , that it is , that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in when when we gave him a little push , we we could set it to vibrate at the same time , and not to vibrate , and not to vibrate , a little something that only is allowed in the air .
so what what what what what i i i i i i am telling you right now is what is is is is what is truly , truly fantastic .
what what what does what does it what does it mean to to to a an object at the same time and not to vibrate ?
let let let let let let let let us think about the atoms .
so , the first case , all all the the first of all the atoms of atoms that the piece of metal lie still there and at the same time , all the same atoms move up and down .
only only to the only to the the the only way they are , is they are the same .
the rest of the rest of the time , they are they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
it means that every atom at the same time is in two different places at the same time , which , at the same time , means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i i i i think i think i think i think that this is is really cool .
really .
that it was it was worth it was worth it was worth it was worth i for all this year in the clean room , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , for , in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , it , it , it , it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was
so if so , if if if a a a a a a a a a a a a a single atom at the same time can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i i i i mean , that that that is is is that is is is that is is only what my logical and logical side is saying .
so , so , you imagine that you would be in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how how how how would your mind , how would your consciousness , how would your body , how would it , that your body in the room , it would be ?
there is there is another aspect of the story .
when when we when we when we when we when we when we , we , when we , when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , that the the the the piece of metal was always there .
and so so so so so i i had to i i had to develop this new new intuition that it looks as if all the the objects in the elevator are actually are are really just objects that are in a small room together .
you you you you you hear a a a lot of talk a lot of talk about , as , as , as , uh , the , uh , the , the , you you hear a a a a lot of a lot of talk about the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
well , well , that that that is not is not that is not quite right .
there there there is more there is more there , there it goes deeper .
it it it it is so that these connections , their ties with all the things around them , literally , define who they are , and that is is the the the , and that is the the most , and that is the most , the most , the , and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the ,
thank you .
in in in the year of , in , in in in , in in in , in in in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in
it should it should be our goal should be that when , when families think about where they want to live and work , they are given the opportunity to choose between at least one hand of the many different cities that are all in competition for new residents .
at this moment , we we are we we we are far away from this goal .
there are there are billions of billions of people in the of the people who are not even a single city is at the disposal that would welcome them .
but but the the the the amazing in cities is that they are worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so we we we could so we could we could so we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could ,
that this may now may now may sound absurd to you now , if you have never thought about new cities .
why don , why don 't you just just switch to the building of apartments for the cities .
imagine imagine , the half of the people who want to live in apartments would already do that , the other half , but not yet .
you you could you you could you could you could try to expand the the capacity of the already to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
but but , you you know , you you you know , you you you you you you you you know what you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you would you would you would you would you would you would
so so it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it is it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
but but but you you could you could go to a to go to a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
later i later later i i found that , , about the same time , javier , and i i later i i found out that , at about the same time , i , javier , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in the summer in the summer of 2009 , in in the summer of ' 09 , in ' 09 , , in ' the summer of ' 09 , , honduras was suffering from a violent , violent , violent ,
at the the the next the the the next the the the the the the the the next , the the next , the the next , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he asked to to to to to to to to to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , in the meantime , in the in the meantime , i prepared for a lecture on the " the " " the "
by by by by improvement , to try , , and by the , by the investigation of the , i have tried to reduce this the a complicated concept of the charter city charter city to the essentially elements .
the the first the first point , is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the point of the first is is is the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we give to new new new technology , we give to new technology and new technologies , and it is usually laws that hold us back .
in the autumn of in the autumn of 2010 , a a friend of a friend from the , in the , in the autumn of , in the autumn of , in the , in in the autumn of , in , in , in the , in , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the autumn in the autumn in the autumn in the , in the , in the , in in in the autumn in the , in the , in the , in , in
he who , in turn , he who , in turn , showed him to javier .
they they they called me .
and and and said , " let , let we shall present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so so so so so so we we we met in , in december , in the in the , in the , in the , uh , the , in the , uh , the , the , in the , in the , in the , the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i have i i i have tried to try to make it clear how precious cities are , to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i used to use this , i i used this , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but it was it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was a rather a rather abstract discussion in a place when there was a pause ,
therefore , i i was asked by the the the i of the the the the i of the the the , of i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i was i i i i i was i i was i i i i i i i i was i was i was i was i i i i i was i was i i i was
so so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this this is this is a a picture of the city of denver city , and the the sketch is the the the new airport that was built in denver .
alone in this airport alone , this airport alone has a space of a 100 square miles .
so i i i so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
these are are more than 250 a thousand a thousand tomorrow .
polite polite , they all , they all , they all , they all , they all , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the faces of the audience 's faces were very serious and thoughtful .
the the head of the the the head of the the the the the the the the the the head of the congress of the congress came to the stage and said , " professor , i thank you very much for your lecture , but , perhaps we could we
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have it here on my laptop .
so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i have come to to to the i i , i have come to to to the i , that a new a new city that offers people new opportunities .
there there there would be the opportunity to to live in a a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles from the north .
and and and a a a a new new city a new city is also a new city that includes new opportunities for executives .
we we we we we we we we we we we we went into an area .
this this this picture is from this place .
it it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
and shortly after , on the , on january the the , on january 19th , you have voted to the congress for a change in the constitution , to have a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
in a in a in a a in a a a country that has just had a a a a a a a violent crisis that has just been in the congress that has been elected to a vote for this , uh , a ...
all all all the parties , all the parties , all the factions of society , have supported this .
in order to become part of the constitution , it must be approved by the congress twice .
on february 17 , february 17 , it was , for the the second time , with 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
immediately , just as , in this , in this , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the one place is the one place is south south of south korea .
this this this is is a picture of a a a picture of a a big , new , new city center , built in south south south south south south south of south korea .
all all all everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four four years to get the permits .
the the the the the the the the the the other place that was was very interested in the , the other place , who was very interested in the most , the is singapore .
there have already been two two two two cities have already been built in china , and the the third is in preparation .
so if if , if you , if you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
you you you have already you have already have already have a you , and you are already considering this area for the second city .
it it it it is is is it is already has been worked on a the system of a legal system , that it is allowed to participate in , and it will also be worked on an outside legal system .
a a a a a a a a a country has has has already offered to place his supreme supreme court in the court of the the the the court of the the the court of the the the court of the court of the the the court of the court of the court .
i also also also , i have a very , very , very interested .
they even they even bring in funding .
one thing one thing , as you already know , has already been resolved , there are many tenants .
there are there are many many many many many many many companies who would like to go to america in america , especially in a place with a , a and there are many people who would like to live there .
in all over the the world , there are 700 million people who show that they want to live forever in a different place .
a a a a a a a million millions of millions of people leave in a a year of latin america and go to the united states .
many many many of they are are fathers are fathers who are are are fathers who are are are fathers who are are are are fathers who are who are are are are are are are are are are are are the fathers who are they who are who are who are who are who are who are who are who are they who are who are who are who are who are who are who are who are who are who are they who are who are who are who are who are who are are who are are
unfortunately , sometimes , sometimes , sometimes even children , sometimes even children who try to find their parents , who they , in some cases , in some cases , haven not seen in a decade .
so what is what is is is is is is is is is it is an idea to think about building a completely new city in honduras ?
or , or even , or even to build even to build even to to build even to from the cities , or spread hundreds of them all over the world ?
so what is so what is is is is is is is is is it is an idea to insist that every family has a choice between cities that are in competition for new residents ?
this is this is an idea that is an idea that is worth spreading .
my my my my my my friends from honduras , my friends from honduras have asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you do do do do do you you know how how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
do do you do do do do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and also also also also , recently , a recent a recent study of a recent study of a study of the , uh , in which , for a week , , you were , uh , you were , you were , you were , you were , watching the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh ...
and and and these these scientists , these scientists , these scientists , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and and you you you you you you you you you have found that an average , average ceo is busy working on a job that week .
each of these , each of these , of each of these , of of , , , of , , each of these , of , , , of , of , of , of , of , of , of course , many , many , many , many , much smaller decisions .
50 50 % of their 50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
only only for , for , for , for , for , for about 12 , 12 % of your decisions , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think , think , think , think of your own decisions .
do do do do do do do you know how how how many decisions do you in the nine minutes you make in the category of those in one hour ?
how how good how good how good , do you think do you think you you are in to deal with the decisions ?
today today today i i i would like to talk about one of the one of the the the greatest of our modern times , the most beautiful .
i i i i i i i i i i want to i want to talk about the problem and i want to talk about some possible solutions .
well , now , when when when i talk about this problem , i i will ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if if if i ask you a question , you raise , as i am blind , only the hand , if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
thank you .
when when when i when i was a i was a a i was a a at the stanford university , i went to this very very , very , very , very exclusive grocery store , at the very , very , very , very , very , very it , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
it was it was a it was a a it was a a a a a a store called the " the " the " the " the " the "
this this business , this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had they had , they had , they had 250 different kinds of two 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , and over 500 different kinds of fruit and more than two dozen different kinds of fruit and two dozen different kinds of water , and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i loved i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i loved i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this is here is the olive oil hall .
they they they had had over over 75 different kinds of 75 different kinds of different kinds of olive oil , including those who were locked in boxes that came from thousands of years old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old .
so so i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and he he he he he he he he he pointed to the the the the of the tourists who came every day and used to have their cameras .
we we we decided we decided we decided to do an experiment , and we decided we decided to make a jam for our experiment .
this is here is this is this is is your this is your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your ,
they they had , they had , they had , they had different kinds of different kinds of jam .
we we we we we we we we we we we have a a a a little a little , little , little , we have set up in the front of the business .
we we we we we we we we we we we we have there we we we have there , we we we have there , we we we we have there , six , six , six , four , four , four , four , four , four , four , one , one , one , one , one , which one , i , which one , which one , which one , i , which one , i , which one , i , i , which one , i , i , i ,
there are more there are more there are more more more people who stand when there were more than more than there were six , about 40 % .
and and then afterwards , we and we , we , in which case , in which case , in which case , people would rather buy a glass of jam .
now now we now now we have now we have now seen the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most
of the of the people who stood stood when they were 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of jam .
of the of of the people who stood there when there were six , well , now we now we have now we have seen that 30 % of you actually bought a glass of jam .
well , well , if , if you , if you , if you , the people , for six times , they bought a glass of jam , who they had six to choose as if they had 24 choices .
well , well , to to to to choose not to to to to not to to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it is good for our , it is good for our , but it turns it turns out that the , that the , in fact , is also , is also , that , that , in a very , is that the most of our very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we do not not to decide , even if it is against our own best interests .
so , to the topic of the day , to save the financial .
i i i will now i will now i will now i i will now i will now i will now i will now i will now i will now i i will now i will now to describe to you a a a study which i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and what what we what we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
and and and we we we we we we we we found out that in fact there was a connection .
so so in in in these plans , we we had , we had , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and and what what we found out what we found out was that the the more the more the funds were offered , in fact , that , in fact , that , in fact , that , in fact , that the participation was less a less .
now , if now , if you now , if you look at the the the extreme , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the plans that the two of the two of the two of the fund , they , they had still had a in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the in the in the the the plans , which , almost 60 , 60 , , , , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now now it turns out that even if even if you , if there were more opportunities to choose , even then , even then , it has negative consequences .
so so so so so , the the people who the people who decided to participate in , the the more the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the more they were to avoid to avoid to choose the stocks and the funds .
the the more the more the more the more the the more the the the more the the the the more the the the the more the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the the
none of these no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no
well , now , in the for over the last ten ten ten years , we have , in for in the last ten years , we have , for in the last ten years , we have , we have have , in to have , in the , we have , we have , in to have , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , we have , we have , we have , we have , in
you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
they they they make they make rather worse , they make worse , they make worse , worse , worse , worse , worse , worse , worse medical decisions .
they they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
the the the the the main reason for this is that we may enjoy , we may enjoy to see these huge shelves full of mustard , mustard , vinegar , vinegar , vinegar , vinegar , and jam , but we can not , we can not , we can actually , can choose from the fantastic offer .
so , what what i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
first of all , limit .
you you you you you you you have heard it before before , but it has never been more true than today that is less .
the people people people are are always worried when i say , " limit . "
you you you you you always worry you always worry that you will lose you .
as as as as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as , as proctor and proctor , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
when when when the the the golden cat , the the golden cat corporation , the the the golden cat corporation , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you know , the average average , average , average , the average , the average , the average , the average , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
a a a typical walmart , a typical walmart , is now offering you 100,000 products .
but but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
every every every single single harvard harvard employee , now automatically takes part in the most part .
those who who who really want to really want to make a choice are offered 20 , not 300 or more funds .
you you you you you you you you you know how people often say , " i don i don 't know how to limit it .
they are all are all the important things . "
and the the first the first thing i the the first thing i ask is , " tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and and if if your your your your employees , if your employees can not tell you , your customers can 't . "
well , well , before before before before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and and and gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary gary said that he he was willing to offer to offer to to to offer to all the people in this audience a paid paid , paid off a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here here is a a description of the street .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would like to i would like to read to you to you this .
and now now i now i now i give i i give i i give i i i give i i i give i i give now i give i give you i give you a a few seconds to read to you , and then i i i i ask i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will ask you to clap you when you are ready to take gary 's offer .
okay , everyone who is willing to take gary 's offer .
are they all ?
all right , well , let let let let let me show you a little more of this .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , well , who who who is who is ready for this journey .
i i i i i i think i may have heard i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , the fact is that you , that you , in the the the the the first time you had more information than the second time , but i would dare to suggest that you felt more real the second time .
for for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the images made it feel more real for them .
what which which which brings me to the second technique that will help you to deal with the the problem of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
it is is is is it is is is that it is is is that it is is is is that it is is is that it is is that it is that people to to understand the the the difference between the possibilities , to understand the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the consequences of the consequences of the
why why why why why why do people , average people , spend 15 to 30 % more , if they use a credit card or a credit card as in cash ?
because because because it it doesn 't it it doesn 't it it doesn 't feel like we don real money .
and it it turns out , it turns out that if you can make it , that something that feels , it it is a very good very good tool to make people save more .
and and while during this , during this this meeting , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
the the the the the the the the the the little thing that we have , the the the little thing that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
the the the third technique , the the third technique :
we we we we we we we we can better we can better deal with more in more categories than with more of the , uh ...
here , for , for example , here is , for example , a a study that we have done in a study that we have done in a
it turns out , it turns out it in the the in the the the , the in the the the , the the number of different types of different magazines from magazines to the top , and down in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the
but you you you you you know what ?
because the the the the the the the the the categories tell me how i can keep them apart .
here here there are two two different two different two different , different .
one is " jazz " and the other is " swing . "
if if if when you think you think that the left is swing , and the the ad on the right is jazz , you clap your hands .
okay okay okay , okay , there 's a couple .
if if if when you think you think that the one on the left is jazz , and the , on the right side is swing , then please , clap .
okay okay okay okay , a couple more .
well , well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz , and that on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this this this this this is is is a a a a highly highly highly highly highly sophisticated , highly sophisticated , highly sophisticated , highly sophisticated .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and and you you you you see this problem you often see that you often see this problem when you look at all the long lists of all of these funds .
who who who do you you want to tell , who do you want to tell ?
my my my fourth , my fourth technique , the a requirement for complexity .
it turns out , it turns out that in fact , we can , in fact , be able to deal with more information than we think we just need to make it easier .
we must we must we must we must slowly increase the the the complexity .
i i will show you an example of what i mean .
let let let let let let let let let us take a very , very , very , very , very complicated decision to buy a car .
here is here is a a a a german a german , a a german , a german , a who offers to give you the opportunity to , to to to completely , to make your own car .
you you you must you must make , you must , you must , you must , you must , you must , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
now now now , these decisions are now different from the the the number of the the the number of the , the that you offer to make a choice .
i 've got 56 possibilities .
the engines , the engine , the engine , the ...
what what what what i do now is , what i do now is , i change the order in which the decisions appear .
half the half of the half of the clients go from the many of the many possibilities , 56 of the limited possibilities , four gears .
the other half the other half of the other half of the customers , is from the very low possibilities , four gears , to the the 56 , many possibilities .
what what what what am i looking at ?
how how how interested are you you are .
if if if you keep using all the use of you to always use the to use the to keep you from making the decision , it means that you will be overwhelmed , the , i will lose you .
what what what you you you you you find is that the people who from the many who go to the very low , they always go , and they always vote for the , uh ...
we we we we lose you .
you go from the little , you go from the little , you go to the many , you stay with them .
it is the same the same the same the same number of possibilities .
the only the only the only thing i have done is to change the order in which this information is presented .
when when when when i start with the simple , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
even though even though even though the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it also i i i , too , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
let let let let let let me , let me , let me , let me , let me , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have told you of , i have told you of , i have told you of , i i have told you , i have told you , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
every every one of these techniques i i describe to you today is thought to to to help you manage to manage to manage to manage to manage the can for you , you you can use it for yourself , good for the people you serve .
because i i i i i i i believe that the the the key is to the the the the key to the most obvious choice is to be picky .
and and the the the the more the the the more the the the more the the the the more the the the the more we we are , the better we will be able to practice the art of the choice .
thank you .
i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
that 's right .
today today today we we we we we we want to talk to talk about how videos are to be watched , and after which , which is why it is even important .
we all we we all we we all want to we all we we all want to we all want to be stars - - - celebrities , singers , singers - - when when i was young , it seemed so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so ...
but but , but , in the , of the , of the , of the , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
any each and every one of you could be famous over the internet to the next saturday .
but on youtube on youtube , more than 48 hours of video is being uploaded a minute .
from that again , only once again , only a a tiny , tiny , tiny percentage will ever be , and will be looked at thousands of times , and so , for the cultural moment .
so how how does this work ?
three three three things , three things :
well , well , let 's do it .
oh , my god , oh my god .
oh , my god , my god !
whoa !
you , you !
last year last year , last year , bear bear bear bear bear bear vasquez sent this video that he had filmed in front of his house in the the the the the most beautiful national park .
in 2010 , in 2010 in 2010 , it had it had been looked at 23 , 23 million times .
this this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
actually , in fact , bear bear bear didn 't not want to not make a " a " a " , " not a " , " bear , " bear . "
he he he he he he he he he he just wanted to just he just wanted to share a a rainbow
because because because that is what you you do when you you are the name of the mountain bear .
he had he had he had had uploaded a lot of a lot of , uh , a lot of , uh ...
and and and this this this video that this video was actually was actually was actually sent this was actually sent in january .
what what what what what what happened here ?
that 's where jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy , jimmy kimmel .
jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy , jimmy ,
for for for for for for , as like jimmy jimmy jimmy , jimmy , as jimmy , as jimmy , as jimmy , as jimmy , as jimmy , as you can see , new and interesting things that show to a great audience .
rebecca rebecca rebecca " rebecca " " " " " " " " " friday " is one of the most beautiful videos of the year .
it it was it was it this year it was looked at almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
just just like the " double " double rainbow " it seems to have come from the nothing .
what what what what what what happened that what happened that day ?
well , well , it it was friday it was friday , that 's right .
if if you you you you you you you you you you you want to know , these other , the other , the other , the other , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
but but but what what about what about this this day , this particular friday ?
well , well , well , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
michael michael , michael , michael , michael , michael , , michael , of the mystery of science , was a the first one who made a joke about it on twitter .
what is important is is that a a ... a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... or group of ... or group of ... or group of ...
and then then this this this this this , this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
now there now is now now there are now 10,000 10,000 ... of " friday " on youtube .
already in the first seven the first seven days , there has been a parody of every single day of the week .
unlike , unlike in the the the the the the the the the the of the 20th century , the the community is our way to become part of this , either by spreading it or making something new .
" the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the
that is it that it is it , it is it , it is simple .
this this this this this this year , it was looked at almost 50 million times .
and if if if if if you think you think this is crazy , you you should you should know that there is a there is a there is a a a a the that has been looked at four million times .
even even cats even cats even cats even look at this video .
cats cats cats cats cats , they look at cats , they look at this video .
what is important is is , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
there were there were there were there .
someone someone someone did an old-fashioned , old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
a a a whole , a whole , a whole , a whole , a whole , a whole , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
today we can not not we can not we can not we can not we can not we can not we can not just enjoy a little , we can do with .
who who who who who who could who could have imagined all this ?
who who who who who who who who who could have had " double double rainbow , " or rebecca black or " the cat " ?
what what what what the what the what the what you you you could have you you could have you could have written in which it was written ?
in a in a in a world where every minute two two days of footage , can only can only truly truly truly unique and , in a world where every minute is being uploaded two days of video footage , can only can only truly truly truly truly unique and unexpected , as the , as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i got i i got i got i i i got i i i got i i i got i i got i i got i i got i i got a ticket because i i i i didn 't not go on the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
since , since , since , as it was , as it was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , was , like , was , was , was ,
this this is this is the approach to the new approach to everything new we do creative .
and and all that all that brings us to the one big question ...
what what what what does that mean ?
i 'm , i ...
what what what what does that mean ?
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
like i said , one of the , one of the currently , one of the the most famous stars - - justin , justin bieber - - made his start on youtube .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
and today today , today we we we all feel as we all , as the owner of our family .
and these are are are not are are not the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
thank you .
the history of history is not not yet over .
she she she is a a a a a a a a puzzle that is still being put together .
i i i i i i i i i i want to to tell you about some of the some of the , uh , the , uh , some of the , uh ...
imagine the the first play , a man who burns his life 's work .
he he is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a poet a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
keep hold hold of him , he , in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the words , as long as as his his friends , the words , as long as his his friends , now he is .
he he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
he he he died , broken , broken by the story .
he he he he is my is my grandfather .
i i i i i i i i i i i i never i i i never i i i i never met him personally .
but but our our our lives our lives are so much more than our memories .
my my my my my my my my my my my my grandmother , my my my grandmother , my my grandmother , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i had i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the next the the the the the next the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the next of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my mother , my mother , may , my mother , may , was my mother , may was 18 when her father died ... was already in a marriage , with two little girls .
for her , for her , life for her , the life of the life of her family and a new life in australia .
it it it was it was it was completely out of the that she could fail .
after a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a boat , a a a boat , a a a a boat , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
all the adults , all the adults , all the adults , were all aware of the risks .
the the the greatest fear of fear , they were they were afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like , like most of the most of the most grown adults on the boat , my my mother was carrying a little baby bear with her .
if with a capture , my my my sister and my , my my sister and my sister would have had to drink , and she and my grandmother .
my my my first my first memories are from this this this boat , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i i i i i i i i do i i i i do i i i i do i i i i do i i i i do i i i i i do i i i i do i i i do i i do i i i i do i i i i i i i i do i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
no no no apple no apple has never ever tasted the same .
after three months after three months in a refugee camp in a refugee camp we ended up in melbourne .
and the the the the the the the the the the the the next the the the the the the next of the the the is is of the four women in three generations who will build a new life together .
we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
unlike , unlike in the in the in the , in the the , of which , whose existence i had i was , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
the the the the smells from the the the the the smells from the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the smells of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the the the the the the the the the pieces of broken broken bones were replaced between the people who had one thing in common , they started again .
my my my mother , my mother , my mother , my mother , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , my mother , she worked on farms , and then on a line in a day , six ,
somehow she somehow managed somehow managed to somehow managed to find the time to , somehow , to find her the time to speak english , and to speak english .
we were we were poor .
each each each dollar each dollar was assigned to , and was put in a further education for english and mathematics , no no matter what we had to , most of the , the new things that always came from the second hand .
two two pair of two pair of two pair of stockings for the school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a a school uniform school uniform to the ankles , because she had to do six years .
and and there , there were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
home home home to where ?
something something something is inside me .
there there there there was there was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a meeting to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to come and a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a quiet voice
my my my my mother , my my my my my my mother , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my , my my my my my , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my mother , my mother , my mother , my my my
my my my my my my mother my mother , my my mother , my my my mother , my my my mother , my my my mother , my my mother , my mother , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
my my mother my mother , my mother , my mother , she suffered from nightmares from the boat .
and and it it it it it was it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so that i could wake her .
she opened she opened opened a a a a a a a a the a , and then she opened a shop .
and the women the women women women women , with their stories about men who have not , who have not the change , angry , angry , angry and angry and angry , and , and , and , and the children , , trapped between two worlds .
loans and loans and sponsors were wanted .
the centers of centers have been built .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i lived in i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
in one , i i was i i was the the the classic , classic asian student who , in one , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in the , in the , in the , i , in i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , in , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but but so so many so many so many have received so many so many have received help over the years .
and because of this , because of this help , in my last year , i , in my last year , i , for i , i , i , for , i , for , i , for , i , for , for , i , i , i , for , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , for , for , i , i , i , i , i , for
and and i i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
" ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... and " ... " ... " ... and " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... and " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... "
i i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i did i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i told my mother i told my mother i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i told my mother i i i i would not do .
she she she she she reminded me that i i was now i was as old as you when when we first climbed the boat .
no no no no no no no no no was never was never was never was never was ever a way .
" just do just do it , " she said , " and don not be what you are not . "
so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the more i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i met i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and even though though i had i i had i i i i , i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there had had to have had to have had to have had to have had to have had to have had another one .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
for , for , for , , , for , , , , , , , for , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it ?
i i i have now i have now i have i have now i have now i have i i have now , i have now , i have , i have , i have now , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i have , i have
the possibilities of possibilities that would not have been not allowed to have been , were specifically encouraged .
there there there there was there there was there was there was a there was a there was a energy , a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
so so so so i followed my i followed my ... i followed my ... i followed my gut .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
for a year for a year for a year we didn 't have a penny .
at the the end of every day every day every day i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
we we we worked we worked until we were working late to the night .
most of most of our most of our most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant , brilliant , and we made the breakthrough .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
after only a journey there , after a journey .
my my my gut feeling again .
three three three three months later , i had moved and the adventure continued .
before before i , before i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
she she she grew up at a time , at a time in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in which , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
life life has not had not changed for centuries .
her her father her father her father died shortly after her birth .
her her her her mother , her mother , she , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her .
when at when at 17 , she was the the second wife of a the the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without without no support of her husband , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , she , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
" cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot " " " " " " is not " " " " is not " " " " " " " " is not " " " " " " is " " " is " not " " " " " " " " " " is " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i looked through the i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i knew that she had come to say goodbye .
my my my my my my mother my mother , my mother , she called me a few minutes after that .
a a a few days a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
we we we we we we told told her stories and told her that we were still with her .
at midnight at midnight the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the monk , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my my my mother my mother mother , my mother , my mother , she , my mother , she , she , she , she , my mother , she , my mother , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
she she she she she she she she asked the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
" because because because you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you have you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
" they they they they did not they did not they did not let go . "
if in our family , if there is a a a a band in our family , then it goes through women .
if you can see who we who who who we who who who we who who who we who , and how the life that we have , we can now we can see that the men who might have come in our lives would have crossed us .
the defeat of defeat would have been too easy .
now now now now i i would like to have my my own children , and i i still think about the boat .
who who who who who who who who would who would who would ever ever wish for one ?
yes yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i fear fear fear of privilege , of ease , of , , of , of , of ... of ... of ... of ...
can i can i can i can i can give you a a a bug in your life , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who
i i i i i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don don 't i don don 't i don don 't know .
but but if if if if if if i could , if i could , if i could give this , and if i could , i i would , i would .
and also also also also , is is , is is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
is it is is is is it is is is it is is is it is is is it is is is it even photography ?
because this is , of course , this is is , of course , is a a picture that you can can 't take with your camera .
but still , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and when when when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so for me , it it seemed to to me that , in the it of it , it it seemed to me that in the the photograph , it was rather to be to be to be the right place at the right time .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so so so so i i i i i i i i i wanted to to to to create something else , something that the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos , like this , a construction site along a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
but it has it has an unexpected turn .
and and yet still , keep still a a realistic level .
or , or pictures like these , dark , dark , dark , dark , dark , dark , and , but all with the common purpose of keeping a realistic level .
when when when when when i say i tell reality , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
because , of , , of course , , , of course , , , , of course , of , , , of , , , of course , , of course , , , is she is not something that you can actually capture , but i always i want to make it look as if she could have that in a picture .
photos of photos where you have to think a brief moment to figure out the trick .
so it it is is is is it is it is more that it is more about to capture an idea than really for a moment .
what what but what what what but is is is is is is is is the the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this is is is is is is is is is is this about the details or the colors ?
is this is is is is is this about the light ?
what what what what what what what what what what what what what is the what is the the the the illusion that creates ?
sometimes sometimes sometimes , the perspective is the the the illusion .
in the end , but in the end , but in the end , it is is is is is is is is is is is the the is of how we interpret the world , and how it can be made on a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
it it it is not is not is is not is not what it is is is is is is is is not what is what we think is real .
so i i i i i i i think i think the the the basics are very simple .
i i i i i i i i see you as a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and and and let let let let me show you a simple example .
we we we have here we have here have three three three perfect three perfect , perfect , perfect , physical objects that we can all identify ourselves with in a the world of the world that we can .
but but but in in a certain way , in in a certain way , in a certain way , in a certain way , they can create something that still looks like it could exist .
but at the same time , we know at the same time , we know that it is not impossible .
so so we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and and and i i i see i see the the the the the the the the the same the same the same the same the same the same process in the combined of the photographs .
it it it is it is it is it is it is it that it is it is it that it is that it is it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it is it that it is it is it is it is it that it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it
so , so the things things that make a picture that make a picture look realistic , i i think it are the things that we don 't not think about , things around us around in our everyday life .
but if if we but if we but but if we combine to combine , it is really important to think about it , because otherwise , they just kind of look kind of wrong .
so i i i would so i would i would say that there are three simple rules to follow , to to achieve a more , a a more , a more , a more , a more , a more , a more , a more , a result .
as as as as you can you can see , these are not not three very special pictures .
but combined , but can , can you , can you , can , can you , can , can you , can , can you , can , can , can , can , can , can , can you , can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that the first rule of the first rule of the first rule is that the photos of the photos should have the same perspective .
two , two , the two , the two , should the the photos of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and and these two , these two , these two , these two , these two , these two , these two , they , they , they , they , they , they , from the same height , shot at the same height , the same height , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the same kind of the same .
third , is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is it is that it is to make it impossible to , where the the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images that the images begin and the images begin and end and end and end and end and end and end
makes it make it impossible impossible to say how the picture was actually put together .
here is another example .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you think you think you think you
but this this is this this picture is , but , in reality , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , this is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , this is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
i personally i i i personally i i i i i personally i i i i i i i personally i i i i i i i personally i i i i i i i i i i i i personally i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i personally i i i i i i i i i i i i personally i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but it takes it takes a lot of planning .
and when when when when i had this idea in the winter , i i i knew that i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
for for example , for example , the the the the the the fish had been taken in on a ... a ...
the the the the the shore is from a different place .
the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and yes yes , yes , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
to to to to to achieve a a a a the result of a more , it is , from i , it is , so , in preparation .
i i i i i i i i i always start with a a sketch , an idea .
after that , it is about the combination of the different images .
and here here here , every play is very well planned .
and when when when you then when you make good good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful , and pretty realistic , too .
so , so there are are all all all all the tools there , and the only thing that we have is our imagination .
thank you .
i i i would i i would i would i would i would i would i would i would like to talk to you about why so many so many electronic devices .
and and i i i i think i think that the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and and and one of the one of the things that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she
how how how can we how can we help you ?
and and we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we think we we we want to think that this is one of the most of the why , perhaps , perhaps , most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the electronic , the , the electronic , the , the , the , the ... the ... the ... the ...
this this this this this this this is is my , this is my , this is my , this is my , this , this is my , this is my , this is my , this is my , this is a very , very , very simple .
she she 's got a a a a button , a / out .
and every morning every morning , i jump on it .
and yes yes , yes , i i i have a i i i i i i have a job , as you may see .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and and there , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
but there is still something .
maybe you you you you you you know i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every every morning every morning every i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i go i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but this is this is is the the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the is the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but it could also , it could also could also be used to be used to to get people out of their chairs , and to make them to play together some kind of a game , to control their health better .
from next week next week , it comes to the market .
there there there will there will there will be this little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little ,
and and it it it it it will it that it will , that it will , that it will , and it will , it will , it will , that it will give to people to to to to to to to to to to from home to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to send to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
do do do do do do you do methods that are easy to use and start with these to embrace patients on the team .
and and you you you can you you you can do that through such methods , but you can also , by the means .
and and and one of one of the things that we did , i i want to share with you through a short video .
we we we we all have all we have all all the , uh , all the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , we all have all the , uh , the , the ...
maybe even in our cell phones .
we we we we we we we we we we we know exactly where all the atm machines are all around the corner .
we we we we we we we we we we we know one more thing where all the gas stations are .
and , of course , of course , we can we we can we we can we we can we we can we we can we can find a way to find a way .
but but where where where where where would the the the the the next of the will to help this patient ?
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have , and no one knew .
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
so , so , what what what what what what did we do ?
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have built a a we we we we have built a a a a we we we we , we we we we we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and over and over 10,000 , over 10,000 , over 10,000 , of , over 10,000 , have already been reported in to the " the " d " .
the next the next next step was to find the the apps for it .
and we and we we we have we have made a a a a a a a a the a
we we we we we we we we we have developed an app that has developed an app for the , advanced reality , to to find this , the , uh ...
and and if if if if you are in a in a a city like in a city like a , and if if you are in in a city like , in a city like , in a city like , and if someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and you can use your iphone , and , and in the within the next the next few weeks , and in the next week , you will also , and you will also , and in to find the next to find the next to
and from today , from today , we we do not not not only would we not only would we not only wish to do this as not only as a the , as the the the the product is called , but we also would like to present as a " the , " the , " the , " the , "
and and and we we we would we would like to take this this to a a global , global level .
and we and we we we we ask our to ask our our colleagues in all over the world , from other universities , to to to to help us to act like , to act like , to act like , to to to to make this the most of the world .
and and when when when when when when you are on vacation and when someone breaks down , if it is your own kin or anyone else , you can find such a a ...
the the the the other thing the other thing , what we would like to ask is that companies in the whole world of the world will help us with the confirmation of that of these .
these these could these could could could could could could be , or , for , for example , or , for example , these , they could be , they could be , or , like , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
please , please , help help help help help help help help help us to help us help , and try not only to improve the health , but to take in hand .
thank you .
today today today i will i shall i shall report of the unexpected discovery .
i i i work i work i i work in the i
and and and and my my my my my my my my my my my little , my little , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
... ... it gives it to to the the the it of the , the the , the , the , the ...
here here here is a short video of what we do .
oh , oh , wait a minute .
it may it may take a while to get it loaded .
well , we , we we we can just , we can just , we can just skip this - - - i 'll just skip the video instead ...
no no .
that this is is is not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , oh , oh , my my my my my my my time is is already over ?
thank you .
the the the the program is " code for america " , and it is is a bit like the " the " the " the " " code for " the " code for america " and it is a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
we we we we we we we we we choose to choose a a few a a a a every year , and we let them work with the , uh , the , the , uh ...
instead instead instead instead instead of sending them to to the third world , we will send them to the the the in .
and and there they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
but but what what what what what what what you really do you really do is to show what is possible with technology today .
so so so so they meet , they meet al .
al al al al al al al al al al al is a a is a a a a in the city of boston .
how how how how did he how did he how did he get to look for help in this special way ?
we we we we had a last year we had a team last year , a team of in boston , the " code for america " program .
they they they they were they they were there in february in february , and it was snowing a lot last february .
and and and they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
but but a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
so so so so he did what he did , what he did , what he did what any good , good , good , he wrote an app .
it it it it it it it it is a a nice , nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
if if if you do you do you you you can you you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if if if if if you don you don 't do that , someone can take it from you .
so so so , there is there is a there is a nice , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little ...
this this this is this is a a a a a a a humble little , little app .
it it it it it it it it is probably the the the the the smallest of the the 21 of the 21 of the the the the the the the the the the the the last year of the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the
but but but she she she she she she does do something that no other , she does not do .
it it is it is spreading rapidly .
there there there there there is this this this this this guy in the the the the the in the the the the the the the , the in the the the the , the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it it it it is very important that these , uh , the , uh , the people steal the batteries .
so so he he so he he he got the people to check them out .
and and then , and then , then , seattle , seattle , seattle , and then , seattle , seattle , decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the the most beautiful , the most beautiful ,
and and chicago chicago , chicago , chicago , they just just put it in , so that the people who put it in the air , when it snows .
we now we now we now we now we now know nine , nine , nine , nine , nine cities that are planning to use this app .
and and she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
if if if you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know , you you you you know that it 's not usually that way .
to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to get the software , it usually takes a few years .
we we we we we we we we we we had a a a team who worked on a project in boston last year that three people needed two and a half months for .
it was it was was about a a method to to to to find out with the parents who are the real public schools for their children .
we we we later we were told later that if it were going over the regular channels it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over $ 2 million .
and that this is nothing nothing .
there right now , there is now is a a project in the california state of california , which the taxpayers has cost two billion dollars , and it doesn 't work .
and there there there are there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so so an an an an app that in a a a few days is an app that is written in an app written by an app that is , and then it is then it is a kind of a kind of a shot from the bow to the bow on the the the the the the the the the government 's institution .
she she she shows how how the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the government of the government could work better than a private company , how many people think she should .
and not not not even not not even like a , not even like a , not even like a , like the internet itself .
and that which means that means free access means open and productive .
and and that this is important .
but more , more important to this is that this app is that it represents a a new generation that the the the the the the the problem of the the the the the the the the the the the the the problem of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the problem of the the the the the the government of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and this this is this is is a very good good news , because it it is it that we are very good in the the collective trade of digital technology .
now now there now there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it it is not not is not not not is not only is " code for america , " there are hundreds of people in all the land who stand up and write , "
you you you you you you you you have not not not have not given up on the government .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you are you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
and these these people , these people , they know something that we have lost from our eyes .
today today , a a lot of people have given up the government .
and and and if if if if if if if you you are one of those people , i ask you that you think about it because things change .
the the politics of politics , the the the government is in change .
and because because because because because the the the the the government , in the end , in the the end , in the end , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and as how how many people , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
now , after two two two two years after two years , i i have come to the conclusion that it is most of all in the for of the , in order to go ,
this this is this is is the the the the the the the most special for service and information .
that is where you you you you usually come out there when when you call in your town , you call .
so , so scott scott , scott , scott , is he , scott , he , scott , he gets , he gets , he gets , he gets , like , this , the , uh ...
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
and and he he he doesn not he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally finally he says , " look , can can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run ? "
and and that that that that that worked , and that it worked , and that it , and it , it , it , it , and it , it , it , it , and it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
but but that it was not not was not the end of the the the end of the world .
boston boston boston boston boston is not not only has not only is not just a " a " .
it it it it has an app , an an app , an a a a , a , a , and a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
we we we we we we did not not not we did not not write this app .
this is this is the work is very very very smart people in the office of the " new " new urban " in boston .
one day one day , this one day , this is is a a , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
" how how how how how do i get to get you removed ? "
but but what what happened to what happened to what happened to what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to , what happened to ,
scott scott scott scott scott scott scott was talking about man to man .
but but on " on " on " on " on " on " , " on " , " " it all is public , so that anyone can see it .
and in this case , in this case , a neighbor saw it .
and and the the the next the next entry that we got was , " i went over there , found the garbage can behind the house .
yes , yes , yes , yes , alive ?
turned the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
good good good night good night good night , sweet , sweet , sweet ,
pretty simple .
this is this is this is where the digital meets the physical .
and it it it is also a a good example of how the government is to get into the federal building .
but but it it is also is also a great example of the government as a platform .
and and i i i i i i i do not not i mean , not i , here i do not mean , not a very technical definition of the platform .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
a a a a a a a a a a a a a citizen helped a to to a to to to another citizen , but the the government played a central role here .
she she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
and and you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you could you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you could
if when a neighbor a neighbor , if a neighbor helps the other , we will strengthen our communities .
if we call to call the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
one of one of the most important things is that we need to remember , is that the government is not the same as politics .
and and most people , most people , most people understand that , but they think that it is one is the the one of the other 's input .
that that our that our contribution to to the system is to choose .
that that is because because because the the government is like a the the the government is like a further ocean , and politics are the the top of the world .
and what what what is beneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
and we and we we we we we use that word with such contempt .
but but it it it it it it it is this that this the this thing that we have , and for which we , for which we , we , for which we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , ourselves .
people people people seem to think people think politics is sexy .
if if if if if we we we we we want this this this institution that this institution is working for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's because that is where where the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the real
we we must we must we must we must we must we must join the government 's machinery .
so the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
did you you you see those boys ?
it it it is a a a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed , very detailed , very detailed report , who is an answer to the the question about the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
that this is is is is not is not is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is not politically active , that is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
well , for those of for those of us who have given up the government , it is time for us to think about the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you must you must you must imagine the the great challenges they must face .
do do we do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
a a a government government is absolutely absolutely necessary , but it must be more efficient .
the good the good news is that technology is that technology makes it possible , the the function of the government is , in a a way that can actually achieve something in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthen society .
and there there there is there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a generation that grew up on the internet , and who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
now , the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the of of of our is is 28 , so i , unfortunately , i am , almost a a generation older than most of them .
this this this is this is a a a a a a a a generation that grew up to see her voice as , of course .
they they they they do not they do not not do do do not not fight this fight that we all fight , so who may speak , they may all speak .
you you you can you you can you you can you can express your mind , on every channel at any time , and you do .
so , so , if if when you are confronted with the the the the government 's problem , don do not you not so much not so much care to use your voices .
they they use their hands .
they they they they use use use their hands to to to to write , to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
and and and these , and these , these , these , these , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
this could that could could be , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and sure sure sure , if we could have had we could have had we could have we could have we could have had these , those , those , those , those , the , those , the , the , the , the , and a lot of people do that .
but but these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
we we we we are we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we and we we will we will not we will not we will not to improve the government , until we improve our citizenship .
thank you .
i i will i will i will i will i will i will i will begin to to show you , for a moment , to show you a a single , boring , boring , boring , boring ...
... ... ... ... could could could you please could could could you please just show the plastic .
this is this is a this is a a a a a a a a a a a plastic , which i , by chance , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i do not i i i do not i i i do not this is not the the the the details of the plastic , but rather , the more the more the the the more the the the the more the the the more the the more the the the the the more the the the the the the the more the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the the the the more the the the the the the more the the the the the the the the the the
this this this this this this this this this is this this this this this this this this is this this this this is this this this this this is this this the this this this this this is is , is , is , is , is , is , is , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
what the interesting thing here is is that this this is , this this is , like some of the others , which we often often find in our field , are some kind of a kind of straight on a very , very , very , very ...
in in in other words , each step here , is a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and and this is this is is is a a is a a that is that we must use this type of scale on the the the the the the the the of the technology .
something very strange something very strange is happening here .
this this this this is is is is essentially the what i i i i i will speak of here .
so , if , if , if , if , please , could you please turn the light on again .
even a a a a a a a a a little bit brighter , because i 'm about to draw something on the paper here .
well , now , why why why , why why do we we we we we draw in the technique of the , uh , the , uh ...
they 'll look like that .
and that that that doesn 't not tell us much .
now , if if if i now , if if i now i want to , if i , if i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but if if something like something like this is what happens when something like this happens , it changes the circumstances in which it changes .
so if so , if , if if the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but it 's not that it doesn 't go so fast .
that there there was never there was never before in the history of the the the history of the , of this kind of growing growth , which by which , by which , by which , every few years , , , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the the question the question i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i now i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it is it is not is it is not is it is not that it is not possible that , for ever and for as long as it is now , it is not possible that it is not possible that , that everything has evolved as quickly and ever .
there are two possibilities :
either it it , it will either a a a a a a a classic , a classic , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
that 's it that it is , it is , it is , it is .
well , well , i i i am i i i am i am i i am i am i i am i am i am i i am i i i am i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
if is is is is is is is is is is is it really , then that means we are here right now in the middle of a transition .
we we we are here we are here on this is here on this line , in a a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the the the question that i so i ask the question that i , i i ask myself , is the question that the question i i i i i ask , and i ask myself often i myself , is is is how this new world will be ?
what what what is what is is this is this is this is this new this new condition that the world is slowly taking ?
because the the the the the the the the the the transition seems to be very , very confusing when you are in the middle .
when when when i when i was i was a i was a i was a a i was a a i was a i was a i was a i was a i was a i i was a i i was a i i was a i i was a i i i was a i i i i was a i i was a i i was a i i i was a i was a i was a i was a i i i was a i i i i i was a i i was
now now , we now we have here we have a a a conference here where people are talking about the future , and you are to realize that the future is still at the year 2000 .
we are no further than that we cannot go .
in in other words , so in in other words , the the the the future has shrunk every year for a year since i have been in this world .
i i i i i i i think the reason we think is the reason that we know that there is something going on .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and we we we we we we we we we we we we we we know that it it is it it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it is it that it that it is not that it that it is that it that it is that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it that it that it that it that it is it is it it it is it is it is it is not
i now i i i i i i i i i i now i i want to now i i want to i i i want to now i want to talk about what this could be , this transition that we are currently in .
to to to to to to do this i will first i shall i shall first to talk to about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i believe i , i believe i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i would i i would i i would i i would i i would i would i i i i would i i i would i i i i i i i would i would i i would i would i would i would i would i would i would
i i i i i i believe that the the the the the the the big picture makes sense when you divide it into some of the , uh ...
the earth was a a a great , a great , a great , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
now , when you now , when the the way you look at the the the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they put it .
some of some of these some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some , some , some of these , some , some of these , some of these , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some , some of these , some , some , some , some , some , some , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , uh , some of these
all those who were so , began to divide .
these little , little , little , the , little , little , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
however , though , though , , , these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and every time every time every time , when it shared , the , in it , , the chemicals in it , they spread out to , like , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so , each drop was a little different .
in fact , in the , the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so so , this so , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
so that this is is is , is it is , it is , is it is , it is , it is , is it is , is it is , is , is it is , is , is , is it is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
in in in in some way , in some way , which we do not yet understand yet , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , in , have , have learned the ability to ...
you you you have you have you have you have you have learned to to store the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in in other words , in in in in in in in in in this , in in in this , in the , in , in , in , in other words , you , in , in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in , in in , in , in in in in in in in in , in in in in other words , in other words , in other words , in other words
the the the the amazing thing is that this kind of information to store over the time of two and a half billion years when it was created , it remained the same .
in fact , in fact , the the the the the the the recipe for us , is , because our our genes , from the exactly the same code and the the the the the the the the same the same the same .
and , each of every one of every living creature uses the exact same exact same letter and the same code .
we we we we are we we are we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and and i i i i have here i have here i have here i have here , i have here , i have here , i have here , i have here , i have here , i have here , i have , i have here , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
in it it it is what what what what what i did i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have taken this the the the the the the the the the the the the the code is is is is is of the , is is , is is is is , is it is it is , is , is , is , is it is it is , is , is , is it is it is , is , is , is , is , is , is
so if so , if so , if , if someone a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a hundred a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
if if if if i had i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so what what is the next step ?
the the the the the the the the dna of the dna was the most interesting step .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but but then , then , a another , a another , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don
that is also is also the reason why , for example , the stability of the antibiotics grows .
some some of some bacteria have discovered how they can stay away from penicillin , and they have written this information along with other bacteria into the dna , and now we have have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because the bacteria that are communicating amongst themselves .
this this this this this communication that has now now allowed the to the the the the reason for the which , in a certain sense , in the same boat , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were ,
so so so , they either they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
the the the the the the the the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and and the the next interesting next interesting phase , it took about another billion years .
at this time , at this time , at this time , we have , at this time , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have ,
in fact , in fact , we we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , as such , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
we we have we have many a many many many cells that are no longer on our own .
your your your the your your your your your your your your your your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , your , are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are useless , useless , useless ,
so , so this , this so , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
the next the next step the next step has now now happened within this time of day .
" the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and and they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and and these are these are the neural structures .
so the nerve cells are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the which the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
and and this this this this this was the the the brain and the the the the the brain and the the nervous system of this .
this this this this this this gave you gave you a very , very , very , very , very .
because , at this time , at this time , at this time , at this time , an individual - - - learning , has now happened within the time of the a time period of a single organism , instead of this time period .
so , for example , a a a an organism could , for for for for for for , for for for for for example , a , an organism that an organism that could , for for for for example , a , a , an organism that , an organism , an organism , an organism that , an organism that , an organism that could not to not to not to not to not to not to eat a certain fruit , to eat , because it , because it , because it , it , it
this this could now , in the in the the the in the the the the life of a single organism , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
so so the the the nervous system , the the the the the the nervous system , the the the the nervous system , the the the the the nervous system of the nervous system , the , the the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
she could she could could , could could could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could be , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could , could
what what happened after what happened after , is that the the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , for example , for example , for example , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it it it is is is is is is is is is a a a rather amazing invention when you think about it .
i i i i i have here i have a a a very , very complicated , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very confused .
i i i i sit here , i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i sit here , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
so this is now allows that it allows us now that we are now allowed to work again as a a more , more , a more ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and what what what what we did , what we did , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , we , the , we , the , the , we , the , the , we , the , the , the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we go through the the the the the the the the the the the same the the the the same the the same the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the same
the the the invention of the language , for for for for example , the invention of the language was a small step in that direction .
computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer ,
and and it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it that it is that it , that it is , and it it it , it it it it , that it , and it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it
so in these these these these these these these these these , evolution can now , in the time period of time , evolution can happen in the time period of time period .
you you you you you also you you you you have also , you you have also , you you have , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
so now , now we have now we have now we have we have now , we have now , have we have again , have we have again , have we have the the the the the , the ...
the the first the first steps of the the the first steps of the history i have told you , have spent a billion years a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
the the the the the the the the next steps , like the the the the nervous system and the the brain , ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
and then the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and these the next the next steps , like electronics , they seem to take a few decades .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the more the the the more the the the the more the the the more it changes , the the faster it changes .
and and i i i i i i i i i think that this is what we see here in this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
we we we we see the the the the the the the the the the the the the process that feeds itself .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
my my , my my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i don i i i i i don i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i i i i i i i i i don i i i i i don i don i i i i i don i i i i i i i don i i
it has billions of them .
and and she she makes it , in part of it , with methods which we don 't even really understand .
a a method of a method which is particularly interesting , and which i have used many a many a many a time , has been the evolution itself .
and while we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
to to to to call an example , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we we say , " computer , " computer , " computer , " please , " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ...
now , now please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please , please
so in so in other words , in other words , i first define what i want .
let let let let let say , i i i i i i i i i want to sort out numbers , that would be a simple example that i have already used .
so so so find find find find programs that can best to sort out the most important numbers .
of course , , of course , , the chance that , by chance , by chance , is the chance that by chance , the opportunity , by chance , by chance , by chance , is it is that the chance that you will not actually do any of the instructions .
but but but one one one of which , with some luck , may , with a little luck , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may ,
now i now i i say , " computer , " computer , take now take the the 10 % of the sequences which have come to my the the the closest i i have to .
remove these , erase the rest .
now now , now , now , all all of the the the the the most beautiful , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the best , the the the the the the the the the best .
" and , with a method of a method of the ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... with a method of ... " ... " ... to reproduce . "
take take two two two programs , and they they produce children by the exchange of their children , and the children , the the the the the the the the the features of the the two of the two programs .
so now i have now i have now i have i have a a new generation of programs that have created by combinations of programs , which have come a little closer to the guidelines than others .
say , " please say , please say , please repeat this trial . "
put it back .
perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps lead some of the mutations .
and and and and try to try to do it all over again with another generation .
all these all these generations , all these generations , all these generations , only a few in need
and so so so i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in the end , in the end , i finally get to receive programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when when i then when i i look at these programs i can i i can not tell how they work .
i i i i i i i i have tried to try to understand you .
they are they are they are they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are
but but you you do you do do the job .
i i i i i know and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i know and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i know and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
because because her her her life was hanging from whether you did the job right .
i i i i once i sat once i sat in a i once i sat in a a a i once sat in a a a a in a a a with a a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
it it it it it it says , " this this this is this this this is this is this is , is is is , is is it not that that that it makes you not ?
we we we we we we we we we we know that a is a a a is not a is not ideal if it gets too complicated .
so so so so so let we begin to start to we start to rely on a computer , for a a process which is a very different from the classic " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
he he he allows us to allow us to allow us to do things with a much greater complexity than the normal methods of producing .
and yet , yet yet we still do not understand the possibilities of that yet .
so , so , , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
we we we we now use these programs now we now use these programs to make the computers so that we we are able to do this process even faster .
so so , it is it is it is it is it is it that it is is a a it is that it is it is a it that creates a ... a ...
it it it it 's it it it 's it it 's it it 's it it 's it it 's it it 's it it it 's it it 's it it it 's it it it 's it it it 's it it 's it it it 's it it 's it it it it 's it 's it 's it it it it it it 's it it 's it 's it it it it 's it it it it it 's it it it it it it 's it it it it it it 's it
because because because because because all all these new new new new new new new new technologies from this day , all of these new technologies from now on , feed themselves .
we lift off .
we we we we we have reached at a point , the the , the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so so we we we we we we are are the the the we we are are are , we we we we are the we we we we are are are are the the the the the the the we we we are , we are actually are .
we we are we are we are in the middle of in the middle of this .
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i really do believe that something is still coming after us .
i i i i i find it it it is i i i think it it is very , very proud to say , that we are the the the most ... of evolution .
and and i i i i i i think we we all here are part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , well , the lunch is is before , and i i think i 'm gonna stop here right now before i get even .
my my my my story my story begins right here , right here in , right here in , it 's , like , two years ago .
i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i was i i i i i i i was i was i i i was
we we we we we we we we we we we have talked about that that nothing has not changed since the time of the the ancient indian war , has been the " the " of the "
when when when when when when we , when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
now now now we do that with planes .
back then , when , when when the the great indian , the the great indian , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
now now , we now we shall do this with the , uh , the with , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
we we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that that that it made me really sad .
i i i i i got i got a a a a a a little bit afraid of technology .
it it made me i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
when when when i when i was a a little girl , when i was a little girl , my my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this this piece of this piece of 50 , 50 , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old , old
she she she she became a a a a golden , golden , golden , golden , to a world full of pirates and the ships , and to pictures in my imagination .
i i it i i i it it it i i it it it i it it it it it it it it it it i it it it i it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it i it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
they they kept us from being inspired .
and and so so so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
when i was 16 , i i began i began to start books at the age of 16 .
when i when i i saw the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it can it can know how to know how to hold it .
it can it can know where we are .
it it it it it brings together images and words , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... and ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
the the the the , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but but what what what what what what do we do with it ?
i i i i i i i i i now i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i just go to go to go now i go to go to go to go to to go to to to to to to to see , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it says here it says , " put your hands on every light . "
and so so here it says , " this box belongs ... " i write my name .
and and from me , i will become a figure in the book .
once and again and again , a letter a letter falls down for me , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the the the child in me , the the child in me , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i have i i have i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i have i i have i have i i have i have i i have i have i i have i have i have i have i i i have i have i i have
i i i i i i do not not i , not i , not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , not , , , , , , , , not , , , , , , , , , , not , , , , , , , , , , , , not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
this is how you you have to have to , you have to put the the the ipad and the the the fireflies .
and the the the the the the the the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
a another another idea , which i , as a child , is that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a a a a single marble .
and so , and so so , here , every book and every the every the world , a little marble that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and this this this this opens a card .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
this this this this this this map is that this is that it is , and it is that it is , and it is , and it is , and it is , in the the the the the the the the rest of the book .
she also shows herself in other places of the book .
i i i i go i go in here .
it is also also , it it is also important to me to do to to make something that indian is also very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
these these are these are the the the the the the the the the the the the .
we we we we we we we we we we we we have all heard of all of the , of all the , of all of the , of all the , of the , of all the , of the , of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and we we we we we we we we we will bring them back to you , in a history of a history for children .
a a a a a story that is a a story that , with new affairs , is a history that , like , the , uh ...
to on the topic of the , a a big problem of the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , at their computers , without going out .
but now , now , now , with , with the technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in a in a a interaction of the book , you are sent to a search , you must go out and gather with the the camera of the the the the the the camera of the most natural objects .
when i as a as i as i as i i i i i i had i i i had i i i had i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
somehow somehow , the kids don 't make the kids no more .
you must go out in a chapter to take a picture of a a flower and to mark .
in another chapter in a different chapter , you have to mark a a piece of a piece of a ... a piece of , uh ...
so that is how you actually create a a digital digital collection of photos that you can put online .
a a a a a a a child in in london , a the the picture of a child in london , and says , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a a a a a a a a child in india , in india , says , " i saw a monkey today . "
it that it creates some kind of a kind of social social network around a digital collection of photos you actually recorded .
there there there is a a a a number of a number of possibilities of magic to connect the world and technology together .
in in the next book , in the next book , we plan to plan a a interaction with which the the video of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
in one place , the the screen fills with leaves .
you you you have to make the the sound of the the the the the the sound of the the the the sound of the , you blow it and read the rest of the book .
we we we we we all we we we we all we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we all we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we all we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
we we use use use to use the energy of the sun .
we we we we bring bring bring bring our children and to bring our children , and to bring our children , and to bring our children , and to us closer to to the the natural world and to the magic , fun , fun , fun and the love of the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this this this this this this is is is is is a truly a truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i i i i spend the most of my time with people in custody , prison , or prison .
i i i i i spend the most of my spend the most of my time with the most of my time with the most socially , the most ... the most ... the most ... the ... the ... the most ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the
being here here with ted to be here with ted to be here with ted , to to to see and to to hear how stimulating this is has given me a very much power .
in the the short time here , i i realized , that ted ted has an identity .
you can you can say things here , you can say things here that have influence over the world .
and sometimes sometimes sometimes when when something comes about ted , when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and power that it would never otherwise .
i i i i i say that because i i believe that identity is very important .
we we we we we we we have seen some some of the fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , fantastic .
i i i i i i i i i i i believe that we have learned that we have learned that the words of a teacher , that are the words of a dedicated teacher , who are the words of a very dedicated teacher .
as a as a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
and so therefore , i i therefore i would i i would like to talk about the power of identity .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i i i i i i i learned from my my my grandmother 's .
i i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was
she she was a she was a a a a she was a a a a a a a a a , a strong , strong woman , she had an effect .
she she she had the last the last last word in each of them .
she she was also was also the the the point of the point of many differences in our family .
she she was she was the daughter of a the daughter of a ...
her her her her parents her parents her parents were were born in the the in the , in the , in the , in virginia , were born as slaves .
she was she was born to was born to , she was born to , she was born to , she was born , she was born to , and the experience of slavery , her the world of the world was very strong .
my my my my my my my my my my grandmother was strong , but she was also very loving .
when when when i met her when i met her as a little boy , she came to me and hugged me .
she she she she held me so i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
one or two a two or two hours later , when when i met her , she came to me and she said ,
and when when when when when i when i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there was something there was something about her was something that made you always wanted to be near her .
the only problem the only problem was that she had ten children .
my my my my my mother my mother , my mother was the the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes sometimes sometimes , when sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my my my my my my my my cousins , my cousins , they were running around everywhere .
i i i remember , i i i must i i i must i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my grandmother , she sat at the end of the room and stared at me .
at first , at first i i i i thought i thought that was a game .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so that she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i will i i will never i will never forget i will never forget .
she she she she she she she she she took me take me outside and she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i said i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
she she she she said she said , " i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she , she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she , she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
she she she she said , i i i think i i think you you are something special .
she she she she said , " i i think you can do anything you want to do .
i will i i will never i will never i will never forget that .
and then she she she she she she she she she she she she she she said , " you just have to promise me three things , bryan .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i said , i , i i i said , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
she she she she she she she she she she she said , " the first , the first , you promise to promise me that you will always love your mama .
she she she she said , " your your your your your your your mama is is my baby , and you must with promise that you will always take care of her .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and then she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she said , " the next promise you will always do the right thing , "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
finally , she finally she said , the the the the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , well , i i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i grew up on the land , i i grew up on the land , in the the old , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
when when when i was about 14 , i was , i , my my brother , my brother , when i was about , when i was about 14 or 15 , my brother , my brother came home , and he , and he grabbed this , and my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
we we we we we we we we we , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
then he then he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he took a sip of a beer and he offered to my my sister one , and she took , and then , and then they offered me one .
i i i i i i said , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ,
my my my my brother , my my brother , my brother , my brother , my brother , my brother , my brother , he said , " go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go ,
i i i i i i had something , your your your your sister had something .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
my my my my my my brother my brother , my my brother , my brother , my brother , he stared at me .
he he he he he he he said , " what is the what is the what is with you ?
and then he then he he he he , he he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i said , what what what are you talking about ?
he he he he he he he he he he said , " grandma , grandma , " he tells all the grandchildren that they are special .
i i i was i was i was i was i was devastated .
i i i will i i will i i will i i will i i i will i i i will i i i will i i will tell you something .
i i i probably shouldn 't probably shouldn 't probably shouldn 't .
this this this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , may , may , may be , will be broadcast publicly .
i i i am i i i i am i i i am 52 , i i am 52 , and i i confess i have never had a drop of alcohol .
i i i i i i i i do not not not i do not not not i i i do not not not not i , i do not not not not not , because i i believe that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
if if if if if we can create the the right way of identity , we can we can tell the people around us the things that they don 't believe .
we can we can we can we can we can we can we can get you to do things you thought you couldn 't .
of course , of course , of course , my my my my my grandmother would tell all her all her grandchildren that they are are are something special .
my my my grandfather my grandfather , my grandfather , my grandfather , was in prison during prohibition .
my my my my my my my my uncle , my my uncle , my my uncle , died of a disease that was not .
and and she she she she believed that she believed that these were the the issues we had to take care of .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
this this this this this this country is is is different from this country , it is different from 40 years ago .
in 1972 in 1972 , in ' 72 in ' 72 , 300,000 300,000 300,000 people were in the prison .
today today , it today is it is , it is , like , two million .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the united states of the united states , today , the the the the the the world 's the the the the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
seven seven , seven , seven millions of people have been released on parole , or on parole , or with a " a " .
in my opinion , in my opinion , in my opinion , in my opinion , in my opinion , in my opinion , in my opinion , our world has changed our world .
in in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , , in , in , in , , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
one of three , three of three , three of three , black , between 18 and 30 , is in prison , on parole , or on parole , or with a federal tax .
in in the city , in the city , in the city , in the city , in the city of the city , in the , in the , of los angeles , over philadelphia , baltimore , baltimore , to washington , there are 50 to 60 or 60 % of the 60 % of all black men , either in prison , or in prison , or are either in prison , or out of the prison ,
our our our our system , but not is not not not only is not not only is it not not only is not is not only is it not only is not only forged by questions that have to do with , it will also be disfigured by poverty .
we we we we have in in in in this this country , in this country , we have , in this country , we have a a a a a a a a a a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
fortune , fortune , not not not , not debt , affects the results .
but still , we still seem to be quite content with that .
a a politics of fear and fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we we we have lost contact .
i find it interesting .
there are there are some there are some some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ...
my my my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
here and here and here and today in alabama , in alabama , ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
we we we we that in ten in ten , in ten in ten , in ten , in the ten years , in the 10 years , the the the the the the the number of the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the silence is the silence of the silence .
i i i represent i represent children .
many many of my clients many of my clients are very young .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the united states of america , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in this in this in this in this in this in this our country , for children , there is a life life for children , a life life life without a life life life without a life sentence .
we we we already have we have a lot of procedures going on .
the only the the the only land in the world .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i represent people , i i i represent people , i ,
the the question of the death penalty question is an interesting question .
we we we we we believe , because , because , because we , we we we , we believe , because , because we , we , we , we believe , because , because we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , we , we , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , we , , , ,
that that is is a very sensitive question .
but you can also , you can also , you can also , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you , you can , you can , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
the the the the the the the the the other , the the the , the the , the the , the the , the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i find that it is fascinating .
the the the death death penalty in america is defined by wrong .
on to nine to nine to nine to nine to nine the nine people we executed , one who we have found innocent , who has been exonerated and released from death row .
an amazing , amazing , amazing , amazing , a , amazing , amazing , a one of nine innocent .
i i find that it is fascinating .
we we we would never would never would never would never let anyone fly a plane with a plane , if for nine planes to take off , one goes down .
but somehow somehow somehow we somehow somehow somehow we can somehow we we can get away from this problem .
it it it 's not it 's not it 's not our problem .
it it is not it is not is not not our burden .
it it it is not it is not is not not our fight .
i i i i i i i i i i talk a a lot about these questions .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i talk about race , and the the question is , if we have the right to kill .
and and it it it it is exciting , because i i teach to teach my my my students , i talk about slavery .
i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we we we we we don not we don not really know very much about it .
but but for the the the for the the the the , for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in many many many many areas , people in many areas , in many areas , people had to be afraid of the ...
or bombs .
it it it it was the fear of terror terror , the fear of terror that formed her life .
they they they say they say they say , " no , no , " tell the people we grew up with .
and , and after terrorism , of course , after the of of terrorism , , of course , the segregation and the decades of the racist , the ... the ... the ... and the ... the ... the ...
and yet yet still , in in our country , there is there is a dynamic in our country , we do not like to talk about our problems .
we we we we we we we we we we do not not not we we do not not like to talk about our history .
and so therefore therefore , we do not we do do not we do not we do not truly understand the meaning of our actions in the historical context .
we , we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we we we we we always create new tension and conflicts .
it it is we it is we it is we it is hard to talk about race , and i i think it is that that we are not will we are not will not will to approach to the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa in south south africa , the people in south africa have understood that the not to overcome the segregation is without the willingness to the truth and reconciliation .
even even after the the the genocide of the the in the the the the genocide of the the in of the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i i i i i i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i i have i i have i i have i i have i i have i have i i have i have i i have i have i i have i have i have i have i have i have i i have i have i have i have i i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have i have
it it was it was it was fascinating , because one of the scientists , after my lecture and said , " you know , it it is deeply disturbing to hear you talk so .
he said he said , in germany , there is no death penalty .
and , of course , of of course , of course , there she can never be in germany , and , of course , there she can never be , in germany .
and then a a a woman , a a woman , and a woman , who , with our history , it is impossible that we will never again pronounce ourselves for the killing of people .
it it it would it would be that it would be , that it would be , that it would be , that it would be , that it would be , that it would be , that it would be , of us , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
as how how it would it would feel to live in a world where the the german the german state of the german state would have executed people , especially if there were a many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many .
it would it would be unbearable .
it would it it it would be a it would be .
and yet still , there is , there is , there is , there is , there is this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
i i i think i think i believe that our our identity is a threat .
if if if if if we do do not we do not , we , with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we we love we love love innovation .
we we we we we we we we we love technology and we love technology and we love , and we love it .
we we we we we we we we we we love to have a little chat .
but in the end , in the end , in the end , in the end , in the end , these the realities of the world , will be , in the end , the the the , of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it seems to me that it seems important to me that to unite both .
because we we we we we we we we we we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
for me , for me , it is the time to to to to , to to to to , to to to , to to to , to to to , to , to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
but but but to think in a in a a a way that is , in a way that is integrated into our own life .
we we we all we must all we must all must , in the end , we must all must , in the end , to believe in things that we cannot see .
as , as , as , as , as , as , as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , innovation , creativity , and development not only come from our heads .
they come from ideas that are driven by the belief in our hearts .
it it it is this is this is this is this is this is this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this , this , this , this is , this , this , this is , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
the the the great the the the the the the great czech politician once said :
when when when when when we fought in in eastern europe , when we fought in eastern europe , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we ,
this this is the the the the the the spirit of the mind is the the the the spirit of the mind is the the the the the the the the the the the the spirit of which i i i believe that the the the , the the the the , the the , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
there there there is no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , there is no , there is no , there is no , there is no , there is no there is no , there is no there is no there is there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no there is no
i i i i i i i want to to to to warn you , that this kind of identity requires a much more than if we didn 't care .
she she will she will she will , she will touch her deeply .
when as as a young young lawyer , i had the the great privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women , these women , these women , they met and they just , they just , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
every once in a time , every once in a time , every once in a time , every once in a while , a woman called me , and she called me , and she said :
do you you want to do you you want to listen and listen and listen ?
and and i i i i i i i i said , " yes , yes , yes , yes , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
she she she she she she she she said , " and what will you do when you are here ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and i i i i i i i went over and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
it it it was always was always so inspiring , so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day one day i i sat there and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
what what what are are you trying to achieve ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we we we want to to to to help to help people who have been convicted innocent .
we we we we want to to fight to to fight to to to to fight against prejudice and discrimination in the war .
we we we we we we want to we we we want to we want to rid life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life life without a more ... without a more ...
we we we we want to do something to do something about the death penalty .
we we we want to to lower the number of the prisoners .
we we we want to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to get rid to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
she she she she she said , she she said , she she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she said ,
and then , and then , the woman , the woman , the woman , the woman , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
and so i therefore therefore i i i believe that i i believe that the the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of which i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
we must we must we must we must we must set paths to to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
for for in the end , in the end , our humanity , depends on all our humanity .
in my work , in my work , i i have learned very simple things .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have learned some very , very simple things .
that that we we we are all we are all more than the the the the worst we have ever done .
i i i i i i i i believe that that that is for every man on the planet .
if if if if if someone lies someone , he is not he is not not just a liar .
if if if if someone take someone take something someone who doesn 't not belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even those who who who kill someone , is not even a murderer .
and because because because because that is so , there is is a a basic human dignity that the law must respect .
i i i also believe that in many many parts of this land , in many parts of the earth , the the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i i i i i i i i don 't i i don 't don 't i don 't don 't i don 't believe that .
i i i i believe that in too many places too many places is the opposite of poverty justice .
in the end , in the end , a society is not , in the end , a society is not , is is , in the end , a society , is not , is , is , is , is , is , in the , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
because in in this context , in in this context , in this context , we begin to realize the truly amazing things that we make .
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes i lose the balance ... a story to the end .
sometimes sometimes sometimes i push too hard .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
sometimes sometimes sometimes these ideas sometimes , those ideas , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i represent these children , who have been sentenced to too much harsh punishment .
i i i i i i i i go to go to to to to go to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
and then i wonder i wonder , how did this happen ?
how how how how can a a judge can a a a a a judge can turn a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a judge can a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the judge , the judge , he , the judge , he , the judge , he , he , he , he , he , he , as an adult , but i see a child .
one night one night i i stayed up too long i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
that 's right , bryan , the the the judge has magic .
you you you you you you should you you should wish you a wish .
and because because because it was it was late , and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i had i i had a i had a a i had a a a a a , a poor , black , black boy as a client .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
in my , in my in my in my , i , in i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , in , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
there there there was there was a a crazy , crazy line about that there was nothing in this country that there is nothing right in this country , that there is nothing but any more , that there is but any more .
the next the the next morning i woke up the next morning i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and and to to to to my , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
a few a few a few months had passed by and i had just forgotten everything .
but finally , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
so i i i i i i went to to the court .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i thought i thought i thought i
after i finally finally i got out of my car and i went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when when i when i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
when when when when he he saw me , he he came to me and he said , " who are you ?
i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
he he he he came to me and he he came to me and he and he , he , he , he , he , he , he , came to me and he , he , he , he , he , he , he , and he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
and then he then he he he whispered in my ear .
he he he he he he said , " i i i i am so proud of you .
and and i must i must i must say , there was strength .
it it it touched a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
well , well , i i i i i i i i entered the courtroom .
as the as soon as the judge the judge saw me ,
did he he he said , , did he said , , , did you , did you , did you , did you , did you , did you , did he say ,
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i said i i
more and more more and more more and more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i that i that i had i i had written these crazy crazy things .
police officers police officers came in , and the deputy the district attorney and the district attorney .
in the , in the , the the , the the the the the the court of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the ,
from out of my corner of my corner of my eye , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i saw the the the janitor and i go .
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he , he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he
he walked up and down .
finally , finally , this this older , this older black , old black , old black man came to the courtroom with a very , very worried , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
ten ten ten ten ten minutes later , the the judge announced a break .
during the pause , a a a a police officer came in , a a police officer , who was in the the the the the the janitor in the courtroom .
this that this deputy deputy deputy , the deputy , he ran over to the older black .
he he he he he he he he he said , " what , what , what what are you doing in the courtroom ?
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have come to come to to to to the ted , because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral the the the moral the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the moral the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
that that as we , as we , as we , as we , we , as we , we , as we , we are not , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
that that that our all of our all survival , with the survival of each and every one .
that that we that we , we we we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and , and , above all , i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
you you you you have in you have seen with this in this audience , this this this community , you have seen an obvious wish , and you have heard to help you and do something .
what can what can we can do ?
well , there are possibilities everywhere .
if if if you live in california , in this in this this spring , in this spring , when it is about to actually , to do an effort to actually , to do a , to to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
here , here , in california , for , for , for , for in the next five , in the next five , a billion dollars for the death penalty is a billion dollars .
and yet , yet , 46 % of all of the of all , still , , 46 % of all of the of all of the men in the world don 't end up with an arrest .
56 56 , 56 % of all of the of all of the men are not in court .
here here here there is a chance to do something .
this this this is this this will this will will will , this will will , will will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will , will
i i i think i think there are possibilities everywhere .
during the last three , for the last three three decades , the the crime rate in the great america has been reduced to enormous .
this the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
what what what what would what would you would you tell to tell someone who would believe that ?
well , actually , in fact , in fact , the number of the violent crimes didn 't change much .
the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the the the most of the the the most of the in this country in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crimes .
it it it was was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so that is why , the the the the the dramatic , the the dramatic , the high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high , high ,
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have let we have been carried away by the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
now now , we now we we have we , we have we , we have , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
i i i i i i think we we must do we must do more to to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and and i i i i i i i i believe that our our our our now , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our now , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our , our
i i i i i think i think that this is is what it is that we must change .
bryan , bryan bryan , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you have you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you you you you are you are an an an inspiring , inspiring personality .
thank thank thank thank thank you for being with ted .
i am bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin bin laden 's death brings with a a the a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
two , two , two , two , two , three , two , three , two , three , two , three , one , two , three , one , two , three , four , four , three , four , three , four , four , three , four , four , four , four , three , four , four , four , four , four , three , four , four , four , four , four , four , three , four , four , four , four , four , four ,
the leader of the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
announcer :
the various of the various of the various of the various , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
crisis crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god , oh , my my god .
so so , these are are are just a few of the a few of the a few of the a i have collected over the last six months , but it could have been for the last six days or the last six .
the fact is , the the fact is that the the media would prefer to show us the negative topics , because our mind gives the very attention to these topics .
and and there there is also a very good reason for that .
every second every second every second every day every day every day every day every day every day every day , our senses catch a much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because , because because because , because , because we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , the the first stop for all the information , is a part of our , is a part of our , the , the , the ...
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is is is is is our , our , our , our , our , our , our ...
it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , and it is , that it is .
so , so if when we see the the news , we would prefer to look for negative news .
and the the the old the old saying , " if it bleeds , the demand " is very true .
well , with with with all all all of our digital digital devices that give us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , 24 hours a day , 24 hours a day all these negative news , it 's no wonder we 're a pessimist .
it it it is no no no no wonder no wonder everyone thinks that the world is always worse .
but perhaps , perhaps , this is perhaps is not the case .
perhaps it is perhaps that it is is the reality .
perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps , the the the the vast , the the the great , the the the great , the the great , the the great , great , the the great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
well , well , i i i i i i i i i i do not not i say that we do not have no big problems - - - the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and as as as human as we as we as we we we are we we we are much better we , we we , we , we , as we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
let let let let let let let let let let we look at what we have achieved in the last century so that we can predict the development .
in over the over the over the over the last 100 years , the the average life expectancy of the average life expectancy has doubled over to the inflation of the the the the the the the the the the population 's population population population 's population has tripled .
i was .
it is also that , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve steve , he has shown us that we are currently living in a very , very peaceful time of the great .
and according according to charles charles charles charles charles , kenny , in the last 130 years of 25 % of 25 to 80 % .
we we we we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and many a many many a many a many many people forget this .
and we and we we we we we and we we , we keep increasing our our expectations .
in fact , in fact , we have , in fact , we have , we have , in fact , we have , we have , in fact , we have , in fact , we have , we have , in fact , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have
remember , remember , that a a a a a a a a large percentage of the american , living among the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the the the the the the richest , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the basis of the the the basis for many a many a many of these are the basis of technology , and these are growing .
my my good my good my good friend , ray , ray , ray , ray , my my my good friend ray ray ray ray ray ray ray ray , ray , has has shown us that , that each of the , that every , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that will , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that ,
which is why that the the cell cell phone in your pocket will cost about a a million times less , and is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
now now , now look look at this turn .
that this is is is is the the the law of the last hundred years .
notice note two two two things on this turn .
first one , how how how smooth it goes ... in good as in bad times , war , war , peace , recession , depression , depression ...
this this is is the the result of the the results of faster computers building faster computers .
it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it is it that it it is it that it that it that it it it it it it it is it that it that it that it that it that it that it it that it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it is it it it
and also , , , despite her , , despite her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , and her ,
so the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and on and on this on this this turn , on the back of the , on the back of the law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to all .
how how how how how many of how many of you have have seen the victory of the ... of the ... the ... of the ... the ... of the ... the ... the ... of the ... the ... of the ... the ... the ... the ... of the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... of the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
that that was was was a great one .
i i i i i i i i i once i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i love this , " i i love this , " " , " i i love this , " " , " " " watson , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
" risk " is not not a simple game .
it is it is it is it is it is that it is to to to to to to understand the the language of the language .
imagine , imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any of the owners of a single .
four four four four four four four four years ago , ray ray , ray , ray , and i , here at ted , here at ted , a new university that is called " the " the " the " the university of ' . "
we we we we teach our students to teach all of these technology , with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year every year every year , we ask to ask the students , companies , to create products and services , which , within a year of a year , , , , , , we ask to ask the students , to do , to do , to create , to create products , and to create , and to create , to create , to create , to create , and to create , to create , to create , and to create , and to create , and to create , and to create ,
think think , think , think , think that a group of students today a group of students can control the lives of billions of people .
30 30 30 30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today today , we can now we can refer to dozens of companies that have done just this .
when when when when when i think , when when i think i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
it is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is to to to make it out of a small , small , small , small , small , small , large , large , large .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the ,
here is an example .
this this this is is the the history of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he he he he is the guy on the left .
he he he he he he has invited the king of the the king of siam to have dinner .
napoleon napoleon , napoleon , napoleon , napoleon , napoleon , the soldiers of napoleon .
but the the king of the king of the the the king of siam , the the king of siam , the the king of siam , the the king , the the king of siam , but the the king , the king , the king , the king , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
aluminum aluminum aluminum at that time was the the most precious metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this this is is is is the reason why the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
although , although , although aluminum , aluminum , aluminum , it is , it is , it is not , as pure metal .
it it it will be linked by oxygen and oxygen and oxygen it is linked .
but but then , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the technology of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then then let let let let let let let let let let let us , let let let this the this the the analogy that we make to the future .
we we we we we are we we we are we we we are now we are we are thinking of ,
ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen , we live on a a planet filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 , 16 , the energy of 16 , the energy of 16 , ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... ..
it is it is not is not is is it is not is is it is not is is it is not is it is is not is it is not about scarcity , it is the problem is
and there there there is good good news .
in this this this this this this this this year , for the first time in this year , for the first time in this year , you , you , you , you , for the first time , you , you , to reduce the cost to 50 % of the in india to 50 % of the , to 50 % of the
the the cost of the the cost of the , for the last year , in the last 50 % .
last last month last month , this has published with a a a study that shows that up to the end of this , in the the the the in the the the the in the the the the in the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and if if if we have a we and if we have a we will also have water in abundance .
let let let let let we talk about talk about the , uh ...
do do do do do do do you remember , when when when when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , when , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the
he he he he he took a he took a a a famous picture of a famous picture .
" a a a a a a blue blue blue blue blue blue dot . "
because because we we we live on a , we live on a very , very .
we we we we we live on a on a planet on a planet that is covered with water at 70 % .
yes , yes , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , two , two , two percent , and we are we are fighting for a half a half a half a half a half a half a half a inch of the water of the water of the water of the water on the water on the planet , but there is there , but there is
and there there are new new technology , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
they are they are new new new new new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , they are on the way ,
it can it can can can can can can create a a a thousand a a a thousand a a a a thousand a a a thousand a a thousand a a thousand a a a thousand a a thousand a thousand a a a thousand a thousand a thousand a a a thousand a thousand a a a thousand a thousand a a a thousand a thousand a thousand a a a a a a a thousand a thousand a a a a thousand a thousand a a a thousand a thousand a a a a a thousand a
the the chairman of the the chairman of the the of of of coca-cola , who has just agreed to launch a a a large , a a a a a a a a with a hundred and a hundred and a hundred units of units in a .
and if if if everything is going well , and i i am very confident , then coca-cola will will use this technology global in 206 countries all over the planet .
this this this is this this this is is this is is the most advanced innovation there is today .
and and we we we we we we we we we also saw this this , we , too , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
oh , my , my goodness , we we we will soon reach the the 70 % of the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
just remember , just remember , a a a a a a a the a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a with a cell phone in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the
and and when when when when when you you look with your your , you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
they they live in a a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no no one could have ever predicted .
and it it it it it is better , the the things that you and i have spent several thousand dollars , gps , gps , gps , and photo , and pictures , books and books , books and music , and technology , are literally cheaper and in their phone .
and and the best the best the best of the best part is possibly what is in the area of health .
in the last last last month , i have had the the pleasure , with the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , i , i , i , i , the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we are we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we
and to to to to to win , the the the the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of doctors trained .
in the middle of a , where there are no doctors , but 25 , 25 % of the , and 1.3 % of the employees of the hospital .
if if this this this device , if this this device , a this device , a it , if , if this device , a this device , it , it , it , if , if , if , if , if this , this device , this , this , this device , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
but but now , now to the the the great power that will lead us to a the world of the great .
i i i i i i i call you " the " the next billion . "
the the the the white the white the white the white the white the the the white the the the white the the the white the the the white the the the white the the the the white the the white the the the the the white the the the the the the the the white the the the the the the the the the the the the the white the white the white the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the white the the the the the the the the white
we we we just just just crossed the the the the the , uh ...
and just by the by , by the by the by , the the the the the most the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in 2010 in 2010 in 2010 in 2010 , we had we had so just , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
until we , we shall , we shall shall , we shall shall shall rise from two to five , to five , to five billion .
three three billion three billion new three billion new new new new heads of which we have never heard before will join the global communications .
what what what what do these people need ?
what what what will what will you consume , what will you desire ?
and instead , instead of , instead of , instead of , i , i see one of the the the greatest economic economic the history .
these these people , these people , they represent ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
and and they they will they will , they will , and they will , they will , and they will , through the use of the the the use of the , the use of the , and they will be better trained better trained better trained by the , and that they will have the will have the opportunity to use of to use and to use the , and to use the , and to use of , and to use of , and to use , and to be more productive , more productive , and
so so so so what , what , what can , what can three billion , three billion growing , healthy , educated , the most powerful members of the world of the great , the the of the great ?
how how how how would it be with a a a set of new , new , never before , would it be , with a new set of new , and never , ever , ever , to , ever , to , ever , ever , ever , to , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever ,
how how how how how would it be to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to give to the the the the the the oppressed , , wherever they are , to give a voice , to to to to to , to , and to , for the first time ?
what what what what are are are are are are will these three three billion people will bring ?
how how how how how how would it be , how would it be with , what , how would it be with , what we can 't even predict ?
one of one of the things that i have learned through the " x " , is that little teams who are motivated by passion and focus are , can can create extraordinary things , things that great big corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i want to i want to , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there is there is a a a program that some people may have already know .
it it it it is a a a a a game called a game called " a " .
it it was developed at the university of washington , in seattle at the university of washington .
and and it it it is it is is a a a a game where people can take a sequence of the a sequence of the , uh , the to see how the protein will develop .
ever , ever after his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and and this this this this this is is very very important in the most important in the world .
so so so far , this has been a problem for the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and and this this game this game was played by , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and and it is now hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of people who have played the game online .
and and it it it it it it it it it showed that these these these these these are the better , the human , the human , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future , is the the fact that today we have more power than individuals , to present to us the great challenges of our planet .
we we have we have access to the we have access to the tools with the technology that we use .
we we have we have the the the the the the passion of a man who is a
we we have we have the the the the the the the capital of the " the " the " the " the . "
and and we we we we we we have have three three billion new three billion new new new new new , new and we we have three billion new , new , new , new , new , new , we can work with which we can work online to master the new challenges and to do what it takes .
we we we we we are we we are we we are we we are we we are we are expecting a few extraordinary , extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i i i i i i i believe that we must do something to do something against a a a a a , a a , a , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and and i i i i i i i i i believe that it begins with a a physician and i am .
and and maybe maybe i have i i have i i have i i i have i i i have been i i i i have been in the business a long long long , long , long , long , long , long enough that i can allow myself to give up a piece of of my own false , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake , fake ,
however , before , before , before , before i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
hey hey hey hey hey , why why not ?
we we we we are we we are we are close to the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " world " .
we all we we all love , we all love , we all love baseball , right ?
baseball baseball baseball is full with great statistics .
and there there there are hundreds of them .
" the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
i i i i i i i i i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i i will i i i i will i i i i will i i i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i will i will i will i will
it it it it is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we are talking about a a 300 , when a bat beats 300 .
that that that means that the the player must beat three out of ten .
that which means to beat the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
three three out of ten .
do you do do do do do do you you know what you you you you know what you you call a " a " a " a " a " in major league baseball ?
good good , good , really good , really good , good , maybe it 's a , it 's a , it 's a ...
do you do do do do do you you know what you you you you know what you call a " a " a " a " a " a " a " ?
this is someone who , by the way , is someone who , by the way , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , who , by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the by the way , by the way , is , is , is , someone who , who , who , who , who , who , i
legendary , legendary , like ted , ted , ted williams , the the last major baseball league baseball players , who , during a regular season , met over 400 times .
let let let let let let let let us transfer back to to my the world of medicine where i feel more comfortable , or perhaps perhaps a a a a little less well i have spoken to you about .
suppose if you have , you have , you have , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , you are , to be transferred to a to a to a ... to a ... to a ...
somehow it doesn 't somehow it doesn 't work , does it ?
suppose if you , if you live in a certain , in a certain , remote , and you have a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
but , but , but , you you know what ?
she she she is she is she is much better this year , she is she is , she is , she is , she is , she is , she is , she is , she is ,
and she and she she she she she she she she beats a , a , a ...
somehow it doesn 't somehow it doesn 't work .
but but i i will i i will i i will ask you a question .
what what what do do do do do do you think like , like , you like , the like the you you you think , like , the you you you like , the you you like , the you you you you you you like , like , like , the you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you like like like like like like like like you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
a thousand thousand , very good .
the the truth is , the truth is that no no one in the all of the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor .
but what what what we do , what we do , what we do , what we do , what we do , is that we , each of you , , including me , , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , , , , , , , ,
never never never never make make a mistake , no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no one will , but the the the details of how this is to be .
and this is this is this is the this is the the the message i i took in in med school .
i i i i was a i i was a i i was was a a a compulsive , compulsive , compulsive , compulsive , a student .
in in high school in high school , a once a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and so it was .
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i learned it all by heart .
in in in my in in in my , in i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i even even knew even the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
and and all the time , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i i i was good , i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and and it it it worked it worked it worked for for a time until i met mrs .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
at that time , at that time , i was i was assigned to to the the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and it it it it was it was it was it was my job when the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and and and and and to give to my to to my my attending to my attending .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and when i when i when i i i i , she , as i , she , she , i , she , i , she , i , she , i , she , i , she , she , i , she , she , she , she , i , she , she , she , i , she , she , she , she , i , she , she , she , she , she , she made , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she
and and when when when when when i i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
this this is is a a a a a a a a state where the heart is failing , rather than to pump the entire blood continue , a part of the blood is stuck in the lungs , and it is slowly filling the , so the shortness of the shortness of the shortness of breath .
and and that that that was not was not was not not a difficult diagnosis to be diagnosed with .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i gave her i gave her i gave her to her i i gave her to her i gave her to her to to take the pressure from the heart .
i i i i i gave her her her her her medicine , which we we call " the , " i gave her water pills , so that she would ...
and over for over a period of a a time and a half and a half , she began to feel better .
i i i i i felt i felt really good .
and and and so i i made my first i made my first mistake , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i sent you home .
actually , actually , i made two two mistakes .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i didn i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and he he he knew he knew she knew she knew she , he he would have been able to have had some extra information with her .
maybe maybe maybe maybe i did it with a good reason .
maybe maybe maybe maybe i didn i i didn i i didn i i didn i didn not want to not be the the i i i was not i i i i wanted to be the
perhaps perhaps perhaps i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
my my second second second mistake was worse .
by the by that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in i , i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and the the the the the the the the the nurse , the the the nurse , the the the nurse , the the the nurse , the the the nurse , and the the the the nurse , she , she , she , she , she , she said , in the , "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i remember it as as as it was yesterday .
so so so i i signed i signed signed signed the discharge papers and an ambulance , and i came and brought her home .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i went back to to to work .
the the the the the rest of the day , the the the the the night i had this feeling in my stomach .
but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
and at the at the end of the day i i packed my things , i i i i , i i i , i i , i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i i i i went through the the the i i i went through the the i i i went to go home .
and and there there there there there , a another another a another a another a another , a another , another , a another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , another , a , another , another , another , a , another , another , another , a , another , another , a , a , another , a , another , another , a , a , another , a , a ,
other the other the other doctors , they fear , they fear , but the the , the , the , the , is , is , is , is , because we only see the patients so so , so , so , so .
the three the three three words are , remember ?
" do do you do do do do you do do do do do you remember the the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse , the nurse , the , the , uh , the , uh ...
" so , so she she she she she she is back , " she said she said in this particular "
so she she she she she she she she was back .
she she she she was she she she was she she was back and she was dying .
about about an hour about an hour after she arrived at home , after i sent her home , she collapsed , and the the the the the the the family called , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
she she she was she she she she was barely breathing , and she was , she was , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
the the the the the the the the the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
they they they gave to her gave to her .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
i i i was i i i was i i was i i i was i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i was i i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i was i i i i i i i was i i i i was
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and after two two two , three three days , she realized that she would never awaken again .
she had she had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had a not had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had a
her her her family , her family , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , her family , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
and during the course of the the the course of the next eight or nine days , they have surrendered to the king .
on on the day of the the day of the the day of the day , you , you , you , you , you , the , you , the , you , the , you , the , you , the , you , you , mrs. , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they say they say they say that you never forget the names of those who never forget .
and and that that was that that was was the the the first time i ever learned this myself .
when when when you make you make amends and make you never make the mistake again .
that this is is is the kind of the kind of the kind of a ... the kind of a ...
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the , the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it it it it it is is the the the the one who tells you that what you did is not bad , but that you yourself are bad .
and that and that that that that that that that was it was what i felt .
and and it it it it it was not it was not for the cause of my love , he was very kind .
he he he he he he he he he spoke to the family , and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
but but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i have i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
why why why why didn i i i didn i not ask to ask the the chief resident , why why did i send you home ?
and then and then in my worst moments , in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why why why why why why did i go to to the medicine ?
slowly , slowly but i 'm sure it lay , it lay .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i began to feel better .
and and and then , and then on a day of a day , there was a a hole in the the clouds and the the the sun broke out and i i i said maybe i could feel better .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and she did she did .
and and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
and then and then it happened again .
two two two two two two years later , i i was i i i i was i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it it was it was it was was a lot of it was and i was in a hurry .
he he he he he he always used to show here .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i looked in i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i i i gave gave him a i gave him a a a a , a , for penicillin and i sent him away .
and even when he walked out of the door , he pointed at his throat .
two two two two days two days later i came to my the next i , my chief of the chief asked me to have a talk to her in her office .
and and she she she she she she said the three three words , remember ?
" do you do do do do you do do do do you do do do do you you remember the the the the the the patient with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it it it turns out he turned out to be a ... a ...
he he he had had had had a a a a potentially , a potentially , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a potentially , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
you you can you you can you can you you can you you can you you can you the you , but it is not an infection of the , but it is not the the upper the upper the upper the upper airway and it causes the airway .
and , fortunately , , he did not , he did not not die .
he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
in a in a in in a i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there , there there there is some of it , especially considering that you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at that time .
in both cases , in both cases , i i i did not i i did not send you home , and i do not think there were any flaws in your treatment .
at one i i thought i i i i i thought he i he i i i thought he had a
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
the the the the the the the the the the other one had had had strong , strong diarrhea .
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and he he he did , and when when he saw a a a a the a in the right lower , lower sector , he he called the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
in both cases , in both cases , they were operated and they were fine .
both the two cases of the two cases , they were both , they were , they were , they ate me up .
and and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i would i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
some of my many of my many of my many of my many of my many of my many of my many have passed in the last five years .
alone alone , ashamed , ashamed and without no support .
here is the the the the the problem is , if if if i can not , if i can not , if i can not , if i can i can talk about the the the the a the voice that says to me , what i can 't really , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how how how can i i i i can teach you how i can to teach you my mistakes , so that you don 't do the the same ?
if if if if if if if i go to go to a a room like this , i , i i have no idea what you think about me .
when when when when the the last time did you hear from the last time you heard of someone who said failure about failure ?
oh , yes , yes , yes , you you you go to a you go to a a a cocktail party , and you you you may hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear someone talk about their own mistakes .
and , in fact , if indeed , if , if , if , if , if i , or , if i , or , if , if i , or , if i , i , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
this this is this is the the the system that we live in .
it it it it is a it is a total denial of total denial of mistakes .
it it it is is a a a a a a system in which there are two basic two basic positions , that there are are two basic , the which make mistakes , and those who who who who who do not do , those who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who ,
it it it it is almost almost almost a a almost a a a almost a a a a a a a a , a , a ... a ... a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost a ... it 's almost it 's almost a ... it 's almost a it 's almost a ... it 's it 's almost a ... it
and there there there is there is there is the the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes out of the medicine that will keep us a safe system .
but there are there are two two problems with that .
and what what i have learned is that mistakes are absolutely absolutely essential .
we we we we we we we we work in in a in a system where every day mistakes happen , in which one of the 10 , 10 , 10 , is is is either is either a false or false or false or false , in which , in which , in which , in which , every day , every day , every day , every day , and every day , every day , and every day , and every day , and every day , and every day , and every day , and every
in this in this state , in this state of this state , the , of the , the , of the , the , the , of the , the , of the , the , of the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in the in the the in the the the united states of the united states , the the institute of medicine is the number of 100,000 .
both are both are strong and strong , because we do not not look at the problem as we should .
and is and is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is the most beautiful .
in a in in a a in in a a a in where the the the medical knowledge all two to three , we can 't keep up .
it is the is of the is of the
we can we can we can we can we can we can not we can not rid of him .
we we we we we we we we have we have have a a cognitive error so that we can take a a perfect , perfect , a patient with chest pain .
then i then i i i i i i i i i take the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i do not i do not i do not not take the same course .
i i i am i i i am not i i am not i am not i i am not i i i i i i i do not always do things the same .
and and my my my my my my my my my my my patients are are are not no cars , they they don 't tell me their symptoms are not always the same way .
all in all that in all that in all that , all mistakes are inevitable .
so , so if when you take the the the the system the way i was i was taught , and all of the , you know , all the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the ...
and do you do you do you do you you you know you you know that you do not want to talk about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and and then , and then , and then her her her her pupils , and they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they look down , and swallow , they swallow , they swallow , they swallow , and swallow , and swallow , and swallow , and they , they , and they grow , and they grow , and they
they want to tell their stories , they want to share their stories .
they they they they they want to they want to to to to be able to be able to be able to say , " look , don don 't make the same mistakes i make . "
what what what you you need is a an environment that you are capable of .
what what what you you need is a new a new medical culture .
and and it starts with a doctor .
the the the the the the the the new the the the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the , the the the the , the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
she shared her experience with others .
she supports when when others speak of their mistakes .
and she and she she she she she shows others who , who , , , who , , , who , , , , who , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
and and she she she she works in a in a in a a medical culture , that she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
my my name is my name is brian is brian brian , brian goldman .
i i am i i am i i am i am i am the the i am the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the new the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i am i i i am i i i am i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i make mistakes .
i i i i i i i am i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i don i i don i i don i i don i i don i i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don don i don i don i don i don i don i don i don don don i don don don don don i don don don don don don don don don i don don don don don don don don don don don i don don don don don don don don don
let let let let let let let let me close with three of my own words i remember .
i i i i i will i i will i i will i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i i will i i i will i i i will i i i i will i i i i will i will i i i will i i i i i will i will i will i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will i will i i i i will i will i will i
it it is about the it is about the it is about the , uh , the , uh ...
and because because because because you can you you can explain this idea in a one minute , i i will tell you three stories to use time before .
the first first story is about charles , charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know that you you know that you know that you know that he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he was
they may they may they may think they may think they think they think that he was the one that he was chasing , but that 's not true .
actually , he was actually collecting fish .
he he he he he described one he described as one of them as a very " ordinary . "
it it was it was a it was a it was a it was a it was a it was a it .
up to up to the ' 80s in the ' 80s , he was fished in a great style .
now now he is now standing on the the the the red list of the red list of the most powerful species .
this this story we have we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
yet still , we still we still we still we still come to the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
we still we still we still think they still think they they are they are they are they are they are originally .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
what what what what what what happened here ?
the the second story , the the second story is is to make it a a different concept , to make it more clear to the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
because i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i go i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i thought i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
and and i i i i got i got i got i got i got a really bad sunburn , and i was convinced that i really didn 't come from there .
it it was it was my first my first my first sunburn .
as as as you can see , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
there there were there were there were there , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were there were , there were , there were there , there were , there were there were there were there were there were there were there were there were ,
the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when when when when i returned , when i , when i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
she grew , she grew , she grew , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she , she ,
they were they were genetically crushed .
there were still fish .
the people people were still happy .
and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the fish , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the fish , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so so so nothing has not changed , and yet everything has changed .
my my my my my my my my third little story , my my third little story , i , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
in the in the the ' 70s , in the the the ' 70s - - rather , in the early ' 60s , europe , a a a lot of the world .
" the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
we we we we we we we we had we had no not had no words for what we we we were there .
i now i now i know now i know now that it was the the the why of the sea .
90 , 90 % of the of of our , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
the the the the biggest part of the the fish , the the the small , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the essentially , the the the the the bottom of the the the the bottom of the sea came on the deck , and then was then returned .
these these images are are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
within within within the within a year , you you you take a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a year , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you take a a , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
the reason the reason is is is changed , for , in this case - - - a hard reason or soft coral , it 's gonna shit .
that this is a a a dead dead a dead turtle .
they they they were not they they were not they they were not they they they were not they they they were they they they they were they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
once once , we once we once caught one , we caught one alive .
she she she had not not not had not not had not drowned .
and then they they they were they they they were they they they they wanted to kill , they they they were they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they were they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
in fact , in fact , this this mountain of debris is is is is is is is , every time they drive in areas that have never been fished .
but it won 't not be documented .
we we we we we we we we change the the world , but we do not remember .
we we we we we we we we we will adapt to to our our the new level and do not remember what was there .
when when you when you put it down , this is what happens .
on the on the on the the the on the the the the the on the the the on the the the the , the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the green of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the green of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in time time , it changes , it changes , it changes , because for the people , their actions are , of course .
each generation , each and every generation , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the difference is that the the difference is then is perceived as a loss .
but but they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
there can there can there can be a order of changes .
and in the end , in the end , all they want to do is to get the wretched remains .
that is that that that is that that is that is is now that is , that is our goal .
we we we we we we we we we want to we we we we want to to to to to get things things that have disappeared , or things that are no longer what they were .
you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you , you you you you , you you you you you you , you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
because , obviously , an animal is obviously , an animal that there has been a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
so so you you you don 't not lose a not often you lose , you don 't lose a very , very , very , very .
you you always lose rare , rare animals .
and therefore therefore therefore , it is therefore not is not is not that it is not , is it not , as a great loss .
with the time of time , we concentrate on the the great animals and in the the sea are the the big fish .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they are they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
with the time of the time , there is little fish left , and we think that is the , the , uh , the , uh ...
the the question is is why the people accept that .
well , well , because because because you don you don 't know that once it was different .
of , of course , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many
you you will you will you you will you will you will you you will you , for the the the evidence that you , as you , in a former form , you will not be as you would like to present the evidence .
there , for for example , there is , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so we so we we we we we we have the the the situation that people do not not know the past , even though we we live in educated societies because they do not not trust the sources of the past .
that that that it shows the the the the a the the a the the a the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
for for through through through through through the through , we , we , in the end , we , we , we , in the end , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in the , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , , we , we , we , we ,
we we we we we we we bring back the the the past that the people can cannot not understand , because the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
with so , the the people who can see the people who can see the the people who see and who can benefit from the knowledge that allows it to restore their memory .
what what what what what is is is with the people who can not because they have no access - - the people in the middle west , for example ?
here can can here , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i think that the art and the the the the film may fill the gap and the simulations .
this this this this is is is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
a long a long long time ago , there was , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there
and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , the , the , and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
when when when when when when when when when when when you think , when when you think of why the people of it were so touched by the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
because because because it it it it is something a a a something that has lost in a certain way .
so my my my my my my my my my my , my my my my my , my my my , my my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my
thank you .
in the the the ' 80s in the ' 80s , in in the communist germany , in in the communist germany , you had to , if you had a typewriter that registered in the government .
you you you also had to also had to have had to register a a sheet of paper with a paper with a paper with a paper from this typewriter .
the the the reason why the the the the the government could trace back where a text came from .
did you find a you found an article with a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a an article with a a a a false , a , a , a you you could track down the author of these thoughts .
and and we in the west , we we in the we in the we in the we in the we in the , we , in , we , in the , we , in the , we , in the , we , in the , in the , we , we , we , we , in the , we , in the , in the , we , we , in the , we , we , in the , in the , we , we , in the , in the , in the ,
in in in our own in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
this is what happens to us today .
and no no one seems to be upset about that .
and that this was was an example , in which , in which way , in which way , in which our own governments , our the technology against us , the citizens , the .
and this this is is one of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the today , the the the the existing , uh ...
let let let let let let let let let we look at what is really happening in the world we can divide the attacks into categories .
we have we we have three three , three , four , three , four .
there are there are there are there .
for , for example , here , , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is mr. , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is mr. , this is mr. , this is , this is , this is , this is mr. , this is mr. , this is mr.
and and and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
these these people deserve money .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they use to to to to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are there are several of several known cases of the known cases of the , uh , the , uh , of which have earned their money by attacks .
this this this this is is vladimir vladimir vladimir vladimir vladimir , of , , of , , of , , of , , of , , of , , , , of , of , in , in , in , in , in , in , in .
this this is this is is alfred alfred alfred alfred alfred , alfred .
stephen stephen stephen stephen stephen stephen ,
- i am .
this is this is matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew , and this is , and so on and so forth .
the the the the the secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret service , two two months two months ago , the the the the the the the the the swiss bank account of mr. sam , and in here , and in this , and in this account , and in this , in this account , in this account , in this account , in this account , was , in which , in which ,
the lord , the lord , the lord , the lord is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
and i i i i i i i i i i say that today it is more likely today that we will be the victim of a being a the victim of a crime in the real world .
and and it it it it it is it is it is it it is it it is it it is it it is it is it it is it is it is it that it will only get worse .
in the future , in the future , most crimes will be played online .
the the the the the second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second , the we can watch today are not motivated by money .
you are , you are , by , motivated by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by something else , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... .. ... ..
groups like anonymous groups like anonymous groups have risen over the past 12 months , and have become one of the most beautiful in the field in the the field of the world .
so so these are the the the three of the the the three of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
there we are , there are cases we are , like the of the , uh ...
it it it it it it it it it it shows what what what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
it is a is a is a a is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a from the , or it was .
in the last fall , in the last fall , it had to have had to declare bankruptcy in the last fall , because it had been hacked .
someone someone someone someone had broken in and had hacked the system thoroughly .
and and and last last week in a meeting with in a last week , i i i i asked one of the the head of this group , i asked to ask if he thought it was possible that , because of the people who died .
and and his his answer was " yes . "
well , now , how how how do people die in the follow of such a ...
- what ?
they are they they they are they they are they they are they they are they they are they are they who they are .
what what what what what what what what what do you do to do with , what ?
well , well , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
but can you , if you can , if you can go to a foreign
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
and and that is that that that that that is what happened in the the fall of the " the . "
how how how is how is how is how is it with the the the arab spring and the things that , for example , happened in egypt ?
well , in in in in in in in in in in in in egypt , in in in egypt , in the in of , in the in of , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in those files in these files , there was a a a a folder called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " . "
and and in in this in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , the notes of a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in germany , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
you you you you had you had sold this this program to the the the this program for the to the the the egyptian government .
the the the the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
so , so , the western , the the western , the the the , the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but , but western western western western , the western , the western governments , they help themselves .
for for for in germany , in germany , in germany , only a few weeks ago , in germany , in germany , only in germany , in germany , in germany , only , in germany , in germany , only a few weeks , of the , of the so-called " the " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a " a "
if if if if you are a suspect in a is a suspect in a federal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are today we are far beyond .
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
they they they they they use , use means , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , to use , use , use , use , use , to use , use , use , use , use , to use , use , use , use , use , use , to use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use , use ,
so if so if if if we keep thinking about these things , then the obvious answer to people , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i am a good citizen .
i i don i don i don i don i don don 't have to i don don 't have to worry .
i i i have have nothing to hide .
and and and that that that that that that that that that that that that that reason , it doesn 't make any sense .
privacy must be given privacy .
privacy is not is not for debate .
it it it it is not is not a decision between privacy and security .
it it is it is a a it is a a decision between freedom and control .
and while as while as we , in today , in the year of 2011 , in the year of 2011 , we may have to trust our governments , is every right that we give , for ever .
and and do we , do we , do we , we , we , we , , we , , , , we , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
these are are are are the the are the the questions that we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may it may may may seem strange to you , but i i am a a a great big fan of , uh ...
the the first the first of the the the first of the the first of the first of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the first of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they , they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they they
in the essence , in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most important thing in the world , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
almost a hundred and a half a hundred a hundred years later , in 1947 , , , , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , , , , , , , , , , , , in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , legos came out .
it it it was called the " the " the " the " the " automatically , " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " "
and within in within a less few years , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it it is is estimated that over over 400 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you you you you you you do not not must not you must not be an engineer , to to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
the , the , the .
in the , in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in the in the meantime , in the the the same year , in the the same year , in the the the bell tower , the the next revolution was announced to the the the the next revolution , the the next of the next .
the the the the the the the the was a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
as like as the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
but there is there is there is there is a there is a a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the only thing for the experts .
i personally , i personally , i do not , i do not , i do not , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight years ago , i was i i was at the the the the i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
a few years ago , a few years ago , i i began to develop to develop a form of a kind .
let let let let let let let let me show you how they work .
" the the " the " the " the " the " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are " are "
they they they are they are they are they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they , they are , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
and and the best the best part is that they connect with magnets .
so you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can you you can not put them in the wrong place .
the the the the stones are the the stones .
green is the green is the issue , blue is the , pink is enter and orange is is cable .
so all all all all all what you must do , so all what you must do is connect a blue blue and a green one , and you can build a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very quickly .
they they they they they they they they they add a blue blue blue blue to a green , and they can make light .
you you you can you you you can you you can you you you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you made a little , uh , a little ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
take take take take the switch out the switch to put out a the a the a the a , this is , to fit in , and you have made a little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little , little ...
add add add to this to this , add add to this , to add an added effect , and you have made a a a a a a a a a the .
i i will i will i will stop this .
above the simple play , beyond the simple play , is , in fact , it is a rather , very , very , very ...
instead instead , instead of , that you must program to program , to program , to program , to program , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
so so to so to to to so to to speed up the blinking , or to slow down , just turn to that button and he makes the pulse faster or slower .
the the the the the idea behind is is that it is a growing library .
we we we we we we we we we want to bring every one of every single interaction in this the world into a stone of stone .
lights lights , sound , sound , sound , sound , sound , sound , sound , sound , engine all should be available .
we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we have we we we we have
and and it it was it was it was an incredible experience .
the the the the most beautiful is the the the the most beautiful , the the the most beautiful , the the the the the the the the most beautiful , the the the the the the the most beautiful , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the most beautiful
like , like , like , like , like , a a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
we we we we have we we we have we we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
so we we we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , for example , we , we , for example , we , we , we , we , we , for example , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
here we we see here we see , with the felt , paper , paper and paper , and , like ...
a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
here here is an example of an example of a project that you have made , a a a a a a a a a a a , an example of a a project that you have made , a ... a ... a ...
but wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait , this this this is really is really my favorite .
it it it it is a a a a a a lobster made of coal that is afraid in the darkness .
for for this , for this , for for this , for this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
and and we we we want to we we we want to make this material available for all of us .
so so so so so , is the is the is the is the the open open source .
you you can you you you can you you can go to the the web site , download all the data files and make it yourself .
we we we we we we we we we want to to the the the the the the world of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so , so , you go , you go , you go , and start to make up .
thank you .
