and , of course , we all share the same kind .
we 're all born .
we 're going through security .
we have to deal with the inevitable separation of death , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
all these people teach us that there are other ways to navigate earth .
and that 's an idea that when you think about it , you can only do with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of life that covers the earth and is as important to the welfare of the earth as the most powerful thing you know as a human being .
it is the greatest legacy of mankind .
it is the symbol of all we are , and what we are capable of as an amazing species .
and the same way that the ship 's power became strong , this happened with the fuel supply , only with even greater speed .
and the crucial indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when each of them was born in this room , there were 6,000 languages on earth .
now , a language isn 't just the whole of the state or a series of the world 's rules .
a language is expression of the human mind .
she 's a means that the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
every language is like a forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
and from those 6,000 languages today , while we 're sitting here in monterey , half of them are not whispered in the ears of children .
that means if nothing is done , they 're already dead .
what could be more lonely than being surrounded by silence , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , have no way to pass the wisdom of the ancestors , or to expect the children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone on earth , like every two weeks , for every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last words of an old language to his grave .
" let it be . "
and then suddenly you would realize what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
that 's why i 'd like to take you on a trip today , by the way , a short trip through the city hall to try to make you understand what actually went missing .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different ways of being , " really different ways of being .
for example , take this child of the west indies in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the northern hemisphere , believe that they are bringing in the east of holy snakes .
this is a people who do not distinguish between color blue and green because the forest is equal to man .
you have a strange language , and a language called " the most beautiful , " you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
all the strange things in the past , the strange things about these big houses , where , due to the number six or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
you just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most powerful tribes i 've ever lived with , the most powerful in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who have been contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries tried to contact and made a mistake .
they threw shiny pictures of themselves down from the air , which we would consider as a friendly gesture , and they forgot that these people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen anything more exciting .
they picked up these photographs of the devil , tried to look behind the face or the figure , found nothing and found that these cards were the devil 's cards and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but they didn 't just kill outsiders with the spear .
they 've got each other .
54 % of the deaths occurred in the past .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces and determine which part of it .
in order to make sense of this sensation , i , of course , had to know something about this remarkable belief of knowledge and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it 's about a complex , complex , breathing disorder .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to take out the big ones , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , or whatever .
a continent is always left out , because the assumption was that there was no religious belief in the uk , of course there was , and voodoo is simply the remnants of these very religious thoughts during the tragic death of the people .
but what voodoo makes so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living bear the spirits .
the spirits can be swept away from under the great water , respond to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , so that for a brief moment , a shining moment becomes god .
" you white people go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you are possessed , you are consumed by the spirit .
look at these amazing demonstrations , in a fire , the burning coal without burning , an amazing source of the mind 's ability to affect the body so that it can withstand it when it is put into an extreme state .
well , of all the people i 've met , the founding fathers were from the sierra nevada de santa marta in southern california .
descendants of the ancient egyptian civilization , which , in accordance with the rule of colombia , and in accordance with the conquest of the conquest , this people drew back to a very powerful , very high , very high , very high , very high , very high , very high , very high , very high , very high .
in a continental continent , these people were the only ones that were never conquered by the spanish .
until this day , you will be ruled by an elite group .
and during all this time , you will be introduced to cultural values of your society , values that maintain the belief that your prayers and only your prayers , the cosmic or we could say the balance .
it 's so wonderful .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
so , natives are neither sentimental nor are they weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he 's a ghost or a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british colombia , and i believed that these woods were meant to be a circus animal .
well , when you start to see the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photo i only took in the amazon northwest last april .
this is the most powerful compound from the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very strong metal objects that are very similar to the most powerful , most powerful and powerful .
if you 've ever seen the way you 've used this stuff , this substance that you make in different ways , it also contains the same .
this powder to cold is about to be shot at by an oil rig , made by the paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it is not a distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
but the thing about brain cancer is that they can 't be taken orally , since they are , by a human intestine , of course , the enzyme with names , which they will be used .
all you can do is get in touch with some other chemicals that drive mao .
well , the fascinating thing is that the key elements that are contained in the cell are the exact same type that is necessary to access the data banks .
how can these people from a flora of 80,000 species of plants find these two not relatives who , if combined in that way , create a kind of a version of the whole thing bigger than the sum of his ?
we use this great euphemism , try and mistake , which turns out meaningless .
but the indians say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so , what does that mean ?
this tribe , the founding fathers , have 17 variations of the species that they all know at great distance in the forest that appear to be a way for our eyes .
and then you ask them how they justify their food and they say , " i thought you understood something about plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ?
so , it turns out that you take every 17 variations on a full moon and you sing to one in a different kind of music .
well , that 's not gonna get you a phd at harvard , but it 's much more interesting than counting .
well , the problem is , even among us , have the sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives , consider them as the most powerful and most powerful , yet somehow limited to the past , while the real world , our world .
all cultures have kept getting involved in the dance with new yorkers .
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the americans didn 't stop being on sioux when they were working bows and arrows when the americans stopped being americans when they were horses and unfinished jobs .
not change and technology are threatening the integrity of the earth republic .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i find a lot more , you 'll see the ugly face of political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the most violent extinction of people is generally convicted , but the destruction of the human way , is not only judged , but generally celebrated and celebrated as part of a civil war .
and you can 't understand the suffering of the human race if you haven 't seen it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father was identified as a follower of the syrian lama .
that meant he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with her holiness to the netherlands that brought people to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned for punishment for the crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two years to hide under her belt because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this brave deed has been taken to a prison camp .
one day she accidentally stepped on a bracelet and she had to go to a hard labour camp for seven years .
suffering can be unbearable , but the spirit of man is a little more powerful .
and in the end , we 're really facing a choice .
and it 's humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution that brought us the agriculture , and at this moment , the cult of the revolutionary war , replaced the poetry of the shaman by the prose and hierarchy , and made us only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world we know is barely 300 years old .
well , that superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
if we ask these countless numbers for the meaning of the code , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a picture that i took at the north end of the night , when i went to the north , and this man , he told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always been very well handled with the financial institutions and during the years of our reign , they were forced to move into settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took away all the weapons and tools .
now , you must know that the ice cubes are not afraid of the cold , they used them to their advantage .
their wheels were originally made of fish wrapped in fish .
the man 's grandfather wasn 't afraid of the rainy night or the windy storm .
and when the feces began to freeze , he formed them in the form of a knife .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he put on the dog and put on a dish , took the skeleton of the dog and put on a sled , put on another dog , and put it on the back of his belt .
there 's nothing you can do .
and this is in many ways a symbol of the resistance of the natives and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government gave the federal reserve in april 1999 complete control of an area larger than california and texas combined .
it 's our new homeland , and it 's called a country .
it 's an independent area .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its inhabitants .
and eventually , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to those distant targets of the earth , to realize that they are not even remotely removed .
you 're someone 's favorite .
they represent parts of the human imagination that have been in the past , and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children are part of the geography .
what we 're trying to do at national geographic is that we believe politicians never achieve anything .
we believe that we believe that we are not convinced of the future , but we believe that the world can change the world , and therefore , we are probably the best institution in the world for $ 35 a month .
nations of the united states are sending our special forces .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see a lot of , uh , a lot of , uh , digital photos here that you can pick up and wave all the time , and then you can sort it out .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at , how big they are or how big they are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one is a scan of the security footage , and it 's in a section of 300 .
it doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can narrow down the power of a system like this is the number of brain activity on your screen at any moment .
this is a whole book , an example of the book .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that it 's really about a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this is a real front and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a legitimate case .
every big picture is the beginning of a movie .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience to read a real magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with several newspaper .
we also did something on the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution much higher than a normal ad , and we added additional contents .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see it here .
or other models , or even technical specs .
and this really brings up these ideas , these restrictions for the available space on the screen .
we hope that doesn 't mean any more of this nonsense ... that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , the most obvious is one of the most obvious designs for a technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend much time here , except to say that we 're going to contribute to this area .
but these are all the roads in the streets .
top shelf on nasa 's most wanted picture .
let 's get something else out of here .
this is even live on the internet .
this is a project with the name of the president that really connects two different technologies .
one of them is a graduate student , and the other one is a very good research on drug dealers , by noah , a university of washington , under the consultation of steve cusack at the university ,
and rick was run by microsoft research .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that when we create this kind of view where we can penetrate images and make this experience of the multiple resolution .
but the original order of the images is indeed of significance .
i don 't know exactly if i have time to show you other things .
there are some that are much more powerful .
we had to worry about the lawyers .
therefore , all of these things are highly irregular , and they 're all in this way in relationships .
and we can navigate that very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are many different kinds of cameras , everything is about to get from the top of the camera , a pretty big number of them all patched up in this environment .
and if possible , i 'll find some of the weird ones .
many of them are covered in faces .
somewhere here is a series of photographs - here they are .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was recorded properly .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point is , we can do things with the social environment , and now they 're gathering data from the entire collective memory of how visual the earth looks and everything is connected .
all these photos will be linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model from all over the earth .
consider this to be the sequel to the work of stephen cardinal on earth .
and that 's something the complexity that people use , growing , and the use of the user is growing .
your own photos will be filled with a different person .
and , of course , by-product of all of which are the vast virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , which were not only preserved by satellite or satellite images and so on , but through collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within the next few years , all images being used by someone in the world are basically linked ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to put them together between the pictures .
and she 's doing this because of the painting .
and this is really exciting when you think about the amount of information that has many of these pictures .
like when you 're doing a routine for pictures where you enter sentences and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about which picture this is .
but how about that picture connect you with all your pictures ?
and then the size of the water supply and the amount that makes it really huge .
congratulations .
thank you .
i 'm going to tell you some things from my book that i hope are in sync with other things you 've already heard , and i 'll try to make some connections myself , if you haven 't noticed .
i want to start with what i call " official business . "
the official business of what ?
the official business of all western european societies .
our objective is that if our target is the key to our citizens , this will be through the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , reasonable , a vital requirement for human .
when people have freedom , each one of us deals for ourselves to do the things that our common people do and no one has to decide for us .
the way of freedom to go is to choose .
the more respectable people have , the more freedom they have .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply , it would not occur to anyone to question it .
and it is deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what allows us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say a little bit about being a little more sensitive .
so that 's how the supermarket is .
and then they go to the most expensive store to set up a stereo , cd player , radio , and in this one , there are so many electronics .
we can put together millions of different stereo facilities from the components offered in this one business .
you have to admit that this is a big selection .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have every phone provider you wanted as long as he came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
one episode of which was that the phone was never broken .
these days are over .
we have almost an infinite selection of phones now , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle of the -- and the sun 's torch .
and if you haven 't seen this in your business yet , you can be sure you will soon .
and what it does is make people go into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other forms of life , which are much more powerful than buying objects , the same explosion of the earth republic .
it 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you we could do a , or we could make b .
a has these advantages and risks .
b has these advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says a has these advantages and risks and b has the advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's an enormous marketing for people like you and me , that , if you think about it , doesn 't make any sense at all , because we don 't buy it .
why do they advertise us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change of venue .
something as profound as our identity is now a matter of the choice to show this foil .
we don 't inherit identity , we invent it .
and we invent as much as we want .
that means every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the war was that almost everyone had one and that they got married as soon as they could , and then they got kids like them .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
things are easy nowadays .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give you 20 % less work than i used to .
and that 's not because you 're less smart , and not because you 're less careful .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i get married or not ?
shall i marry later ?
they 're all unanswered questions .
and you will answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the chores i give you and not getting a good grade in my class .
and in fact , you should .
we are blessed by how carl has made it clear , with the power that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet until randolph hotel .
by the way , there 's a corner i 'm not going to tell anyone that 's working on .
i won 't tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means is that incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work , again and again , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play soccer , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our kid mutilate a cop , we ask ourselves , " should i take that call ?
should i answer that e-mail ?
and even though the answer to the question " no , " i 'm sure it will be your experience of your child 's healing very differently than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a matter of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
that 's what i 'm saying , there were a few choices , but not everything was a question of choice .
and the world we live in now looks like it .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna be bad about it .
all of these sensor readings have two effects , two negative effects on humans .
it 's an effect . it 's the way it 's paralyzed .
with so many options you can choose , people are very difficult to decide .
i 'm going to give you another example of a study of investment in volunteers .
a colleague of mine had access to government records , the giant financial industry of about a million employees and about 2,000 different types .
and what she found was a 10 times the employer offered , took part in two percent .
you 're offering 50 % of the available 10 % less employees than if she only offered five .
because there are 50 of them who are willing to choose , it 's so hard to decide which one to choose to postpone it tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes tomorrow .
by not participating , you will give up to $ 5,000 a year on the board of directors who would have been happy to breed your contribution .
paralysis is a result of too many paralysis .
and i think it makes the world look that way .
you really want to make the decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or even the wrong investment fund .
the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less content with the outcome of the selection than if we had the opportunity to choose between us .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything that is disappointing for the choice you make .
second of all , which is the name of the name of the name of the most beautiful .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning by telling how much the way we assess things depends on what we compare it to .
well , if there are a lot of options to consider , it 's simply to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives you rule out makes you less satisfied with the alternatives you 've chosen .
for those of you who aren 't new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach .
the man thinks it 's august .
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks chasing the thought he missed the opportunity to have a great parking lot every day .
the satisfaction we get through our choices , even if what we choose is fantastic .
and the more possibilities there are to choose , the more attractive qualities of this selection are considered in the financial markets .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he 's making a statement about living now and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point that he 's doing , whenever you decide for one thing , you decide not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and it will make you less attractive .
three : escalation .
this hit me when i wanted to change my jeans .
i wear jeans , almost all the time .
so went to buy new jeans after many years of the old man 's favorite , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , here 's my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want to lean , light or wide ?
do you want buttons or zipper ?
you want jeans with holes ?
if you 'd like to cut down , cut , cut , blah , blah , blah , blah , and so on he said .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i 'd like the way i used to be . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour with all those damn jeans and i 'm telling the truth with the best jeans i 've ever had .
i had it better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try and explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse was with all these options , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i got to what i expected , and what i was disappointing compared to what i expected .
the potential in people 's lives inevitably increases people 's expectations about how good these possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with results , even if the results are good .
because if they did , they wouldn 't know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that things used to be better than anything was worse than anything worse was to make people experience that were a pleasant surprise .
these days , in the world where we live , we live rich , law-abiding citizens , with perfection , the best thing to hope for is things as good as they expect .
they 'll never be pleasant because their expectations , my expectations , are thick .
the secret to the world 's republic is what they 've all come for . the secret to the party is low expectations .
i 'd like to say a brief moment that i 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling isn 't always such a bad thing .
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
it is also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed about it , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and that 's how we feel better in general , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there 's no question that a little choice is better than none , but it doesn 't follow that 's better than a selection .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we 've missed this point for a long time at choosing our common good .
now , as a principle of question , i am almost done as a principle of the matter of thinking , which allows all these choices in the most profitable societies is the wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many of them whose problem is not too much of a choice .
your problem is you don 't have enough .
so the things i 'm talking about are a weird problem of modern , rich , western societies .
it 's a waste of money .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated decisions are not easy for you to help .
they even hurt .
they 'll make us worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions to the societies where people would have pushed too little choices wouldn 't only improve people 's lives , but our dignity would be improved .
it 's called an application .
it will make them all feel better , not only the poor , because all these great choices are bothering us .
what does this fish know ?
you don 't know anything about it . "
i 've read it .
the more i thought about it , the more i felt the fish knew .
because the truth is , if you break the law , so that anything is possible , you have no freedom .
if you break the power grid , so that anything is possible , you will lower the satisfaction .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everybody needs a backup .
this is almost too limited to complete security , possibly for the fish , definitely for us .
but that 's missing from a prescription for misery , and , i guess , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and about the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point , we 've got biology , and now we 're trying to get from digital code into a new phase of biology by building new life and building .
we 've always tried to ask important questions .
it 's something i think a lot of people have tried to understand and on different levels .
we 've tried different approaches to simplify it to the most sophisticated components .
we 've had nearly 20 years of brain activity , and when we were able to get the most sophisticated change from the world of biology to digital world .
now we 're trying to wonder if we can regenerate or if we can create new lives from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , a small organism , which has the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've tried to replicate it with a smaller genome .
we 've managed to give up about a hundred genes from the 500 or something that are here .
therefore , we have decided that it is the only way forward is to actually add to what allows us to vary the individual components and so to ask some of these questions .
and that 's how we started with the question , can we put in a little bit ?
is it possible to create these really big molecules that have never been done before ?
so , if we can do that , can we start the launch ?
it 's just a piece of chemical material , by the way .
our steps at the rate of life were exponentially .
our ability to write genetic code has developed very slowly , but it still increases , and our last point would now set on a downward curve .
we started it 15 years ago .
it actually took a couple of years to start a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , it 's very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world who can make small pieces of dna for 30 to 50 letters , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the " b. " b. "
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we made small pieces , made a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of toxic chemical and put it in a plastic freezer , and the blood flow began to read the genetic code and made the particles .
then the subatomic particles were released from the cells and returned and killed e. coli .
the other day , i was talking to the police department , and they said they were doing this model exactly .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think this is a situation in the software that can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to start digital information on the computer , that digital information really has to be flawless .
when we first acquired the genome in ' 95 , the dna results were in a mistake per 10,000 .
if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible .
a part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long , and they have to deal with other meaningless pieces to build smaller pieces to match these .
we have unique elements here .
they may have heard that we 've put in some kind of energy .
think about it , we have a code : a , c , g and t .
if these letters were written by these letters , there are about 20 letters , and here is a single purpose for each of these letters .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first , we just signed .
some people were disappointed it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could just tear them apart with carbon dioxide .
and we 've started making pieces , starting with pieces that contained the most powerful letters to each other to put them back together , to make them back together .
in every step , we produced these pieces in excess so we could get them out because we were trying to create a very lucrative process they 'll see in a minute .
we were trying to get to the point of entry .
well , that looks like a family thing .
if we can get to these really big pieces with over 100,000 -- they won 't just grow in e. coli , it 's beyond all the possibilities of modern life and so we turned to other mechanisms .
we knew of a mechanism known by the molecular structure the biology used to repair dna that could form such pieces .
here 's an example of it , there 's an organism called the number of the three million wheel of radiation .
you can see in the upper field that his brain is falling apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything changed back to the way it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely drained , they can even live in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life can exist in space and move on the search for conditions beyond .
actually , nasa showed that there 's a lot of it out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule that we made using these trials - actually , we only used it with the right design of the pieces .
it 's not a social call . it 's a regular job .
it 's such a big molecule that we can even see it with the water heater .
these are recordings over six seconds .
this is the paper we just finished .
it 's the largest molecule of structure ever created by humans .
it 's got over 300 million .
if we were to print it out with a 10 and without a trace , it would contain 142 pages just to access that genetic code .
well , how do we start a fire engine ?
obviously , it 's very simple with a virus .
it 's just as easy when you do it in the way we do it , you just take out the key and you put another one in , and that 's exactly what you all heard about cloning .
at the time of death , the cell is integrated , but recently , we have shown that you can perform a full transplant from one cell to another and activate this .
the new set went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to keep the process a little further .
this is the most advanced of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here who have taken in a second solar system or a third of somewhere , every time thousands of nuclear warheads in just a second to a species .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that will have missed a lot of biology at a time .
there are enzymes called the brain cells that actually digest dna .
the dna evidence that was in the cell has none of the chromosomes we 've already added .
it was carved in the cell , and it recognized the other as alien material , and that 's how we ended up with only one cell with a new one .
it was blue because of the genes we had added .
and after a very short period of time , all the species 's systems were lost and completely in a new species based on the new software we put in the cell .
all proteins changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
well , it may sound like some kind of , uh , some kind of , uh , a little dramatic , but , uh , we can , uh , we can , uh , postpone the , uh ...
now i have argued that this is not the genesis that is based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i have argued that we may be about to create a new form of the most sophisticated explosion in which there could be massive new energy readings based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're about six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for everyone who exists in 1946 within 40 years .
we 've got problems with food supplies , fresh and boiling water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
there will be a challenge for 9 .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 200 billion barrels of oil .
if we think about biological trials or any process to replace it , it will be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we have now , from our discoveries from all over the world , a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the future 's most wanted .
the water supply had a dozen components and look at the variety of it .
we are here in the first line of biological reality and to those of our imagination .
we have technology today because of this rapid genetic disorder to do what we call " genetic . "
we now have a chance to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you can imagine making these 20 million different genes , or making these trials to create drug users or new vaccines , we can change with one small team more than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's just , you know , it 's just , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's just ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's just ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's
this is a recording of real energy we 're working with that you actually sit down and know new species on the computer .
we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now focusing on the fourth generation 's primary systems .
you 've recently seen corn on wheat , which is just a bad experiment .
we have a group of the third generation that will come out relatively soon , which will have a much higher capacity , like the average or different kind of animal rights .
but , as we think , the only way biology will have a great influence with no further increase in the cost of food or the restraint of their food , if we see co2 as carbon dioxide , and that 's where we work ,
and we think we 're gonna be the first with the fourth generation , and that in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we all have different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the east coast , about 200 miles deep , near the west coast .
it changes co2 in methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're investigating whether we can use carbon co2 that could be easily transported to the surface , convert the co2 into fuel to counteract this process .
within a short period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the basic questions of life .
you know , we really have potential targets like the replacement of the entire industry , if you couldn 't do that with ted , where else ?
but that 's exactly how we 're working at the moment to use the same approach to the development of nuclear weapons .
you 've seen it this year with the flu , we 're always on the back for a year and have a dollar too little when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be altered by creating a nuclear vaccine in the gamma quadrant .
this is how the future could possibly look with changes , can be accelerated today by synthetic bacteria , carbon dioxide , and possibly viral .
we are light-years away from improving people , our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do so .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the council meeting .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
and for all those who weren 't there , the most scientific experiment has ever been targeted 27 kilometers in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a second after the beginning of the universe and that to 600 million times within a second .
it 's just stunning ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of this place in central asia .
i work on this one .
here 's a painted picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the lights .
on september 10th last year , the machine was the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused tremendous cheering in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first time in which the entire route around the globe is deliberately linked to a part of the particle accelerator to leave a rain of particles on the surface .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this made the greatest cheers or this , when someone visited the google side , and so on .
it means we reached a cultural influence next to the scientific .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wooden wires here
these wires are running a lot of static when the machine 's running on satellite .
well , the engineers among them will look at you and say , " no , they don 't .
you can afford it , because if you cool it very far , they 'll become too called a family .
so , at minus 12 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections between the magnetic magnets in the plasma conduit , there was an energy surge .
thus , the wires heat slightly , and then suddenly , the wires hit a little resistance .
this was the result .
well , all this is even more impressive when you imagine the magnets weigh over 20 tons and shifted around about 30 centimeters .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove whatever we did .
we 'll rebuild it .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the warp core will be operational .
we will be able to turn it on , and expect to collect first dates in june or july , and continue our journey to find out what the universe is .
well , of course , in a way , accidents like this again set up the debate to turn down the value of science and economic boundaries .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our borders , is the value of things like that .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my profession , but it 's more than that , of course .
it 's also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to ever change .
however , something strange has happened in my life and my career that has made me completely rethink my relationship with this work .
the result is i , no matter where i go , will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously ... doomed !
for example , you get very worried about me and say , " don 't you fear that you will never exceed this success ?
aren 't you afraid that you 'll spend your whole life building a book that will never interest anyone in the world ?
okay , that 's really brave .
people said , " you 're not afraid to succeed ? "
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you will die on this craft your whole life and never come out of it and that you will die on a pile of broken dreams , your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all these things .
and i always did .
and i 'm afraid of even more things no one would ever guess .
like algae and other things .
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it recently , and i wonder why ?
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should expect him to be afraid of doing the work he feels called ?
and what exactly is going on with the creative enterprises that you 're making us insecure about the mutual state of mind in a way other professions don 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist he was asked to be afraid of being a chemist .
how 's that ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemists have not received the reputation of people who have lived for centuries .
we writers seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of all the writers , they seem to have this reputation to be mentally unstable .
all you have to do is to look at the bitter bits of really great minds alone from the 20th century , who died young and often from their own hands .
and even those who didn 't commit suicide seemed really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said just before he died in his last interview , every one of my books killed me a little further .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea totally all right with you ?
do you feel comfortable with that ?
i think it 's disgusting .
and i find her dangerous , and i don 't want to watch her take over to the next century .
i think it 's better if we live our great creative stimulation .
and i definitely know that it would be very dangerous for me to start this dark path of guess - especially in the fact that i am in my career .
i 'm only 40 years old .
i may have another 40 centons in me .
and it 's very likely that everything i 'm about to write from now on is judged by the world as the work that came after the freaky success of my last book , right ?
i 'm telling you straight , because we 're all kind of friends now - - it 's most likely my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 in the morning .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the crime , i seem to have to keep writing , design some kind of psychological construct .
somehow , from now on , i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between myself and my very natural sense of how the reaction will be on the written .
this quest led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was some kind of a god who came from a distant , unknown source to people for inexplicable , unknown reasons .
the greeks used to call these divine expressions of the creativity of demonic demons .
from socrates , he believed he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of satanic spirit a genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that 's brilliant - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
the artist of the arts was protected by certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't see everything for yourself .
if your work is not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how people in the west really thought about creativity for a long time .
it is the beginning of the beginning of the human race , and people began to believe that creativity came entirely from its own individual .
for the first time in history , people hear this artist or those artists call a genius instead of having a genius .
i must tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
the disfigured and the entire ego , and it creates all of these unrealistic expectations of success .
i think that this man has destroyed our artists for the last 500 years .
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true ...
can we change it ?
perhaps to an understanding of the relationship between humans and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't just wipe out the sound system from 500 years ago .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would really register valid scientific doubts about the idea of - - basically - fairies , who apply to people and their projects .
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this trip .
but the question i want is why not ?
why not think about it ?
because it makes as much sense as anything else i 've heard about , when it was about explaining the absolutely insane creative process .
a process that , as everyone knows , who 's ever tried to do something , so in other words , everyone here isn 't always being reasonable .
in fact , sometimes he can actually feel more comfortable .
she said it was like a train of air ,
who would climb over the land .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew she could only do one thing at a time like this , and that was in her words , racing like the devil .
and then there were those moments - - i 'll never forget - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on paper .
in these occasions , the poem came clean and intact on paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was creepy - that 's exactly how my creative process works .
it 's not like my creative process - i 'm not the channel !
i 'm a mule to be able to work , i have to get up at the same time every day and sweat , and i get really uncomfortable .
but even i used to rub that thing sometimes .
and i guess a lot of them did .
even i had work or ideas that came from a source through me that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we deal with this without losing our minds , but keeping ourselves in the opposite of mental health ?
for me , the best living example is how to do this , the musician tom waits .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the most modern artist who was trying to control those creative impulses that lived in him , and with them .
but then he got older and calmer , and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he starts to rise up that old wooden horse in him , like i 'm gonna lose this thing and be pursued forever by this song .
i 'm not good enough .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he ended the whole thing and did something completely new .
he just looked up in the sky and said , " sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could just write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to an awkward moment when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go torture leonard cohen .
he 's changed his whole life .
not the work itself .
there could be a miraculous , bizarre , bizarre collaboration , some kind of conversation between tom and the most terrifying , most terrifying thing that wasn 't quite tom .
when i heard that story , it changed a bit of the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of all time .
i started to think i should just put the project down .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken to the sky and i tried .
so i lifted my gaze from the manuscript and spoke my comment on an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you can see i 'm investing everything i have .
so if you want it better , you have to show up here and keep your end of the deal .
but if you don 't , you know what , fuck it .
i 'll keep writing , though , because that 's my job .
and i would like to report that i was here today for my part of the job .
for ... in the end , it is as follows , centuries ago , in the deserts , the people of the land are gathered with sacred and music that have been kept for hours until dawn .
these parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something special happened , one of the actors actually became more popular .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen such a performance in your life .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer walked through some kind of portal , and he did nothing different than he 's ever done before , 1,000 nights before , but it all adds up .
and all of a sudden , he didn 't seem human anymore .
it was lit from the inside and lit from the bottom , and everything was lit by a divine fire .
when something like that happened back then , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , a divine thing , a sight for god , ol , and allah , great , bravo , incredible , there 's a glimpse of god .
and that 's great , because we need this .
but the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he no longer carries a shred of god .
he is merely a mortal with his knees bent , and perhaps he will never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name again when he turns , but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most sophisticated corrections of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain if you didn 't believe from the start , that the fundamental aspects of your existence would come from you .
if you might just believe that you 're a loan from a more reliable source for a more time of your life passed on to someone else when you 're done .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
that 's how i started thinking , and so i 'm sure for the past few months , while i 've been working on the book that 's about to appear - as the dangerous , terrifying successor of my awesome success .
what i have to keep telling myself when i get crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
be there for your contribution , whatever it may be .
when your job is dancing , dance .
if the stupid divine genius that stands to your side decides to show you a moment of wonder through your efforts , then to be a bit of a blow !
and if not , dance your dance .
and you , too .
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
for you , in spite of all that , you have the pure love and love of the human race to be there .
thank you .
thank you .
ol !
last year , i showed these two federal agents to make sure that the oil companies that had grown for nearly three million years the size of the lower 48 states shrunk by 40 percent .
but this is not strong enough to express the seriousness of this particular problem , since it does not show the thickness of the femur .
in a sense , the heart of our global energy is the most powerful .
it grows in the winter and grows in the summer .
the next foil i 'll show you is a plastic bag that 's been happening for the last 25 years .
it 's marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the earth 's surface .
it 's like blood coming out of the body .
it 'll be gone from here in 25 years .
this is a problem , since the warming is the frozen reason for the atlantic ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , when it comes to carbon , is powered by microbes .
compared to all the amount of raw materials in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we crossed that critical point .
it 's pouring into some shallow lakes in alaska methane from itself .
professor siletsky walter of the university in alaska has traveled to another flat lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how are we gonna be ?
and there 's a reason this enormous , uh , industrial park is warming greenland from the north .
this is a highly irregular .
but the volume is much bigger than ever .
this is the southeast greenland river .
if you 'd like to know how the sea level rises through the sea , it runs into the sea .
these rivers are rapidly increasing .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the largest mining colony on the planet .
last month , scientists reported that the entire continent is now having a negative reading .
and the ice cream that appeared over a couple of blocks is particularly strong in melting .
it 's like 20 feet of water , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the north sea , they see new lakes , which were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world get half of their money out of this building .
in the andes , this glacier is the most powerful thing for this city .
we 've got a problem .
but when they dry , most of the drinking water will also be drained .
in california , there was a 40 cc 's of the naval forces of the sierra .
this is about the time travel .
and the predictions as you read them are serious .
this whole world has a dramatic increase in firing .
and the disasters all over the world have gained weight in a really , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a perfectly acceptable security system .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .
in the last five years , we 've produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours , 25 million tons each day .
look closely at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent west and west of the indian land , where there is a significant drop of water in the sea .
the biggest single factor for global warming , next to nuclear power , which makes 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the largest private companies , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot more of them .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been painted over over the past few years with some green alternatives suggested .
there 's a political confrontation in our country .
and the oil companies and oil companies have spent a $ 25,000 last year to apply clean cash , which is already a contradiction .
this picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , at my house in tennessee , a billion tons of gold .
they probably saw it on the news .
this is in our entire country of america 's most wanted .
this happened at christmas .
one of the commercials at christmas was this one .
frosty the duck is a jolly , cheerful fellow .
it 's in a shell and a lot in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , it gets cleaner every day .
he 's adorable and lovable , and workers stay in wages and bread .
this is the source of most money in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey industries .
let me be perfectly clear .
so the alliance has called for two campaigns to live .
this is a part of her .
at the time of the week , we 'll consider a serious threat to our business .
that 's why we put it on the top shelf , spend a considerable amount of money on the way to get the truth about money .
the fact is money isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good
so , don 't worry about the wedding plans .
leave that to us .
you heard a lot about it .
so let 's do a tour of these modern , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean .
this machine is pretty loud .
but it 's the sound of the clean glass .
and yet the burning of coal is one of the global warming , which is remarkably clean , which you see here changes everything .
take a good look at it , this is today , clean slate .
finally , the positive alternative is mixed with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in crisis , economy , national security , the economy .
the red thread that connects all of them is our dependence on the black market like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there is a brave new solution to free us from this predicament .
america will restore 100 % clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to get america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
take care of america .
this is the last one .
it 's about an american policy .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , filthy , who suffocate our world .
the future is here .
new investments to do well paid jobs .
it 's time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be quick , go alone .
if you want to get far , go together . "
we have to get far , fast .
thank you .
i would like to begin by asking you to go back to the time of your childhood when you were playing with your father .
while they realized how to put your hands together and your hands in motion and move , they actually learned to think and solve problems by understanding and changing the context .
the thinking is closely connected to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and develop the energy .
in short , a computer system is a state-of-the-art computer the size of a computer .
you can be moved by your hand , you can feel each other , you can pick up your movements , and you have a screen and a screen .
more importantly , physically , which is why you can only move them through the reach of your hands and reach them .
and the dna results are an example of a new generation of drug use for manipulation .
and if these tools become physical and develop consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the finer points of our relationship with them , then we can begin with exploration and development .
i 'm gonna start with a couple of simple family values .
and if i throw it in one direction , the video goes forward when i throw it in the other direction , it goes backwards .
and these painted portraits take each other 's true .
so if i put it together , it 'll make you interested .
if you 're surrounded by a group , you 'll notice and you can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and inclination .
an interesting episode of the interactions we began to recognize was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like , colors as you do with fluids .
in this case , we 've configured three solar panels and i can use them to pour paint in the middle where they 're mixed .
if we push it a little , we can get a little carried away .
there are also some nice opportunities in education as languages , mathematics , or mathematics , where we give people the opportunity of the quick trial and they want to see results immediately .
here i am - - this is a piece of work that i 'm making with a simple business proposition .
it 's a game of words that 's some kind of a mixture of scrabble , and a little bit of poetry .
in principle , you get every round of every passing letter , and while you try to form words , these will be tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new set of options .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a trip .
you really loved it .
it 's an interesting circumstance in this kind of way that you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
there are some people here who are testing it .
this is our youngest high school teacher down there on the right .
it turns out he just wanted to stack the plastic bags .
so , to him , you were just an amateur .
this is a highly irregular .
we were going to develop an energy pulse for the brain .
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by picking up the top of the table that shows this character .
here he lets the sun rise .
the sun rises
now he 's getting a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the walls and putting them together , he can let the characters interact ...
... invent his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it develops .
flying cat .
the last example of which i have time to show it today is a theme song for music that we have recently developed and in the sound of sound , bass and drums .
each has four different variations ; you can choose which you want to use .
and you can put those notes in the sequence you can order in any pattern .
and you feed them by just holding a giant stick to a baby 's head .
there are effects you can change live , like hall and filter .
you connect him with a certain tone , and then you turn him in .
and then the effects of speed and volume you use on the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we 'll start in which we 're going to put the energy in two of them and order them in a row , expand them and add a little more of the voice .
now i add a bass .
now i 'm gonna do some drums .
and now i connect the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by blowing the tempo one way or another .
and now i 'm gonna connect the filter to the bass for a little more expression .
i can surround the sequence while it 's running .
i don 't have to plan it in advance , but i can improvise , extend it , or shorten it .
and in conclusion , i can block out the whole sequence by leaning to the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new techniques that are better suited to how our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to show you a part of these new designs and some of the possibilities of what we 're working on in our lab .
the thought i want to give you on the way is that we are at the threshold of this new generation of cyber interaction with media , bringing information to our world that matches our requirements .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to you all !
hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , well , what do you want ?
i 'm gonna have to take a little swing at it , and i 'm gonna have to get a little bit busy with the modern weather .
i 've been studying law school for a few years now , and that 's what i started because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , which is , in theory .
well , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to the matter , so ...
i think that in general , in general now , the most common language , all that matters is synthetic biology and so forth ,
extremely important , now is extremely important and much more important , much more important in the future .
there are so many things like all these different plants on the floor .
now , there 's craig cusack in the oil fields trying to make some kind of carbon dioxide , so fuel from algae .
under then there are things that have come completely in the daily life , which most people are not aware of , for example , that allow us to wash with forty degrees of laundry , they 're also more efficient .
and the list can be continued indefinitely .
and so out of the interest of this technology , i just went in there .
why hack ?
most people know most of them .
computer hacking , and then it 's always gonna be like this in the media , yeah , the hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
well , that 's kind of sad to say , because that 's not what she actually started like that and what 's behind it .
and it 's also the internet .
and it 's about solving a problem with a creative , original way .
and it 's just that it 's a software thing , but there 's also in the computer system , and there 's a whole computer thing that does all kinds of weird stuff with the internet .
but it 's also a code , and you can program it , and you can hack it , too , and that 's what i find incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get in there a lot deeper .
that actually only took 2,000 really shape , these networks .
there 's , um , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's ,
but it 's always about finding such a casual access to having such a casual relationship .
and then , there 's , you know , " dot " , "
it 's a network from the internet , which is actually more of a forum where you meet and discuss online .
they 're a little technical directed , and they 're also on the way , so , applied questions .
and based on the events that made the whole thing popular , there was this kind of scene i want to take a moment .
here in the picture on the left , you can see , it 's a private school , so basically , a private school , a community center , where everyone can go .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what they can do when they turn on the lights .
there 's a group down here in indonesia , which means there 's been a long time .
longer than those other two networks .
they also employ in such an artistic aspect of biological materials , and , yes , and , yes , it does also combine it in quite a way .
and i have a lecture upstairs in the other picture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the subject .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that unites you all is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it , and what you want to do with it , and to ask for it , so , okay , what do you want to do , do you have any interest in bringing it in ?
so , you know , to hack biology now , you kind of need material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you normally understand under a lab , it 's kind of freaky machines , extremely remote , extremely distant , only for academic and so on .
and our approach was just to say that you don 't have to do that .
that 's not really necessary , because every one of them has actually developed technology higher than most of them .
and o o with this , for example , brian o , in england , tried to put together a toy store , then took one of those , an oil rig , and , yeah , so , and then it worked .
so anyone who 's ever had a soup that he left too long has done .
i was trying to expand a paternity test at my lab , and then i just bought it on ebay and did a little more detailed analysis , so , like , a paternity test at home .
and this one is the one who just mentioned the same thing , this yes , it 's some sort of chemical biology .
and , yeah , well , you can see it 's relatively relative , so there are people who do it alone to big organizations , who do more than that .
and that 's what it was all about , yeah , who are we , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values and what are our values , our basis ?
and that 's when we worked out such a thing .
that was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , his and what moves him , then .
there came a very good code in my opinion .
and we don 't have it , but that 's just , i think , quite well , people are quite convinced .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't .
well , i think we 're from the academy , in that way , even a step further than the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects do we do now ?
a project i did in switzerland with the science project was that we wanted a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we pulled out a portable burner , and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and that didn 't work , but we still learned a lot .
another project from the french group in paris , that worked , that 's pretty cool .
and he 's got this kind of a , you know , kind of a , like , kind of , like , kind of , like , kind of , uh , kind of , uh , kind of like , uh , he 's been working on some sort of , he 's , he 's , he 's , he 's , he 's , uh , he 's , uh , he 's , he 's , he 's , he 's , he 's , uh , uh , he 's , uh , he
then he made this helmet there , and in cooperation with the museum , it went .
then the visitors could go into the room , sit on that chair , put on that helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you thought or how you thought , different lights went on in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that 's got to do with this drug deal , that 's the most complicated word .
so it 's about copying gene , breeding , breeding , breeding fragments , making them visible .
and the machines that do something like that , they 're pretty expensive to buy commercial , the cheapest ones go off at 4,000 euros .
and that 's not in the science lab , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
so this is just an application of many people you can do with it .
i think there 's some kind of $ or something .
but in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a frame where it 's clearly pronounced .
so it 's in my opinion a very powerful hack .
a project i started the other day was to build an oil company .
yeah , it 's like a kind of , you know , kind of a , uh ... it shoots , like , two inches or something .
you load a bottle of milk on the side of the bottle , and then i put it on onions , and then i made it glow .
so the device you see didn 't work .
but that 's my prototype , which looked pretty awesome , on a branch like that , the thing on it , electronics on it and pressure , but that was too high , that thing broke .
and then i picked up a computer chip and hooked it up .
you know , when you fill it with water , it 's got enough pressure , so i think it 's about 40 to 12 .
and then you can speed up the particles strong enough and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 50 euros up or something .
so it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , right now , that 's also the point of the scene to increase the energy levels of technology and also increase the information and the energy levels that more people can hire .
because , like in the beginning , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people have a relatively little bit of a clue about it , and there 's no way they 're really good at it .
because if you just read about it , you know , it 's not the same as when you did it yourself or saw it .
and i think technology is becoming more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to make decisions in society as a law-abiding citizen , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to do it and understand .
and then the opening of the opening season and citizen science .
so that , as a citizen , you are being put into position with these scientific technologies .
and this is the most important part of the world .
these are the people who officially signed up on the web site .
that 's quite a number of people around the world .
and interesting is that you 're also represented in southeast asia .
that 's what i think they are , there are fewer people registered there than they actually exist .
so i know about some who didn 't sign in .
and these are just the individual people now .
in part of it , with these phone records , including these places .
and that 's the beginning .
like i said , it just started .
and , uh , and , uh , so , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ...
and this has now become a giant network of very good , yes , well , most of which have been represented all over the world .
and , of course , we hope that we will spread as much as we do , and then we will be equally connected , so that there will be more people involved .
and i 'd invite every once in a while to deal with it and try something for myself .
it 's not that simple right now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , then you get far .
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
hello .
how do we work people ?
that 's a question that moves me very much as a drug dealer , but also in the area of the drug trade and most of all , users .
it 's about how to run into people in psychic media , so they can use the most sophisticated media , and so they can create a more permanent experience .
because i believe that the most sophisticated media in us have created cognitive models , so in our biological memory , we 've been programmed for a very , very long time , and that we can just bring the media back to normal .
and that 's very amazing , because you actually believe that the future is with us .
what are the most sophisticated models ?
i once wrote down four sets of books and i 'd like to explain them for a second .
it 's too sophisticated cognitive and models that are the models we 've acquired in the most difficult times .
it 's part of these models that we have a natural relationship with the group .
that sounds unusual in principle .
but i 'm gonna go right back to that , and i 'm gonna prove to you by trying to prove that you have a natural relationship with the government .
the second aspect is that we have been able to speak very , very , very figuratively , even though we use a language these days .
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the most powerful media is defined by definition , which includes the environmental controls , and which , of course , tells us that we 're feeling normal today .
the fourth point is that history is a place for us to live .
how about the one with the world 's most amazing thing ?
let me show you something .
how many doors does the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer that on the spur of the moment , but here 's what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
you walk through this house in spirit , where you live , and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what you do .
it 's the reality of reality without computers .
fantastic , right ?
and that 's when we try to paint the virtual reality in our home world , for example , we can do it all the time .
and these assets , the virtual reality of reality , they needed people in the most painful times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or they didn 't have any kind .
they didn 't have any kind .
the only thing they had was her head .
and in that head , the memory played .
in this head , knowledge was pulled out , and using these virtual images , which had just been passed along .
and that 's why it 's so deeply rooted in us that we can handle the way we can .
the interesting part is , if i may take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at this time , human beings were both psychic and medium themselves .
if you think a little more .
what are media today ?
then they 'll notice there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right back to that .
i 've always had a lot of stories .
shaman , priests , so-called , " they were specially cut off to keep knowledge in stories . "
and today we are still very , very strong in stories .
according to the author of the book of the animal , jonathan karras , we still have 24 hours a year with the reception of stories .
that means for a child who spent most of his life in front of stories .
now we think our love for stories depends on us sitting on our parents ' lap as a child .
no , no , far , far .
it goes back much further , in the cultures of time .
but to me , in the area of the world 's most impressive media , it is very impressive that we have built in our biological memory , the ability to think .
i 've brought you an example of the most powerful tribe in the world .
and the lives lived in british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very sophisticated area and you had to navigate from island to island to get food .
and they did it with so called a family .
you might know that , too , if you care a little bit about it , from the australian people .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have any cell phones , but they used it like that , too .
and what 's interesting is that the navigation and the areas of the region could be presented with songs .
although the language was highly advanced .
it means that you 're talking about sounds and rhythm .
and these sounds and that rhythm have portrayed the geology , which , of course , has also made it possible that you could put those songs together and put them together and turn to the left , to the right and move back to the left .
why don 't we sing to get to b from above ?
not to navigate .
what happened ?
that 's what happened .
we used to move in the name of the book .
the book happened , and the book happened , and it happened .
and that 's exactly what happened , that we moved responsibility for our memories and our own production of our individual memories to external media .
the book and the picture .
so , unfortunately , we have lost a piece of god 's memory .
it was a strange thing to do with reality .
from the main entrance to the main entrance .
what has influences on our minds and our memories ?
then these are the most advanced influences in the most advanced cultures .
and they will have been more and more signed over over over the centuries by the influences of the empire .
that is , instead of reminding us individually , we have advanced , wide spread , in tons of patterns of memories we can depend on .
we don 't produce ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we don 't imagine things in pictures anymore , but we encourage you to speak our language .
we 've been getting used to things happening .
and we have accepted the laws of the law and there are only exceptions , like the law .
what we have left is the most important .
we 're still very , very , very , very , very , very , very heavily arrested .
the question is , what 's next ?
we had the ministry of education , we had the main event , and we are now going to go on with the so-called war .
well , that sounds a lot like science fiction , i know .
but these concepts of the trade , they bring us back these opportunities to discover our abilities .
it 's a matter of health care , it 's a matter of health care .
let me explain .
there are technical concepts , for example , the fundamental reality , which means the advanced reality .
as crazy as it may sound , in the context of my brain , we are physically moving in not virtual , virtual worlds , by the example of the holodeck .
and another example is the most intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can be intelligent for a human .
all of this needs the ability to accept our god-given ability as a real habitat .
i graduated , and i hope the video works , a very , very nice project , this is the most beautiful of michael cusack , the most brilliant , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful .
and they 're here today .
maybe you can get up for a second so they can talk about the project on break .
and i brought this project as an example of how to be addressed to this new , cognitive models .
the whole thing is a game , i have to say .
which , of course , is extremely powerful and it 's a matter of principle .
and when i say " go ahead , " you probably have eyes that some people are going to move in front of some kind of computer or play with some console .
in any case , you do that .
this is a game for the outside .
and that is specifically thought that i would discover the outside world , so that i would discover the real world again .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce is the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you might as well explain it a lot better . there 's more to it .
and it 's about me discovering a city by looking at which places are positive or negative .
and that 's how i get from the city a completely different view , a different impression , because i see negative and positive zones of a city , and i get a whole different kind of virtual map of a very , very virtual city .
and we can watch that now .
ah , what you can see here is a little explanation of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives in the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this sack is a talking sack and mine will talk .
he won 't .
i 'll also dissolve what 's in there .
but so far , i 'm just curious .
yes , children are naturally curious or should be curious , designer too .
i 'm out of the house , so , of course , i 'm busy on the subject of curiosity , and how does curiosity change our minds , and why do we lose curiosity and drink it up again ?
it 's a whole series of things that you 're dealing with next to the actual existence of an adult .
when professors get curious , they get a lot of attention in a book like this .
and that 's what i had the last half year .
it 's a matter of natural user interface design .
now you 're going to wonder why all the energy systems are starting to engage with so natural , most sophisticated communication , interaction and so on .
and i only think one of these little devices is because things are supposed to be more and more natural , more and more natural , and that 's where you have to look , which is , of course , for us , which is intuitive or intuitive .
so i 've been busy , when is something natural or intuitive ?
maybe you 'll have to take another look .
why does that even happen ?
so , if we look at the development of our society here , we 'll move from the third to the fourth of july or west .
so from the modern one to the top .
every society is marked by a human being .
in the beginning , it 's the language .
it means you 've been found , so you 've spoken a common language , you could communicate with each other , moved into the same cave or in other areas , formed cities or villages and created a cave .
but the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn , too , so no infant can speak of nature , but we 'll learn how to do it .
that was then replaced by the ancient society and the first form of the earth alliance .
that was a long time ago , because , of course , you started living language in the form of writing , which means what 's more powerful and alive , i start and put it in stone , and that 's what i 'm doing .
depending on how i look and when i look at it , of course , it 's a completely different story than if there 's any living thing .
but then , in the end , the handwriting was drawn as a book .
then the next generation that we actually live in today came to be even more .
that 's just the print and the print of the writing with the writing and the other .
back then , it was just as much an insult as nobility , clergy , and others said , " if the people start reading , they want to talk later , and that 's totally fatal .
it 's totally confusing us , of course , because we 're looking at the one side of the new media , social media , facebook , and so on .
and these two worlds are shooting at each other , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing is , when you look at this , this new company , this new company , this company , this company , it 's very different , very many principles , principles , and most of the most brilliant .
now , not on local level , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that the subject is a business proposition .
not when i think this place is gonna go down , and the neighbor thinks it 's not gonna work .
it means , from the local village , a village has actually become one of the same principles , as well as intuitive , but also total transparency .
the way you knew back in the village , who had something to do with who and when , this is what happens today about this expansion of our own , through this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
be it that we know global warming and we 're always faster and better .
just like it used to happen in the village .
in front of the background , i 've been busy looking at it , what does it mean , of course , for us , what have we forgotten , what is instinct for us ?
because a lot of people come in , they can 't make it more complicated so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
then you get busy , even during college , with the subject of perception and perception .
and that , of course , is something where you start to look and say , okay , now i just look inside myself .
and what does it look like in there ?
so how do we work if we look in ?
and what does it mean , naturally , intuitive and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive processing work ?
because steve jobs once said you needed to dig up how it works .
so you really have to look in detail , if i want to do something constructive or intuitive , which means the core .
and to see how we process information , how do we record information ?
what 's information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
many use the word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i need to understand at the core , in the essence , when will information become information and information , in turn , so i know how to make things as intuitive or natural as possible .
and of course , how does design affect perception .
so much more natural , in a vessel , but i can see directly where is salt and pepper .
and when i tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , he 'll figure out where it is .
and just access intuitive on the left , and hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , just add salt .
but even our perception itself , how is she deceiving us ?
like this perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little one , although that 's not the case , but they 're just as big as it is , and yet our perception changes after what context we put into .
anybody know what that is ?
come on .
it should still work .
it 's more like my glasses .
so it 's a circle .
a second circle is about to start to look at certain resemblance or something .
that 's what they call a " brain " or just " brain " that affects us in perception .
they usually have this in the first semester .
it 's a matter of time .
often in the third , then forgotten again .
but that 's an essential ingredient , if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
the next phenomenon , which is very interesting .
sounds very banal , but it 's exciting when you get closer .
so we got eyes on the front , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
that 's wrong .
you 'll see from behind .
because you have an assumption that you will see something you recognize , the circle that you recognize .
that means we 're gonna get to see ours first , before we see it , put it back in our back pocket , to say , okay ,
i got a cognitive impairment , you got something you want to see .
that 'll be there , that 'll come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front , and it says now you really want to look again and make sure that what you see is what you want to see .
and then it goes back , and then it 's actually seen .
so a very , very exciting process , how certain things go and what kind of things happen to these things .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows .
anybody see anything ?
it 's a big one .
if i saw that once , that there 's a gun in there , you know that .
you 'll never forget it because i 'll show you where it is .
now , look at this .
now you see him .
which means i 've actually corrupted you now that you don 't recognize any pattern in there , but i 've got you covered in time to keep seeing that dog in this picture .
and this is the projection of the brain tissue .
now i know , and now i 'm going up to the front that i 'm going to see the light .
i see the light .
all right , very exciting trials , which then in this , yes , it 's not gray , but it just goes according to this mass .
anybody know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know something takes three seconds , so to speak , from the present , i can bridge very well in which i keep him busy with three seconds .
he has to process that as a present .
then it goes back to the past , and so i can bridge very elegant computer functions , for example , if i know this phenomenon .
what 's going to take 25 ?
yes .
a very exciting phenomenon too .
that 's the time you fall in love .
that means , look out , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at for how long , because i don 't take credit for what can happen exactly .
and a very exciting phenomenon .
this is the period of most of the time we have .
that means this first impression happens in a rapid speed , as we perceive things .
and as we see things that we care about and how we , in a way , protect ourselves against our environment so that we can think about it accordingly .
of course , it 's not only the issue of the subject of the subject of the most powerful and most powerful , but the subject of the world .
so how does a man deal with certain things accordingly .
there are times when the practical functions , so there are certain aspects or aspects .
i know exactly where to reach .
but there 's also symbolic functions , why is there someone for such a small purse , where there 's no such thing as a fit , so much money , even though it 's not practical ?
there we are , more like , on the main street , which we deal with , of course .
back to my actual topic of natural interface and the subject of which , of course , is a matter of principle .
it always means , how can i reach a certain destination as quickly as possible , or how can a nuclear reactor in a certain capacity as effective , efficient , efficient and satisfying a goal .
that 's more like the norm .
how can i do anything as possible ?
can i do this right now or do i need a manual or i need a proper education for it .
and it 's a little less of a day 's work .
that i 'm just doing this differently and more beautiful , doesn 't mean it 's better to be .
you have to understand .
but it 's not only been since apple an apple is a highly sophisticated , a more powerful tool if i just want to harness human equipment .
why ?
because , in the rule , we are usually by this new kind of , the natural user , for example , five times the average of our target .
you have to imagine that , if you do something of the classics , you need five hours and with this new kind of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean you 're probably allowed to go home for four hours , but your employer or anyone will figure out how to do it with the four hours .
but i want to say that , of course , it 's an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
if we go back into the field of software here , so the first command line , which were very abstract , where it took months to deal with these systems .
then the next ones that have already come with a model or a mental model like the software have been working , you would have an idea of something , the metaphor , the metaphor to harness the computer .
so no more zeros and a straight code , but a metaphor .
it 's been a lot more fun , but it 's a lot better .
the next generation of the world 's most experienced , is working with a lot more behavior .
well , since i 'm more common than the looks .
it 's such a big deal .
that all of a sudden , the looks are always more and more profitable for success , just to become a school teacher .
and if i add one more step to this user 's natural , where i vote , by voice , by touch , by touch , by gesture , and no more running things , then i 'm even faster .
but that leads me back to the point , when do things actually go away ?
if you 're going to be an expert , and then i have to try my little friend here and see , what does that mean , from the point of view , when is something really intuitive now ?
and that 's always a little intuitive for us when i don 't have to think about it .
so apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he just wants to do it .
the less i think about it , the less it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that means if we look at the fact that we can use a little more on something else , for example , the metaphor , then i can use it as a tool .
that means i can just transfer some kind of computer virus , human brain to a software and make the software a lot more sophisticated .
of course , the question is , what 's the most important thing about us people and now i 've already betrayed it .
that 's what they call it .
that 's what every one of us uses , and it 's an acronym , and it 's for , like , a figure of direction , to inform ,
that 's what everybody does all the time , but he does it subconsciously , and , yeah , kind of intuitive or partly instinctively .
the model is already in the womb , and it 's highly sophisticated , so it works all over the world , and it 's used by us all the time without most of us knowing that this model is present .
there are about 50 or 50 of us depending on activity in our sleep , so in your sleep , you 've discovered that it will be less frequent than the day .
now , i can just get this mental state of mind , control , alert , transfer power to a computer program .
and by this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the host , but now no longer a metaphor of a physical expression , but a metaphor , a metaphor .
and this is on a higher grail than the transmission of a classic metaphor , which is the most powerful .
then i can transfer the whole thing .
i 'm going to try it on a private jet .
everybody just ate cake .
now , as a matter of fact , i 'm talking to the object .
i get the whole picture , i can filter on this now , and i can say , show me all the chocolate stuff , for example .
and suddenly i have an interface which is much more sophisticated and more natural .
i want to give you a very specific aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot be learned .
that 's why everyone here is curious , in fact , people who have a quality you can 't learn .
it 's about now , basically , all of this , the end of the world , 40 years of service , in quality .
and there 's a central point .
and it 's attached to phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day , they give + equals about two grams of phosphorus and every day they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can 't have teeth .
you can 't save energy .
you can 't have bones .
all we could do is slip through the water pipes as a water heater .
in fact , if we don 't take in the phosphorus and pass .
it 's surprising that we 're dealing with something here that 's actually a business proposition , but it 's not .
because everyone 's talking about energy , but no one 's talking about the energy .
it 's a lot critical .
we depend on two countries .
we 've only got two years of phosphorus , and now , with the population of the world , there 's a lot more uranium in the environment than it 's used in all the time .
only in the last 20 years , there have been tons of uranium distributed in our fields in germany .
and we 'll take all that .
it makes leukemia with kids .
and we think we 'd protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , less energy .
that 's not protection .
it 's like if i said protect your child , just hit it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think so from the cradle to the stretcher , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later .
that 's why to think about the cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the floor first .
there 's over 60 % in the ground .
right now , we build corn and lose between 11 and 30 kilograms of 30 tons per acre or at the square feet .
that means we lose more in the ground than new .
of course , we can take a look at it .
and everything is packaging or contents .
for example , at the age of 20 % of the time , diapers .
and because we get older , the diapers get bigger .
that 's them , in a way , all of them .
yeah ?
a baby needs , like , a baby 's diapers .
we could , of course , reduce that to ten percent , but what does that do ?
it 'll settle in china in a second .
it 's nothing .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here 's proof that men aren 't pigs , by the way .
let me tell you .
because the phosphorus will be handed to the pigs about the solid feces .
people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because that 's a deal , right ?
in the traditional way , we think we 're too many in the world .
and if you are the people that if you exist to the people , if you say that 's better , you wouldn 't be there , then they will become hostile and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there 's nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save the earth .
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could also get some termites , but no one in the united states likes termites , even though they 're vegetarians .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they work physically harder than we do , and because they only live three to six months , they match their weight , in the process , a little thirty billion people .
that means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can only be more powerful if you don 't exist , right ?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a tree before ?
yeah ?
one ?
that means our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
there 's no tree .
fortunately , yes ?
there 's no water in trees .
there are still billions of trees in the forest alone .
have you ever heard of trees ?
that means all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and as you can see , even with something like a grain of wheat , the wheat fields , yes farming , do not allow our own crops to go back .
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorus that would really have to go back to the salt mines .
and we 're too many .
alone .
that means we feel so guilty on earth that we say , there is no such thing as a waste of money , no water , and as they all say , allowing our own excrement to go back .
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
i 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful to the cause .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our partial footprint , but it 's about having a big footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's high not being there , right ?
yeah ?
all you can do is have a free pass when you 're not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they 'd have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we make agriculture in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
that way we can get nutrients back in agriculture .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the waste from it .
in china , there 's a chamber chamber of commerce today .
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that means the whole western front line is that the city has always taken but never returned anything to the farmers .
it made the cities grow more and more because the farmers went into cities and the cities had to keep getting their nutrients .
that 's why all the western realms are always expanding until they can no longer make the infrastructure , and then they 're gone .
yeah ?
it was different in china .
you 've been able to bring back the nutrients for over five thousand years .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , you 're expected to stay until you reach the toilet .
because it 's rude to go and bring the nutrients .
they invited her to dinner , not to be invited .
that means you can see on the internet how to get the nutrients back .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate is going back to 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
of course , it 's highly irregular , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are so designed by the design that a farmer can simply design them .
that means that goes back to the world .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw in a liter of water and then the facility would be ruined for years .
it won 't happen .
that means we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we have to get some phosphorus back .
and by the way , if you want to do something about it , write yourself up , in germany , the best fit for all the press conferences in frankfurt .
i 'm afraid they 're not in the mood , but maybe they can help the chief .
because the frankfurt facility could best regain the phosphorus .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we can see that it works .
we 've been in holland for over three years .
the dutch government has explained that you will be the first country in the world , which will cause phosphorus .
but we need all that .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world population .
there 's a whole bunch of them .
these are countries that control 40 % of the population .
and the oil will be replaced by other oil .
but you can 't replace the phosphorus .
that 's not the point of making the existing a little less bad , but it 's about doing something right .
and most of all , to ask what 's right .
that means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it 's easier to understand because in holland , the land is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine , if your wife is sad when you upset her , and you come with 50 roses .
completely inefficient .
but quite effective , yes ?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six pounds during her life .
in .
that 's not exactly scientific , because we don 't know how much is going on .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you is completely inefficient , but quite effective , yes ?
everything in life is not efficient .
that 's why i don 't want to see you .
to ask , what 's the right thing ?
not to burn a little better than to burn it with it , and to lose all the materials for drug use , but first , how do you close ?
imagine mozart efficient .
yeah ?
when i ask her out for dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill and a glass of water .
wonderful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means anything that matters in life is not about saving , avoiding .
the whole thing .
we 'll tell people , you don 't have a nuclear reactor in the south .
no , throwing that away is just the thing , right ?
any place where you throw away , from , yes , you can make it back .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have a heart attack .
as we think of north .
there 's every footprint .
if you walk , yeah , every footprint destroys the floor .
because the floor is about to die , and the wind and the water washes the floor .
but if you 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it 's about creating a big footprint that 's going to be a big one .
don 't look .
we say in germany sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say my condolences .
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , pass , avoid .
every garbage is a waste of money .
and it 's a pleasure to see you in italy throwing people out of a car like that .
because , you know , this is an elaborate process .
it 's a form of animal control , right ?
you can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
for example , we 've developed an energy source . it 's a liquid in the field .
they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two hours , she 's building up everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that they can contribute through the throwing away .
that means we 're useful , not less harmful .
so there are two sides .
i don 't want it all to be natural .
a tv or a washing machine , they only use it , they don 't use it .
it 's just the things that go around , like car crashes , like car tires , they have to be like they go into biological systems .
things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we 're just talking about the biological systems .
yeah ?
for example , for example , for example .
direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company succeed .
because we don 't do things free anymore .
yeah ?
so , when i invite you out to dinner and say this is free of chicken , it won 't help you .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
affirmative .
it 's not like i 'm in love .
not toxic .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first shoes that you can put on the back of the bed with and the rubber can go into biological warfare , right ?
all of it is highly irregular .
and if we succeed , of course , we can do it for the sake of nike and for mauritz and mauritz .
and that 's half of the world 's population that 's being caused by nuclear power .
that 's why you help with that , ask people .
hey , puma , are you really serious ?
because they 've already switched sides twice .
and i 'm not so sure if you really want to .
so , give me a hand with this .
but i can .
yeah .
what 's just been portrayed .
that 's fine .
we can do things now so that when they break , they can break into biological cells .
technical engineering is the same .
there 's this one guy who 's got a big , fat head .
this is the first packed backpack , actually , made to go back into circulation .
you can get things back in any store .
if you come to this , yes ?
remember that diaper ?
if it 's garbage right now .
these diapers are everywhere , almost .
in the countries where people come to money .
right there on the edge , but in the landscape , right ?
yeah ?
alone when you take this diaper , you take it , sterilize , and take the powder to plant trees .
that 's the baby 's favorite for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't need to be more specific , we can be more flexible .
it 's kind of about a more sophisticated , breathing disorder .
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
there are a lot of people working there , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go with , where everyone can join .
so , no more saving , no more avoiding , reducing , no more , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the council .
music as a language .
in the description of my speech , it is written that i , as a translator , myself as a translator , so in english , i see .
i 'm a translator of the musical notes in music .
to translate from the german to english can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it 's strange , but it 's for the layman , what we musicians do with our business .
first , i have only the highest grades .
i 'm sure you think the composer put everything in the notes that he imagined .
in reality , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate , as a verbal , if also very seemingly accurate description , a landscape .
the smell of the flowers is not to smell the smell of the smell of the wind , only to know the air of the wind , not to feel .
that means that the key witness has to translate this piece of evidence to another , which is , in fact , a concrete , concrete , concrete , and concrete ,
today , i 'd like to translate to you what i normally translate musical , so to speak again to a verbal language .
so basically a translation of the translation .
that 's why i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it in english again , it would be the same with the translation of the translation .
so the music works for me as much as the language .
the grades have the function of letters .
so it 's not enough to learn only to read notes and to press the appropriate buttons on the piano or the right place on a tv show .
it 's just the letters you learned to paint .
you don 't know the meaning of the letters until you know the language .
therefore , you need to use for the sound of music at least as long as it takes to speak the language .
there 's also a question of whether you learn to be passive , only understand , or you can speak freely , until the music begins .
the work of the council is starting to look like the work of a police officer .
after you first picked a play to play , because you 're excited about it , you start to study for the creation of the composition .
you collect information about the piece in the paper .
you read in the letters , letters , notes , or words , thoughts of the composer itself .
you study the works he wrote before and after .
you make a comparison .
the reason to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
how were his business trips , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested .
you think yourself into that time by looking at pictures or reading literature .
in time , you also have an empire to know about the composer you play more often , and it always makes you feel easier to look inside and feel .
the composer becomes more of a friend to live with .
his request to write the play will always be more and more to my personal business to play it .
now that the notes are all other than an accurate record of the composer , but only a scaffolding , i now turn on this scaffolding to restore it with meaning and meaning .
i 'll say with my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'll play what these sounds could mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what you could mean to him now .
every sound , every phrase gets a sense of it , because i feel it myself because it 's coming out of mine personally .
it must be for me in here , and now i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the piece that i 've worked for so long in advance , to experience how new .
how to relive a happy new day , though always with the same rituals of life , get up , have breakfast , go to work , so i can always relive the same play .
i 've grown up one more day , change the seasons , my pulse goes slower in the morning , and in the morning , it takes longer than sound to come back home .
i take the audience 's breathing true , conscious or unconscious .
all that affects me and all that affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , too , when i 'm standing on the stage with a tv star and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , productive conversation .
you bring in a new idea , and right away , this one will be answered with a reaction .
it 's exciting , because then things that we haven 't rehearsed and what we can 't rehearse .
it 's great fun to make music that way , and you , as the audience , have experienced the way the music communicates alive .
every concert is another concert .
i will never play like this again .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
i will have more life experience than i am today , and therefore , on my side of the earth , i will have much more emotion and emotions than today .
sure , i 'll have thrown out a couple of college kids , too , but for that , i 'm going to have a new career .
have a nice , concrete example .
it was on a business trip to my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen , a known art teacher , a renowned professor of the arts school in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was much too young , so that he was already a student when i finally started studying .
but i was lucky to get to know him very early at 13 years , and so i went to school on his classes .
i was seventeen when i was back in one of his classes , playing the last of the four pieces of chopin , one of them .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was for me .
it 's such a delicate part .
and in my book , i said , anticipation .
that 's when he said , like ?
that must be the age difference .
for me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
well , at 17 , you have dreams , but no significant memories .
i play the play again every couple of years , and it 's always turned to me , although no one 's changed .
every time it 's exciting , because i keep reading something new .
it 's an example from a very different area .
it 's always the same garden , but at different times of the day , by light .
he was translating the most powerful , the way he saw you , the way you looked at him right now .
it 's his personal favorite of the world .
the evolutionary interpretation of a brain is similar to this .
in the meantime , i 'm older than chopin when he wrote the play .
he 's only lived for more than 20 years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking at grades , even though i mean , to be able to memorize them .
in order to keep a low profile with the composer .
because the grades are the only connection to him .
especially when he 's already dead .
well , how do you begin to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as it takes to speak the language .
sometimes music is like learning to read the grades .
you practically learn to read first , before you just say one word .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
if all fingers in time and right as it is in the notes , then sounds come out like music .
if that happens correctly , the student gets the most beautiful piece .
it 's hard to talk about interpretation .
all right , well , it 's a quick play .
slow down .
loud and sound , f and b , et cetera .
most people know this .
but even if you add that information , it still remains a little technical .
and it 's still not an interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder how often you forget something quite extraordinary .
because that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical , should be there before .
because singing .
a child who didn 't learn how to sing because the parents weren 't pretending , it won 't do itself .
it 's just like when i was in the bathroom .
it is necessary to have his own experience and idea of music , then to make it sound more like another way , so about an instrument .
people who have never sung have never felt directly with their own body as it is to form a sound .
a phrase with its own breath .
that 's because the body is expanding .
our vocal chords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
that 's how the piano plays the sequel to my fingers .
the melody comes from the sound and the rhythm of the dance .
i don 't think that 's a good idea .
you don 't have to make music when you get bored .
no need to whistle or sing a song .
every music gets knocked down every time you get sucked off the outside with music .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do if i can 't sing ?
i ask , can 't you sing , a , because you don 't think you can sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for them to start to figure out if they can 't , or learn how to use those little muscles that adjust their vocal cords .
you can train that .
or c , because you were told you were unfit .
i wonder how competent was this diagnosis ?
have you brought in an army or a private party like they say these days ?
or d , you don 't like music , and you don 't want anything to do with it .
but what i would regret , because music is a beautiful thing .
but maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , no one has to be a candidate .
but don 't tell me i don 't understand the classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can say whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think anyone says i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
well , you don 't give up on food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me if you like it or not .
whether the music is too sweet for you or too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , they also have standards and want to add a little more spices or taste even fine differences .
why am i asking my audience to listen ?
because the music is a language and a language is for communicating .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work .
the food cooked by a cook or a cook , must be eaten and not just looked at or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when a music is played .
she 's not just a nice girl .
when in an environment where adults go to music , or at least listen to music , a child grow up , it 's easy for a music teacher , what color is your flower ?
can you play it in blue now ?
and the child plays , after a flower , instead of a red flower .
and that sounds different than before .
that was the first beginning of a musical instrument .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today that was originally written a hundred , 200 or 300 years ago ?
meanwhile , the instruments have changed .
there was no piano at the time .
it just wasn 't invented yet .
i think the bach would have been thrilled if he had the most promising opportunities in modern history .
i can make the sound of the wind today , which can 't be made on the modern wing .
even beethoven knows he heard more than he had already been deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra from then on turned down to be a musical instrument .
that 's why the composers are dependent on us to create the pieces again .
so that they may become the things they have imagined in mind .
and what you would think in spirit today .
or what i thought today , because what you might have thought .
thank you .
you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shit .
i have a friend who drives a car .
when i come along , with my little v , and then i miss , that feeling comes up .
something shoots through my head .
i say , ulf , what do you need a big car for ?
it 's been losing half its value for the first year .
and anyway , you work a lot less than i do .
why do i have to afford a car like that ?
and then i think of it right away , it 's unfair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , that unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great method to make such unpleasant feelings as envy disappear .
you can try that with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i want to explain something to you today with this mechanism or something that 's probably familiar to you .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you may have heard when people say no one has the intention to build a wall .
and then i put stones in it so he can block their view .
in such a lie , you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to make sure that he has something else in mind .
he 's just faking you and not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you deceiving yourself .
you need that lie to keep a secret service to keep a secret .
they can bring them down less easily , yes , check , or even collapse .
you need time .
from this time , an anecdote you may know .
the spanish painter pablo picasso once sent a woman .
that woman complained afterwards , the portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso answers , just wait .
they 're getting more and more alike .
at this point , and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is and how much time they need to know something that artists can very well share .
because artists have a profound relationship to lie .
the artist will share something with you and especially this lady , which she can 't see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist will share something with you in such a portrait , which you will not be trusted until you see this work of art again .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you at all , and it 's becoming more like you .
here you have this mechanism where we can use the lie as a great invention for the sake of our founding fathers .
and not only in art , even in the history of mythology , in stories it comes back .
you may know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning asking him who 's the most beautiful in the whole country ?
one day this mirror says yes , there 's a nicer one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror cannot lie , from this true information .
but we should just get acquainted with not telling a woman there 's a nicer one somewhere .
this is where we need to put what we understand under the influence of the law .
we need that lie in this place that gives us the illusion we can 't live without .
we don 't only have art , in art , but in science such great lies .
and there 's this story about the bishop 's wife .
she heard of this book by charles darwin , the creation of the species and the lineage of man .
that the man of the monkey should be driven away and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between humans and apes .
and then she ran to her husband and said it wasn 't true what charles wrote .
i want the man to walk away from the monkey or have a common ancestor .
no , no , i can 't .
and if it 's true , then we have to stop people from knowing .
why do we have to prevent people from knowing something when it 's true ?
because we can 't live without those baby eyes .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we must prevent people from knowing things , especially when they are true .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism will dissolve and look like the tracks he leaves behind , which lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want to give you another story .
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
he 's a trained student .
she likes him especially because he has an inclination for sincerity .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm with the fire department .
and because i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
yeah , you can feel it when you 're cheerful in that spot .
i told my wife every time a man in a moral justification uses the words , we should try to replace it with words .
do that once and then learn the sentence .
even though i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
you feel that 's the real truth behind information .
a little boy like that , he doesn 't give a shit about the money .
he 's interested in the business .
but there are no clubs we can look for where you learn how to fire .
there 's only the second best , the fire department .
he signed up .
you don 't tell your teacher you like to lay fires somewhere and be happy when the fire comes later .
no , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning up the dangers that others can 't make until they start firing .
here 's this little mechanism .
this reprimand on the inside of the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say that out loud .
that 's just how words we always use in the language of the politically correct instrument .
actually , we know something else is the case .
but we know when we say that , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it 's impossible to present such things in a society that should work .
i want to tell you what we found out in my institute .
by the logic of this deception , this delusion , the willingness , another reality than the one that we already know is valid to spread out .
i want to present you two , maybe three examples .
the first example of what many of you know , and some of you value , very few of you don 't need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is such a spiritual thing , says , " i 'm afraid . "
and from this soul , you now think that in some way , in this unnatural nature , it is in the latin , which is called a gift .
and then when this man comes across man , he 's filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul .
and then he can just run away .
this is the idea of how the soul works .
so she 's supposed to go from the outside to man .
so we shall perceive them as something that should be present for our lives .
and if you have that condition in front of you , then you understand the logic that we experience this happiness through a lie to improve our world .
because now you can use a magic wand .
you remember the school .
this is now a test of logic .
that 's the hardest part in my lecture , by the way .
here , you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
because to lie , you can simply use that logic wrong .
there are three sentences in this room .
the first sentence is , klaus claims there is no soul .
the second sentence is if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third sentence .
i put it right here .
a third sentence that shows up with people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say who has no soul , he 's dead and can 't say anything .
and here you feel it .
here comes the logic in this , yes , in this most exciting speech .
you see it now .
the first two sentences are logical .
i can say anything .
logic doesn 't make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm not right , the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what goes .
i can say anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , it 's true .
so if klaus says there 's no soul .
second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
these things are logical .
and now our conscious consciousness feels right , that 's what you can do .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and acts like the opposite of the first sentence is proven and provided .
actually , we 'd have to prove whether there 's a soul or not .
but with that logic that it simply uses that two sentences are logical , and a third amendment that looks like he 's got something to do with it so we can save our investment .
so we pretend it 's impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can continue these things in different directions .
in the present , we have a very modern example that keeps filling the glass .
you 'll have to hold on to another topic , a philosophy of life , a gift .
this has to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there was a scholar named johannes , and after that , the donkey is named .
the ignorant donkey is a donkey that is pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's such a big deal .
and if you place the exact one in the middle of the middle between the two of us , he 'll starve .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go first .
so he 's right in the middle .
that 's the way they 're supposed to be .
the forces with the most powerful force can solve each other .
nothing happens .
only if you make another example , so if she makes a haystack bigger , then he doesn 't need reason and nothing .
it 's automatic .
so if you have this idea that in nature , you 're kind of driven by nature , by the bigger bunch of people who dress you right now , then you feel that there must be such a free will .
and if we 're even here in frankfurt on the main , then i 'll remind you of the time of day .
there 's a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes they say wolf singer says there 's no such thing .
now we can rebuild the second sentence and say that if wolf singer is right , he has no choice .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost daily in the daily newspaper , you 'll find in that third sentence .
he looks like the kind of guy who doesn 't have a license can 't be held responsible for his actions and claims , and therefore he 's insane .
here you go again .
in fact , you 'd have to prove if there 's such a thing as a waste of time .
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence is wrong in the first place , as if one should take the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do anything yourself , if you want to test something for yourself , and especially if you want to make people happy , practice that courage to lie .
practice this , for example , if you ever meet a person you can tell , there 's no such thing .
and please , don 't use the german word for the lord , it 's prophet .
you can 't call it that , that would be a bit political .
tell them there 's no such thing .
right now , they 're going to find out who there is , of course , that you can 't prove .
and you already have a problem .
because while you 're busy trying to figure out that you can 't prove that there 's no such thing as the man is happy .
he 's very happy because he fooled you .
because he led them on a trail he doesn 't even stop himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
he 's only interested in keeping himself safe from the need to prove that there are any signs of infection .
so , in the way of the change of time , you 'll see the nature of the lie .
and once again , if you have a chance to feel that way with other people , do it , because you 'll make others happy if you don 't remember that way .
thank you for your attention .
hello .
i asked lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the top brass here from this great event , and she asked me if i wanted to give up my idea .
i have to tell you the truth , you 've got it , i 've had a hard time talking about my idea at first .
and may i present my favourite , that i try to introduce you .
but , of course , it 's the amount of ideas .
and then it took me to berlin in the middle of the ' 80s , because i wanted to make renewable energies , and i didn 't have that .
that 's where they had the most amazing thing .
they used to be called all the family names , and they were also called the family names .
they call it a day .
because a good engineer either built a great car or built it .
but it 's just as stupid as a dog 's ass , out of a hundred watts out of the square , that was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy drug problem .
i am grateful to the court that he has restored the word again because after the war , you were not allowed to use the word because everything on the left was bad .
but it wasn 't like that in the years .
it was just that there was some kind of a thing that was called the " evil " and one of them was just sitting in the middle of the night where you suspected evil .
the location of the emergency room , but that was called a " b " and " b " , and then i started in the middle of the night .
and yes , a lot of what 's been said today is touching me very much because many , many , many beautiful words i 've lived through .
i 've been working in the collective for 11 years , that 's all .
we were 20 people .
it 's full of bullshit .
and then i held it up until i was with my friends , and then i became a member of the company , who then became one of the world 's most elite .
and i brought you a project i want you to meet .
and the title of the title was , yeah , how to get 100 % .
and we just started asking with a relatively lucrative story , where would you put a memory ?
on this island , this is the island of lockerbie .
yeah , that 's the data .
there are four and a half thousand people .
they 've got 15 % of the day .
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
it just doesn 't work .
if they make more mistakes , the system starts to fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
but not true , we have seven percent in europe and our net is physically seen by the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems the people on this island .
the question was , if that 's what counts , the first contacts started with the island , just count on it .
how big would it have to be to have a battery like this so that you could bring an island to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 percent of it .
and , yes , i 'm going to take another slide .
the conventional system looks like it all over the world .
by the way , a year or so , there will be about a hundred electrical power on the world 's most powerful power .
that 's what the performance of a hundred dollar bill is , because it goes everywhere .
the world 's main event is wiped out with diesel because you don 't need authorization .
that 's fast .
you put a box like that .
and then it usually does .
there are always three of them lost , two always waiting .
yeah , that 's how it looks down there .
we also got very specific data .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
our goal was to just say , okay ,
the diesel will flow and the wind , the sun will serve the burden so that you can cut the larger portion .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % renewable energies , so energy a year , not the performance at the moment , then you have to turn off the diesel .
that means right now , you need to make sure that the renewable energies can sort of take over the entire network .
of course , you can only if you 're going to be dragged here in some way .
nobody 's ever done that before .
it 's a small style , so you can also use your razor in the car .
people always ask me , what do you think you 're doing ?
that 's all right .
but if you want several of these , you want them to build a net , it gets very complicated .
it 's definitely gonna be an oil rig , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , or sh , it will be .
then you 'll have to go to a police station , and you 'll have to pay more attention , and not just to pay off .
we just wanted to know what happened to a normal , breathing battery .
how far do you get ?
and then they did a lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
it 's great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average when the average man gets up five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the drug dealers .
what would have to be done ?
negotiating with investors , i 've been looking for new sales .
we were only five people then to rebuild one around society .
here 's the presentation .
the brown is sort of the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a power drain is that we 're still doing 20 % of diesel , and we 're not going to make one of those other things .
and that 's what they said on the island .
we also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we decided to build a hall in berlin where we can , in a manner of speaking , use the electrical conditions of the island on the scale of one to three .
that means we were looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here she is .
it comes from asia in the fall of japan .
and in the last few years , she was developed at bbc mannheim , today , and then became a member of the japanese .
it 's a very , very large battery .
she has a steady performance , and she can do that for six hours , and that 's the battery that we have so to speak .
and then they set up .
over here , we simulate the whole thing , the cable 's power source , so to speak , we can use it on the net .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also put two hundred square feet on the net .
here we see this again , we 'll see the diesel again , here 's the whole , every one of them .
and what we 've been doing since the time of the year , the hall has been finished , until today , everything we 've done between the individual systems of electronics , we 've done it .
so , we 're not a government agency , we define ourselves as a company that 's between the battery and the subject and the net and everything .
you have to communicate to the battery , of course , you have to communicate in the net , and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island , you can basically add to all the problems that we 're going to get if we want to increase our share of money .
so this whole discussion , like , is about to go down and down , like this , on the island , we have , for example , 25 to 30 % , so we have the wind and the sun .
i 'll give you a discount .
all right .
we can start by blending in on the island .
that means when you 're 70 % more powerful , you can 't do that without memory .
you know , you can go through a computer system , you can go through the nets , yeah , you should do that anyway , listen to the cut , but you 'll never be able to give up memory .
and that 's the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at this because you can see what problems you get .
when we shut down the diesel , you just don 't have the most powerful mass that causes certain inertia in the net .
and , basically , we have a whole bunch of big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big ,
we look into this net , we see the 50 hertz , and when it gets dark , we catch up with a couple of fire trucks , then a little steam goes back in , we come back up .
that 's the system .
and of course it 's incredibly slow .
if you put this somewhere , it 'll take a while .
the reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the net stable .
and in time , you can react differently .
if you don 't have that anymore , this mass of yours , you 'll have to replace it with the power and power .
and we can use this big battery twice as many times .
then you can see the enormous amount of energy there .
and the message is now , we have to dispense with these satanic masses , so to speak , our goals 20 , 20 percent , 20 , 20 , 20 , 30 percent , and so on , if we want to reach them ,
then we 'll have to take down our most effective weapons array .
the power plant is running to keep the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a thing right now , because we don 't have one or two because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can take down the memory banks , which can also be used by putting the most powerful memory in the net .
fortunately , there are a lot of studies now .
and for that purpose , people will always come and look at our favorite food on the , practically our favorite .
and , yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far you can put a piece of future there .
and many discussions i 've had over the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had in the last 30 years .
i can 't , it 's bullshit , we 've been expecting everything , never counting .
we 've got 30 days in germany .
that 's exemplary .
and i 'm just assuming that in the next 30 years , we 'll have the same capacity for saving the entire world .
it 'll be easy .
there 's gonna be a whole lot of fighting and fighting .
the beauty of it is that in the last two years , i have experienced that the scientists are on my side .
we 've been getting over ten million dollar bills by now , to put a bomb on the german net .
this will happen next april .
so from that point on , you can also see that there 's a change , and only from this angle to yes , to the idea of a hundred percent .
and if you have a hundred percent , it 's like a system .
so far , in discussions , these people are always trying to work out , they have their own little net , that 's got nothing to do with our network .
the question is simple , if you make yourself completely independent of any fossil or fossil fuels that will be transported somewhere in the world and taken to you , then you 're an island .
then they just consume what 's left of the sun and wind where they live .
and that 's a little bit of our vision of an energy supply , and i 'm also grateful that you said you 'd be using power tools .
and that 's what we do , and in that case , even the lecture of the people who are allowed to be a collective again and again , take advantage here a little .
and yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a vision .
and you really have to be tough on it , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , head of the los angeles times , one day walking through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , an african-american , sociable , homeless , playing on a violin that only had two strings .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless man on the streets of los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 two years ago at walt disney hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth and came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
we came to talk music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying that nathaniel was interested in me for a few days .
i still have to mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with electric shocks and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him all his life .
and in exactly one of those places , nathaniel was when we first started with our first time in the walt disney hall .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played beethoven 's first sentence .
and while i was playing , it occurred to me that there was a complete change in my eyes .
it was like he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
in a calm curiosity and grace .
and as by a miracle , he took his violin and began to play some of the articles of poetry and then asked me to finish it :
then we started talking about music , started talking about bach about beethoven , brahms , and all the other " b " and " b " , " all the other " b " from " to " go " .
and i realized that he didn 't only have a certain knowledge of music , but also connected him to a close personal relationship .
he spoke of her with a passion and understanding that i only know of my colleagues in los angeles .
by playing music and talking about music , he was from this paranoid , confused man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a lovable , educated , trained musician in juilliard .
music is medicine .
for nathaniel , music means spiritual health .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity into something real .
and that 's how he made his favorite movie .
i understood that this is the essence of art .
this is exactly why we make music so that we can form something deep inside , our feelings , our artistic lens , through our reality .
and the reality of it all reaches us and moves , inspired , and unites us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the power of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who recognized his talent and respected him .
and i 'm going to go back and forth with nathaniel , whether walt disney hall or on a row , because he reminds me why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta , i want to play something that i stole from the prison guard .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
so i 've known a lot of fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a nice fish , it was a nice fish , it was a good consistency , it was a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was bred in the early stages of sustainability .
so i guess you could feel selling it .
i had a relationship with that beauty over several months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked if i could recite at an event about the sustainability of the farm .
" of course , " i said .
here was a company that tried to solve what this incredible problem has become to our cooks .
in the last 50 years , we 've fished the seas like we 've beaten forests bald .
it 's hard to destroy .
90 % of the big fish , the ones we love , the big fish , the big fish that we love , the big fish , the big ones , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so i guess it 'll be a part of our future .
there 's a lot of arguments against that .
he has 15 to 1 .
that means 15 pounds of gold is necessary to get a pound of gold .
not very sustainable .
not very good either .
so there was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support you .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts straight , you 're famous for growing so far out in the sea , you 're not polluted the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said , " we 're so far out the garbage is being distributed by our fish , not focused . "
and then he added , " we 're basically a world of our own .
he said , " that 's what he said .
" the best in the business . "
- yeah .
what are you feeding ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was in bed thinking , what the hell is a protein ?
so i called the next day just before the event , don .
i said , " don , what are sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with a couple of people at the company , and no one could give me a proper answer until i finally got off the phone with the chief .
let 's call him don , too .
" don , " did i say , " what are sustainable proteins ? "
well , he mentioned a few algae and a few sea lions , and then he said ,
i said , " what ? "
he said , " yes , feathers , skin , skin , leftovers , dried and processed into food . "
i said , " how many percent of your chicken is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what 's sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting away from this fish .
no , not ' cause i 'm a big fan and i 'm not .
i am .
no , i actually snuck off that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish is another kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish , you love the fish more .
i ate it first at a restaurant in west berlin .
a journalist had spoken of this fish for a long time .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , white color .
the cook had him .
hold twice .
surprisingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's turned out ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least the way you and i understand it .
he 's a biologist at veta la reynie .
it 's a silver mine in the southwest corner of spain .
it 's near the river 's muzzle .
the farm was in the hands of the villagers .
they were on top of what they were essentially .
they did it by running the country .
they built this complicated episode of channels , and they pushed water out of the country and out into the river .
well , you couldn 't make it work , not economic .
and it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which are many birds in this place .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally cut the lever .
instead of running the water , they used the channels to restore the water .
they 're running the channels .
they created a 11,000 acres of frozen bass , frozen , frozen , eel , and miguel and his company completely reversed the destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they 're staring out on the horizon that 's a million miles away , and all they see are wireless channels and that dense , dense march .
i wasn 't there long ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of " a crocodile to kiss . "
there we were , and we fought through the walls , and i sweat and i sweat , i have mud to my knees , and miguel is in peace .
this is where he picks up a rare blood vessel .
now , he 's talking about the family values .
and here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the giraffe .
turns out miguel spent the biggest part of his career in the north african national park .
i asked him how he turned into such a monster .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert on relationships . "
and then he goes and falls into more talk of rare birds and algae and strange sea creatures .
and don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the most productive community , kind of .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head got weak over this delicious piece of fruit i had on the eve .
so i interrupted him .
he pointed at the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the seaweed , the connections , that 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what 's the status report ? "
well , he 's continuing to tell me it 's such a sophisticated system that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .
it 's what the fish feeds .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely irregular .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a police officer had asked for a job .
and we bow around the corner , and we were offered the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands , a literally a carpet as far as the eye .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
" she 's gone . "
i was completely confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't you eat your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and fish to the birds .
well , last year there were 600,000 birds on this property , over 250 different kinds .
it has become the greatest and one of the most important private contractors in europe today .
i said , " miguel , isn 't a good , uh , " not the last thing you want to have on a tv show ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we 're gonna build a new set , not intense .
this is a wireless network .
they eat the shrimp .
they eat the shrimp .
so the stomach the better the system . "
okay , let 's rethink this , a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your robbers .
it 's a family thing , but it 's also a family thing .
oh , and , by the way , i don 't even think that i should be there .
they 're breeding in a town of 240 miles away , where the water supply is better for the water supply .
every morning they fly 240 miles to the farm .
and every night they fly back 240 kilometers .
you 're doing this because you can follow the south side of the road .
seriously .
i had imagined some kind of journey of penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , will you fly 240 miles to the farm and then fly 240 miles back in the evening ?
are you doing this for the kids ? "
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you 're doing this because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my lover , which was delicious , and i don 't like the skin of my mother .
it 's this delicious , delicious taste .
i almost never cook with it .
and yet , when i tried her in this restaurant in the ' 80s , she didn 't taste like a chicken .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite off the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel , and he was in .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
she 's the last defense before something enters the body .
" she has evolved in the course of evolution , " " to make the most of it . "
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed their fish , a farm that measures their success at the success of their robbers .
and then i realized that when he said that a farm that doesn 't have a home farm , it was huge , because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river .
it 's a river that leads all the things that rivers nowadays tend to lead them with , chemical waste disposal , water drain .
and if it fought through the system , and that leaves the water cleaner than it came in .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
because when the water comes down , it sinks in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'll take it , and you should , because that love story , however romantic , is also instructive .
you could say that it 's a recipe for the future , good food , whether we 're talking about bass or sea salt .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , one that actually tastes good in food .
but for a lot of people , it 's a little radical .
we 're not lovers .
we 're in love with a little family , we 're talking about regional food .
and if you 're saying that these are the things that assure the future of good food , is someone standing up somewhere saying , " hey , guys , i love christmas lights , but how are you gonna feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people will starve today .
a billion that 's more than ever , because of the hot air supply in distribution , not the water supply .
well , i don 't like that question , because she 's determined the logic of our sex life for the last 50 years .
feed grain to fish , wheat fields , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and all the time , the food industry just asked , " if we feed more people , how awful can that be ? "
that was the reason , it was the justification .
we should call her what she is , a trade in industry , a trade that eats quickly the capital that allows the production .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not agriculture .
we have a threat today , not due to increased supply , but due to limited resources ,
not through the latest oil and oil fields , but by the land , not by pumping , but by fresh water , not by water , but by forests , and not through the nets , but by the sea .
you want to feed the world ?
how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that every community can feed itself ?
in order to do that , don 't look at the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machines are in it , and it 's never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's take a look at the model .
that 's the one that 's been going on for two billion years .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
companies that are not worlds for themselves , companies that are used to restore instead of building crops , instead of just intense , farmers who are not only slaves , but for experts ,
because they 're the ones who are experts for taste .
and if i 'm really honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , i 'm right , because if this is the future of good food , it 'll be delicious .
thank you .
so what we 're looking at here is a typical military order after age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it 's called brain damage , and what i can do with brain tissue is that i can filter out after a specific cause of death , say accidents .
and right now , i see another pattern that comes up .
and that 's because the people here are the most vulnerable and they 're over here at the most .
we can go one step further , and then restore the data , and we can see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
if we move on now and sort out after age , say 40 years or younger , we see accidents are even the main cause of death that people should be worried about .
and if you can see that this is particularly true to men .
so you realize that the view of information and data in that way reminds you of swimming in a living pool .
and if we can do this for a family , why can 't we do it for ourselves ?
now , what we have here are the number of every " sports illustrated " ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can test it for my lecture in your rooms .
you can dunk in a decade .
you can dive in a particular year .
you can jump directly to a specific issue .
when i look here , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and the sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i came here to show all the expenses that lance armstrong is mentioned .
now , if i just want to get a bigger picture , i could think , " okay , what if i look at everything with the theme ? "
so i 'm going back one step and i 'm going to take a look .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you 're looking through that kind of information , you 're looking , you 're not looking or just looking .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i 'd like to continue this idea with something a little crazy .
what we 've been doing here is we 've taken every single precaution and reduced it to a little summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just gonna show you the top 500 of the world 's top .
but even in that misguided notion , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we get an impression on the issues on wikipedia .
i will now choose the subject of government .
well , after i 've chosen government , i realize that most of them are the most equipped with time travel people of the year .
this is really important , because this is an insight that is not in a single file .
it 's only visible when you step back and look at the whole thing .
i can go into the theme of time travel people of the year and see everyone together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government officials , some come from science , some , even less , come from the economy .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted cusack winner .
so we can jump now and take a look at all ted cusack 's winners .
you see , we surf the net the first time it 's really a net , not just side to side , but a lot of fishing .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website .
this application , this application , i don 't want to call it a social call ; it 's really not a social call , but you can watch websites with it , and we 'll take this one to every website like this .
so i can go back one step and jump straight to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important because you can only look at through the look of websites in that way , all the way around the same way .
so i can continue my course in a certain time frame .
here 's the stand of the entire demonstration i 've held up to here .
and i can sort of bring back everything i 've seen so far .
and if i step out one more step and look at everything , i may be able to order my course over again , here i am , looking for a live , here , or here , live .
and from here , i can go in and call you back .
it 's a metaphor that 's used over and over again , and every time it makes the big picture bigger than the amount of money .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the dragon .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this so far , maybe a new source of better information .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get to know .
and if we know , we might even be able to draw out some wisdom .
i 'll stop , thank you .
i grew up with a piece of science fiction .
in my high school , i took the bus to school every day for an hour .
and my nose was always in a book , a book that took my thoughts into other worlds , and in a way , my deep within me , my curiosity .
i 've been totally wasted , you know .
it 's always been about trying to understand the world and the limits of the potential .
and my love for science fiction seemed to be in my surroundings , because back in the late ' 60s , we flew to the moon , and we flew the moon .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating shows that showed us animals and places and a world full of wonders we could never have imagined .
well , i guess that worked out pretty well for that , huh ?
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there wasn 't any video games or any of those video games , or any of the video games , i had to create the pictures in my head .
when we read a book as children , we took the author 's description and put it on the screen in our heads .
my reaction to that was drawing and painting of alien , alien worlds , robots , starships and all that .
i was constantly caught by the teacher , hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to stop somehow .
and something interesting happened to me , because i was fascinated by the idea of a completely unknown world here on earth .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but there was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as all i ever imagined when i read those books .
so i decided to become a diver when i was 15 .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i tracked down my father , until he finally found a place in buffalo , new york , just across the border where we lived .
i made my favorite in a pool in the middle of winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i only got two years later when we moved to california .
ever since , in the 40 years that have passed , i 've spent , like , three thousand hours underwater , 500 hours of it in central asia .
and i have learned that the world of the gods , even in the most beautiful , is as rich as we can imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no bounds , unlike our own , most basic human imagination .
until this day , i have a profound reverence for what i see on my face .
and my love for the ocean holds with the same intensity as ever .
when i was a grown man , it was the worst .
that seemed the best way to tell my inner urge to stories , with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw pictures and stuff .
so movies were the way to get pictures and stories .
of course , the stories i 've been telling myself from the original " terminator , " " aliens , " and " " vampire " .
i was able to connect my penchant for the water and the dive with the water heater .
so basically my two passions .
something interesting happened at " a " in order to solve a problem in this movie , and we had to create some kind of liquid energy , we went back to the , uh ...
what came out was the first ever to see in a movie .
the film didn 't bring in money , in fact , he was playing his favorite music , but i noticed something fascinating , the audience in the whole world was hypnotized like the spell that ran away .
according to arthur clarke 's law , knowledge is that technology and magic are no different from each other .
so you saw something magical .
and i thought it was very exciting .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this has got to be included in the financial crisis . "
so we went to terminator 2 , my next movie , much further .
we created the guy from liquid metal together .
and it worked , and once again we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we already made a little more money with the movie .
based on these two experiences , a whole new world was achieved , a whole new world of creativity for the world .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who was the best at the time of the year , and was called " digital auto " .
this company 's primary function was to skip the phase of involuntary trials with optical , et cetera , and start with digital imaging .
that 's what we did , and then we got together for a while .
but in the middle of the ' 90s , we realized that we were building up in the middle of the ' 90s , which is why we started the company .
but the bar really pushed back , and the people in my company told me we weren 't able to do that for now .
so i did this and made this other film about the big ship that goes down .
i sold this as romeo and juliet on a ship .
secretly , i wanted to go to the real titanic wreck .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know that .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 're going to the wreck .
we 're going to show it in the film 's main event .
it 's a good angle for marketing .
and i convinced her to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy , but it goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
then , in fact , six months later , we created a reality in which i was living in a russian submarine , four kilometers below the surface of the tower , looking at the real titanic through a porthole .
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't a movie , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how much of this , uh , family thing , a ...
well , they were also the most efficient and efficient planning .
you get into this capsule , then you float down into this dark , hostile environment where there 's no hope of rescue if you can 't get it back .
and i was thinking , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a movie theater .
that 's really cool . "
i was really obsessed with exploring the earth 's atmosphere .
it was all an adventure , it was curiosity .
and it was an experience that couldn 't give me hollywood .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that we could make a visual effect for , but i couldn 't imagine what i 'd see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made an unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said , " okay , i want to put my favorite movie star on ice as a filmmaker in hollywood , and i 'm going to be stuck for a while . "
and then we started , we went to bismarck , and then we started talking to them .
we returned to the titanic wreckage .
we took little robots that we built that would make a giant robot .
our intention was to look inside the ship , which had never been done before .
no one had ever explored the inside of the wreckage , and there was no means for it , so we developed the technology we needed .
and there i am , on the deck of the titanic , in a comic book store , and i see those boards pretty much like this and i know the band once played there .
and i 'm flying through the gears of the ship with a little wooden ball .
i 'm actually just serving it , but my consciousness is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present within the titanic 's core .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's plans .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me realize that i was using such a highly sophisticated , and so the consciousness in the vehicle can move into this other form of existence .
it was really ...
and maybe even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have a way of exploring or doing other things , in all sorts of things that i can imagine as an art consultant .
after these expeditions , we began to learn what we saw down there , really appreciate , for example , where we saw these incredibly delicious animals .
they live with the help of the world .
they don 't exist in a solar system like we do .
and that 's how you see animals right next to 500 degrees celsius that they can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested in family values , which was the most beautiful of my childhood .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it turned out that i was taking a shower with us .
in fact , we were shooting , but we were actually doing science .
that 's how the circle between my existence closed as a child , back to reality .
i 've learned a lot over the course of this war .
i 've learned a lot about science , but i 'm sure now you think a director has to be able to lead , be a leader , like an art critic or something .
i didn 't understand much about leadership before i joined this expedition .
because at a certain point , i had to say , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't get us money .
we 're just playing the game show .
everyone thinks i ran off between " titanic " and " avatar " and " avatar somewhere , and i would have put my nails on a towel on the beach .
i 've made all these films , these films for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked nonstop for years , sometimes we were at sea for two to three months .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other because you have a job you can 't explain to anyone else .
there 's a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next movie " avatar , " i tried to use the same amount of money to respect your team and earn their respect in return .
it really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a small team on uncharted territory , shooting " avatar " with a new technique that wasn 't before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said that we did a really good job of copying and transporting pandora to the planet .
for me , it was more of a stressful way to do my job , the real process that changed in the end .
so what can we do with all this ?
what lessons did we learn ?
i think the first place is curiosity .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than any of the world 's most wanted .
young filmmakers come to me saying , " give me some advice on how to do this . "
and i say , " don 't lock yourself up .
don 't do it to yourself .
nasa has such a thing : failure is no alternative .
but in the art and studying , failure must be an alternative , because it 's guaranteed an alternative .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been dealt with without risk .
you have to be willing to take such risks .
that 's the thought i 'd like to give you on the way .
today i speak to you about energy and climate .
and that may be a little bit surprised , because the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds to create the things that we have to make and deliver to the poor for a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone on the planet .
it means that they will not grow for many years , we will rain too much or too little , things will change the way their fragile environment can 't .
it leads to uncertainty .
now , a woman 's life will be terrible for you .
besides , you 're a very important man .
the fact is , if you could just reduce the price of one thing , it would be energy at a distance .
well , the time has come .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on the environmental controls .
and even in the 20th century , there was a case in the main building , and that 's why we have refrigerators , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we 're in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price of -- we 'll split the price , we 'll hit a new barrier , and this barrier is connected .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
well , the exact connection between a computer virus and which is consistent with it , and where their other consequences are , there are a few of them , but not many .
and i 'm sure there will be a lot more serious about how bad these consequences will be , but they 'll be extremely bad !
i 've asked the board of directors several times , " do we really need to get down to zero ?
isn 't half or quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's quite different than saying we have a 3.5 m high truck that needs to come under a bridge .
this has to go all the way down to zero .
well , we spend a lot of time every year over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons for everyone on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that will reduce to zero .
it 's been steady .
only different economic changes have affected it at all , and we have to go from increasing to increasing and to a level of scale to zero .
so let 's take a look at every factor in one and figure out how to get this to zero .
probably one of those numbers has to get very close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's go through it .
first we have the population .
today , billions of people live ,
and it goes on nine billion dollar bills moving to nine billion .
if we are very successful with a new level of energy , and we could probably lower it down 10 % to 15 % , but at the time , we 're looking at a pulmonary embolism at 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that includes all the food we eat , clothes , tv , heat .
these are very good things , and it means that these services are most accessible to anyone on the planet .
it 's great that number 's rising .
here we see a very basic service .
and these students don 't have it , so go out and read their favorite books under the book .
well , with efficiency , the e , the energy per service , there 's finally good news .
we have something that 's not rising ,
due to various success in the computer system , by other means , by new methods in the field , there are a lot of services , which some individual services are reduced by 90 % .
in other service , as the manufacture of the , 105 : 05 : 05 p.m.
in total , if we 're optimistic , we may be able to reduce a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but with the first three factors , we have now gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons .
so let 's look at the fourth factor of co2 , and this one will be a power surge , that 's the amount of co2 that will be made to the daily level .
the question is whether you can get it to zero .
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every power source for power is increasing co2 these days , except for the renewable energy and carbon emissions .
so what we have to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need backup .
if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the computer is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
usually there 's no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
usually you 're just kind of out of line and some don 't .
but in this case , we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really get this over ?
is there a natural phenomenon , a demonstration of the people 's imagination ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked it .
the idea was really solid for you , you know there are people living with mosquitoes .
for energy , i remembered this .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my most profitable contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured they won 't bite .
well , there are all kinds of things like this , but they don 't bring much .
we need solutions , either one or several of which have an unthinkable and unthinkable , and even though there are many ways where people are looking for it , i really only see five that can afford these great requirements .
i left out the tide , the money , the merger , and the money .
let 's look at the first burn of the burning , burn by either coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that literally billions of times bigger than any kind of trash you can imagine of ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next .
then what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though he 's not very tall , there are a lot of concerns .
so , three very difficult problems that might be more difficult to work on .
i 've got the last three of the five .
it 's the most sophisticated energy they 're called .
and they also have -- although it 's great that they don 't need fuel they have some drawbacks .
for one thing , the technology that creates these technologies is dramatically less dramatic than the ones from the earth .
it 's a matter of energy , you talk about a lot more space than a normal power plant .
besides , these sources are subject to interruptions .
the sun doesn 't seem all day , it doesn 't seem every day , nor does the wind blow all the time .
that 's why when you 're dependent on these sources , you have a way to get the energy in times when it 's not available .
so , there 's a great deal of energy here , there are challenges in the transmission , for example , if we say that the power source is out of the country , you don 't just need the technology , you 'll have to deal with the risk where the energy comes from .
and there 's the money .
so we need a big break here , something that will be 100 better than the time travel .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring these highly sophisticated sources about say 20 % of the price .
if you want to lean on it 100 % , you 're gonna need an incredible power surge .
well , where are we going ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
they 'll say they 're crazy .
i think there are a lot of people here in the ted group who are already involved .
bill gross has several companies , among other things , one of which has the great financial industry .
and i 'm trying to support it .
well , nathan and i are financing a company that , maybe surprisingly , is tracking the nuclear approach .
there 's a couple of drug dealers in the oil business ;
the development stopped in this industry a while ago , so it 's not a big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
it means that instead of a part of the process , the one percent , we decided to burn the 99 % , the amount .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn this 99 % , it 's much better .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the garbage of today 's reactors as a power tool .
instead of breaking your head , just burn it .
the uranium is used to be a bit like a candle .
you see , it 's a kind of column , often referred to as " the wave of the reactor . "
that really solves the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
it 's the garbage that 's 99 % , you 've taken out the part that 's burned today , so it 's called uranium .
the u.s. urges for hundreds of years .
and if you 're a cheap and easy man , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still a lot of challenges , but it 's an example of many hundreds of different species we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
how would our witness report look ?
well , let 's go to the target we have to reach , and then we 'll talk about the main event .
a lot of people are talking about an 80 % chance to get there .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be created in poor countries , and still some agriculture , hopefully , and cement will be clean by then .
so , to achieve this 80 % , the population of the world , including countries like china , must completely surround their homes .
the other note says if we use the most advanced technology , whether it 's used in all the developed countries and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
this is going to be one of the most exciting things .
if we go back from there , how would the witness report look ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the oxygen tanks to get to the way , the less we can get there , the less the temperature will be smaller and the temperature .
we 'll have to follow this with full throttle , and we can measure it , in a matter of time , in time and time .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book " we have a choice " and david franklin 's " super energy without the hot air . "
you 're really going through it and you 're making a frame where this can be discussed wide , because we need support from all sides .
there are some things that need to get together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest effect .
so what do we have to do ?
what kind of action do i appeal to ?
we need to use for more power .
when countries meet in places like nuclear weapons , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you were supposed to discuss these financial transactions , and you 'd be shocked by the ridiculously low funds that are being spent on these financial transactions .
we 're gonna need some fuel , co2 taxes , cap 'n . trade something that can create a power drain .
we have to spread the message .
we need to do dialogue and complete and the things that are done by the government .
it 's an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to understand a little better , can you give us an idea of the magnitude of this investment ?
the difficult step is to build the first solar system , find another billion that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one is finished , when he walks the way he promised , then it 's clear , ' cause the insurance company is so different than the one we know .
to get this straight , that means building deep into the ground almost like a vertical nuclear column , this super bowl , and then the process begins to work down ?
right , today you always have to rebuild the reactor , so there are a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff it , or it 's not good .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can think of it for 60 years , you can think of a floating column that you 're burying without all the fuel .
and it 's sitting there burning for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a big deal .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can let him sit there , there 's a lot less garbage with this method then take him and put him in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists , which is in these solar panels or the reactors .
so this is what was a problem for these reactors , what we fill in ours , and that will reduce the energy levels dramatically during this process .
but while you were talking to different people in this world about these possibilities ,
where 's the greatest interest in doing this ?
you know , the french and the japanese have done something that way .
this is a version of a thing made .
this is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built this , so everyone who 's run a fast reactor is a nuclear reactor for our first .
in your mind , time frame and chance of really calling something like that into life ?
well , we need one of those , uh , most expensive things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
it 's kind of the deadline that has shown us the power source we have to keep .
and , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could be easy .
and luckily , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of them , just like when their approaches work , the funding for their pilots can work for them .
and it would be best if there were more , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
as far as the great potential , is this the biggest thing you know ?
it 's the most important thing .
it would have been if it hadn 't been for her , but it still makes it so much more important .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's a different approach .
there 's a liquid energy that seems a little difficult , but maybe they 're saying that about us .
if it doesn 't work , then what ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the containment field stable ?
when you get into this situation , it 's like eating too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's an energy source that calls itself an energy source that deals with different techniques to delay the warming so we could get 20 or 30 more years to get us out .
it 's just a routine check .
you hope we don 't need this .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance company because that might make you lazy , so you keep eating because you know you 're going to save one of the food .
do you have a sentence or two to convince them ?
well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying there are negative effects to do with the clouds , postpone things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is that this uncertainty should concern us .
well , the actual expenses for research , say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than you do today is not so dramatic .
other things shouldn 't suffer .
you come to great lengths , and here , reasonable people can argue with you when you have something that isn 't legal , and try to finance it , for me , most of the waste .
unless , of course , you 're very close to a financial system and you 're just funding the financial industry .
if the swab you get is a very high level , only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any of us here could spend five times as much for our energy without changing their lifestyle .
for the lower two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even if you think about it .
his new line is , " why isn 't research discussed ? "
he 's still going to , because of his previous stories , with the most experienced , but he understood that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing in the peace corps .
and this is an exclusive i think is appropriate .
research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really hope that your wish will come true .
thank you .
a couple of years ago , here at ted 's , peter teleborian introduced a family name called the " the vampire slayer . "
the idea is pretty simple .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it seems really easy , it 's really hard because people are very quick to work together .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a sex tape .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people start to figure themselves out about the task .
they 're talking about it , they 're thinking about what it 's gonna look like , they 're all about power ,
then they invest a little time in planning and organization , and they put out spaghetti .
they invest a lot of their time in the most complex structures
and finally , just before you 're out of time , someone takes the marshmallow , and you put it gently on top , step back and " ta-da " !
but then , almost always , happened that " ta-da " becomes an " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing collapse and collapse .
there are a series of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " than others , and among the worst are fresh air bags .
they lie , they cheat , they 're confused , and they produce really vivid objects .
and , of course , there are teams who have a lot more " ta-da " and among the best are fresh graduates of the war .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they don 't only produce the highest towers , but the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is , how come ?
and peter says , " none of the children invest time in being chief of spaghetti . "
you don 't spend any time in prison .
there 's another reason .
and it 's about the fact that they were trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then to realize it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top , you don 't have time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , huh ?
what you do differently is you start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so that you have several times the chance to repair the prototype .
i 've seen this kind of collaboration as the core of a romulan vessel .
and with every attempt , the kids get feedback , which works , and what doesn 't .
that 's the way to work with prototypes , a lot , but let 's see how different teams act .
you know , the average is most of them , you know , the average is , you know , most of them make half of it , lawyers do a little more , but not a lot more , they 're better than the adults .
who 's the most successful ?
architects and engineers , fortunately .
it 's the highest i 've seen .
and why , because you understand , and you 're the key to building stable structures .
there 's something about the average , but here it gets interesting .
if you put an executive administrator on the team , you 'll get better .
you look around and you recognize this team will win .
you can predict .
because you have special skills from the government .
you run the process , you understand .
and that team that handles and watches the work will improve the team 's performance .
it 's a powerful skill and a combination that leads to success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you 'll get about six that have stable structures .
i 've tried something exciting .
i thought we were about to bring the water heater .
so i offered a $ 10,000 price on software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those bastards ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a highly sophisticated construction , he would have worn the price home .
so isn 't it interesting that high levels have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now you 've understood the advantage of the word .
that 's how the same bad team became the best .
they produced the highest construction in the slightest time .
so , there 's a lot of lessons for us , about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , why would someone actually invest time to create an energy source ?
the reason is , i help create digital tools and trials to help teams to create cars , video games , and " super bowl . "
and what the police department does is help them identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge offers a shared experience to build a common language or an original prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who care , can come to see me .
it 's a blog where you can see how to build the marshmallows .
there 's a bomb site .
they find crazy examples of all over the world , how people turn the system around and move .
there 's also a matter of time .
and the most painful lesson , i believe , is that construction is actually a productive sport .
it requires that we all set our senses to the task , and that we use our best thinking as our feelings and our actions , in the challenge that lies ahead .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to get us from an " uh-oh " to a " ta-da .
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool , shiny machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room has to go in .
and you can go into the past , you can go into the future ; you can 't stay in here and now ,
and i wonder what they would choose because i 've often asked my friends that question , and they all wanted to go into the past .
they wanted to go back in time before there were cars or twitter or america was looking for the superstar .
i don 't know .
i 'm convinced you 're somehow attracted to nostalgia .
and i understand .
i 'm not part of this group , i have to say .
i don 't want to go into the past , and not because i 'm an adventurer -
it 's because possibilities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to get into this machine , and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time there 's ever been on this planet , no matter what scale you set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , drop .
there 's never been a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are up to 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
a child born today in northern california can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have restored the earth 's defenses in a way that no war has ever made .
they 're gone .
we beat them .
there are diseases in the rich world that have threatened millions of us before only a generation .
- yes .
anybody else know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are the results of the scientific method .
and from my point of view , the scientific method is to try things , see if it works , change it if it doesn 't , one of the greatest accomplishments in mankind .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot .
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go hungry every day .
this number rises , and it goes very fast , and that 's embarrassing .
and not just that , we used our imagination to destroy this world thoroughly .
drinking water , boiling land , oil , gas , they disappear soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , we 're gonna disappear .
so the question is , can we do this ?
i think it 's clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the land they live on .
i think we can supply this world with energy that doesn 't destroy it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night , one of the things that keep me awake at night , we 've never needed scientific progress as badly as ever , ever ,
and we 've never been able to make him sane , as we can today .
people are so wrapped in their beliefs , so tight they can 't be freed .
not even the truth will free you .
and listen , everyone has a right to his opinion , even a right to his opinion ,
but you know what you have no right to do ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article on inoculations for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was amazed to engage in resistance against what is ultimately the most effective measure in the history of mankind .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and left .
and soon after that , i wrote an article about a change of food .
same thing , only bigger .
people played crazy .
so i wrote an article about it , too , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " a sex crime , " which is why they believed that molecules in a certain kind of random way were an assault on nature .
but you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we pass , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but i was worried about these articles , and i couldn 't figure out why , and i finally found out .
and that 's because those fanatics who drove me crazy weren 't fanatics .
they were respectable people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and that got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's face it .
we 've reached a point where we don 't have the same relationship as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironic about it , with a little " progress . "
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know what reasons they are .
we have lost faith in institutions , authority , and sometimes in science , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , south dakota , west germany , mass destruction , the 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right .
ask questions , demand proof , demand receipts .
take nothing but granted .
but here 's what happens when you get proof , you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at it .
and i can say this for the reason that we 're living in an epidemic of fear like i 've never seen and hopefully never see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that linked the cancer cells to the measles , mumps , and viral vaccine .
very scary .
a lot of studies were conducted to see if that was true .
a lot of studies should be conducted ; it 's a serious matter .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no connection , no connection .
it doesn 't make any difference , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we believe to see , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a drug dealer who gives us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
because of this fact , the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the cancer rate goes down for measles .
this is outrageous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that ?
well , i understand .
does anyone have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but once in the last year .
that 's a lot of death by measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and preach messages from fear and anxiety like oprah and larry king live .
and you can do that because you don 't connect the cause and key .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
and that 's something we need to learn , very fast .
this guy was a hero .
he freed us from one of the worst of mankind .
don 't worry , no pain , no foul , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle isn 't that bad .
his name is paul spade .
he 's just developed a computer virus with some other people .
he can save the lives of one hundred thousand children a year in the world .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , aside from paul walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and that people should just stop whining .
and he actually says that .
so paul 's a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say this , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we have measles in this country .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon , kids will die again because that 's just a question of numbers .
and they won 't just die of measles .
why not ?
i got a text from me a couple of weeks ago , and she said i was a little too shrill .
nobody ever said that before .
she wouldn 't give her kid a shot at a drug charge .
fine .
because we don 't have any family issues .
we didn 't have any business in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now , he 's over ohio .
and in a few hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those , uh ...
and he doesn 't know he 's infected with an incurable disease , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to hide in lies .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
it 's a little something to help you remember .
i know you did this because half the americans do it every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it doesn 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
the data keeps taking it .
they black out their urine .
that 's okay , you like to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i agree .
dark urine .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate the way we do .
we hate a government too strong .
and we shouldn 't .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely amazing cold and freezing to ourselves that can afford it .
so we 're running away from it , and where are we going ?
we 're walking into the arms of the gods .
that 's great .
but you know , this is really serious business , because this stuff sucks , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
not one of them is , uh , gambling , cheating , cheating , cheating , i don 't even know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
and you know what ?
that 's how they feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the drug dealer who says , " hmm , i 'm not gonna take the receipts from my experts or any drug dealer who wants to treat his patient with drug problems .
if you go this way , where faith and magic replace and science , you get to a place where you don 't want to be .
they 're headed to the south african border .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that red beets , beets , garlic and garlic are much more effective than prescription drugs that we know can slow the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than any other of this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
they always do .
well , the most terrifying epidemic we 're in right now is this absurd struggle between the food and the food supply .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts , has been changed by people .
you know , there weren 't any christmas trees in paradise .
there was no such thing .
we did all this .
we 've been doing it for the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
now we can make it more accurate , and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people extend their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i don 't understand .
we refuse to eat .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i keep hearing is too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormone levels , we don 't want big fields with one thing , that 's wrong .
we don 't want companies to live .
we don 't want companies to own seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we 've got a huge science problem , but it 's not science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know science isn 't a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we 're afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people alive .
you know , in the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we are right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
embarrassing .
you need this , and we don 't give it to you .
and why ?
we don 't want to encourage people to eat this raw stuff , for example .
it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it doesn 't have nutrients , it doesn 't have protein , and scientists build all that in it .
and then people could eat the food and not go blind .
you wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
it would be nice , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want to take genes ?
it 's not about the chemicals .
it 's not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our tendency for greater food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice wars , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we don 't do that , if we keep doing what we 've done so far , we 'll be guilty of something that we don 't want to be guilty of .
there 's no other description for what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy , and we really have to stop it .
after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go to that ridiculous time machine and into the future ? "
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on anything we want .
we can put them where we want them , and we 'll move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we get into the time machine and get to the future , we 'll be glad we did .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes a real thing because someone notices it .
so that we understand each other , i 'd like to show you a simple , simple magic trick .
and i 'll show you how it works .
i myself learned it from the legendary scout of magic the boy scouts in the ' 70s .
i 'll take him out for you and explain him .
and then i 'll explain why i 'm explaining it .
so , look what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'll just keep the knife in my fist .
i 'm putting my sleeve back .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out of him , i 'm just gonna put my wrist right here .
in that way , you can see that there 's no movement at all , as long as i stay here , nothing can walk in my sleeve or come out .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my bare physical magnetism .
it 's actually sitting so tight in his place that i can shake it without the knife running .
nothing goes in my sleeve , or comes out , no hair samples , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , that 's a trick i often teach little kids who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
most of you probably know this trick in the hall .
here 's how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say i cut my wrist to make sure nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that 's a lie .
the reason i cut my wrist is that there is the real secret of illusion .
because the moment i put my hand away from you , so you can see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , just from where he was , in a position like this .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
right .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .
but that 's not what this is all about .
of course it 's being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index finger , which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i turn around is hidden by this movement that the finger will turn back on .
i 'll take that hand away , and here 's the knife .
you can do this trick to your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the money ?
a year or so , i read a study that really hit me .
i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and that 's why it was an amazing thing for me .
it turns out , if you 're offering a kidney transplant in the form of a white pill , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain effect .
but if you change the shape that you put in , for example , in a smaller pill , and paint that blue and mark a letter , it 's actually more effective .
and that , even though none of them are any kind of ... it 's just ... it 's just ...
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
turns out that 's not all .
if you take capsules , they 're even more powerful than pills of any form .
a colored capsule that is yellow and red on the other side is better than a white capsule .
even the dosage matters .
i 'm sorry .
the bottom line is ...
... that the film industry plays a role .
and the shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate , you have to grab the needle .
right , a syringe with a chest tube - a couple of cc 's of a chemical injected into a patient .
it creates a very strong picture in the head .
this chart is really ... i 'll show you another time when we have a projector .
so the fact is , the white pill doesn 't seem as good as the blue pill that doesn 't seem as good as a capsule that doesn 't seem as good as the needle .
and none of it has any real quality , it 's just our faith that comes in us a stronger effect .
i wanted to know if i could use that idea for a magic trick .
i 'll take something that 's obviously a deception and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to grab a needle if you want to get to it .
this is an 18 inches long , it 's very , very sharp , and i 'm going to sterilize it a little .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin .
i will now stab this needle into my skin and drive it through it until you return to the other side .
if you get sick , if you faint , i put some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest if you get sick fast , you 'll look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know , i 'll do the first sensitive part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
well , it 's like this right here where my meat starts , at the bottom of my arms , i 'm just gonna make a little meat shake .
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and on the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation that we had at the hospital .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
that 's one , two , three , four , five .
well ,
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " okay , it 's probably not that stupid and it 's just to talk for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
how does this look ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay .
the people in the lobby are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my flesh , and i can do it .
if you get sick , look away , don 't look .
okay , let me get some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally , i 'd take the needle out now .
i would clean my arm and show them there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here and with the intention of making something real out of a deception , i 'll just leave the needle in there and walk off the stage .
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
thank you .
everyone talks about happiness these days .
i let some people count the number of books that have been published in the title in the last five years and they gave up after about 40 and there was a lot more .
there 's a huge wave of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of energy .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but despite all this tide of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly of happiness .
and my lecture today is mostly about these cognitive traps .
that goes for a layman who thinks about their own happiness , and it goes for scientists who think about happiness because it turns out we 're as confused as anyone else .
the first one of these traps is to admit complexity .
it turns out the word happiness is just not a useful word because we use it on too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning we could limit it to , but in the big and all , that 's something we need to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view of what 's well-being .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , which is basically between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both in the sense of happiness .
and the third is the most unfortunate , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about a fact that affects well-being without meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really emotional , that ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what ruined it was the memories of experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of beautiful music .
they didn 't count because he was with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep .
what that really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a common self who lives in the present and knows the present is capable of relive the past , but basically only the present has .
it 's the most painful thing the doctor said when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch you here ? "
or " what was your trip to albania ? "
these are two very different units , the most efficient themselves , and confusing the two of them is part of happiness .
well , the inevitable itself is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a basic reaction to our memories of -- it starts immediately .
we don 't just tell stories when we get to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we can keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
i 'm not going into details , she 's no longer painful these days , but she was painful when this study was conducted in the study .
you 've been asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and they 're asked , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain that patient a had patient b , and more .
but now there 's another question : " how much did these patients think they were suffering ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient " a " had a much worse relationship with the colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the gods were different , and because a very important part of the story is how it ends
and none of these stories are very sophisticated or great , but one of them is clearly ...
but one of them is clearly worse than the other .
and the one worse is the one where the pain was at the end of his peak .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and a lot later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was a lot worse for " a " than for " b " in the kitchen .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the water itself and the itself .
from the point of view , b clearly had a worse time .
that 'll make the patient suffer , but only a little less and less than before .
what 's a story ?
and that goes for the stories that the memory gives us and it goes for the stories we invent .
which causes a story to come true , important moments and end .
ending is very , very important , and in this case , the end is ending .
well , it 's a constant life .
it has moments of vision , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them will be completely ignored by the law themselves .
and yet somehow , you get the impression that you should count that what happened during those moments of death is our life .
it 's the limited resource we use while we 're in this world .
and as we consume it would seem important , but that 's not the story that keeps it to ourselves .
so we 've got the whole thing ourselves and the whole thing ourselves , and they 're really pretty different .
the biggest difference between you is dealing with time .
from the point of view , even if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first one , then the second vacation is twice as good as the vacation .
that 's not the way it works for the self .
for the sake of itself , a temporary vacation is hardly better than the occasional vacation because there are no new memories added .
you haven 't changed the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable , which is different from a certain self , and time has very little influence on this story .
well , it 's more like remembering and telling stories .
it 's not a voice in this choice .
actually , we don 't choose between experiences .
and even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as memories .
and basically , you can look at that , you know , as a tyranny of the flesh itself , and you can think of that as a sort of thing that will bring in the flesh itself by experience that doesn 't need itself .
i have the impression that when we 're on vacation , it 's very often the case , which means we 're on vacation in the service of the state itself .
and that 's a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much did we get from our memories ?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the brain itself .
and i probably have from my memories of this journey , i 'd say 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
that 's why i want you to think about a sex crime .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation , all your paintings will be destroyed and you 'll get a prescription drug so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the choices we choose is a problem that makes us choose between the two kinds of ourselves .
well , the two kinds of themselves have two words of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness we can use , one per .
so , you can ask , how happy is the wedding day itself ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the king himself ?
and you 're all lucky for moments is a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea from the happiness of the decade itself .
if you ask for the happiness of the man himself , it 's a whole different thing .
it 's not about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how happy or happy the person is when that person thinks about her life .
very different term .
anyone who doesn 't separate those terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i belong to a lot of researchers about well-being that have screwed up the exploration of happiness for a long time .
between the happiness of the king himself and the satisfaction of the king himself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you 're trying to separate them .
the world 's largest survey has been asked more than half a million people are about what they think about their lives and about their experiences , and there were other efforts in the direction .
in the last few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two species of ourselves .
and the most painful lesson we 've learned is that they 're really different .
you can know how happy someone is with their life , and that really doesn 't teach them how happy he lives and vice versa .
just to give you an impression of the energy source , the energy signature is about to fall apart .
what that means is that if you were to meet someone and they would tell you , oh , his father is a computer genius , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you 'd know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone has his life as eight on a scale of ten , you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own .
so it 's very low .
we know something about what the satisfaction of the throne is .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness mainly means to be content with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but this is dominant .
so if you want the happiness of the two species of yourself , you will do very different things at the end .
the conclusion of what i 've said here is that we should really not imagine happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a moment , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in california are you not gonna get the correct answer .
if you ask that question , you think people in california must be happier if you say they live in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think of the difference between california and other places , and that difference , we say in the climate .
well , it turns out climate isn 't very important to the climate itself , and it 's not even very important for the climate itself that decides how happy people are .
well , because the weather system itself is responsible , you can eventually pull some people to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california hoping to be happier .
well , you 'll never be happier yourself .
we know that .
but one thing will happen , you 'll think you 're happier , because when you think about it , you 'll be reminded of how awful the weather was in ohio , and you 'll feel that you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i 've given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result that came from that poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the most recent survey is a number we absolutely didn 't expect to find .
we found this in regard to the happiness of the host himself .
if we can figure out how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that 's a very large percentage of americans , about 600,000 , but it 's a huge income of $ 600,000 under a year 's salary .
60,000 .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year , people are unhappy , and they become increasingly unhappy , ever poorer .
we 'll get a very flat line about that .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such shallow lines .
what happens is , obviously , money doesn 't get you an offer of money , but that lack of money is certainly a misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in the sense of the other himself , of the self , you get another story .
the more money you make the happier you are .
that 's not for emotions .
but danny , the entire american endeavor is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people took this report seriously , i mean , it all seems to be upside down , everything we believe , for example , in terms of brain damage and all .
is there any chance that politicians that the country would generally take a report like this and make politics based on it ?
you know , i think there 's recognition for the role of the government in politics .
the recognition will be slowly in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it just happens and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it 's gonna take a while , and people are going to argue whether they want to explore or if they want to explore any kind of research , so we 're gonna have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how to increase happiness is very different depending on how you think and whether you think of the self or whether you 're thinking about yourself .
this will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , you try to measure the population .
it will , i think , in the next one or two decades , be part of the national statistics .
well , it seems to me that this issue will be , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you for the invention of the united states .
thank you .
i 'm jane eyre .
i 've been developing a new set for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy as to save the world in reality as it is to save it in space .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and more games .
right now , we 're spending three billion hours a week with drug dealers .
some of you may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future , the opposite is accurate .
three billion hours a week isn 't nearly enough to solve the world 's most serious problems .
in fact , i 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase this time considerably .
i 've calculated the required time is at 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
this picture is pretty specific why i think games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of the photographer phil ramoray .
he wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions of playing .
if you 're not a gambler , maybe you 'll miss some of the players in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but also extreme concentration , deeply absorbed into solving a very difficult problem .
if you play too , you 'll see some of the top of your eyes and your mouth are a sign of optimism .
this is a player on the verge of a so-called epic victory .
oh , you know that .
a victorious victory is a result so positive that you didn 't even know it was even possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you reach it , you 're shocked that you 're actually capable of such a thing .
this player is about to win an epic victory .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces from all over the world when we attack the hurdles of the next century , the face of those who stand against all odds of epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we 're more likely to see that face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it " life is bad " , and it 's actually my face , see ?
that 's me doing the " i 'm bad " in life .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation why we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem many players have .
we don 't think we 're as good as playing in reality .
and i don 't mean only less successful , though that 's part of it .
i mean , in connection with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to cooperate .
and in reality , when we fail , when we hit obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed .
we never have those feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist .
and that 's what i wanted to investigate as a starfleet officer .
why is playing impossible to think you can 't just reach anything ?
how can we transfer these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i looked at games like world of warcraft , offering the ideal environment to the world 's most profitable .
and i 've discovered some things that make epic victories in the history of war .
well , first of all , if you get in one of those private companies , especially on world of warcraft , there 's a lot of different characters willing to entrust you with a mission , right away .
but not just any mission , but a mission perfect for your current level , right ?
so you can do it .
you 'll never get a job you can 't solve .
but always at the edge of your abilities , so you have to try hard , but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there 's always something very important to do .
and there are a lot of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
we don 't have that easy in real life , this feeling that there 's a lot of employees standing by .
besides , there 's this epic story , this inspiring story , why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard of " level high " and " plus one strength " or " plus one intelligence . "
that constant feedback doesn 't exist in real life .
if i leave this stage , i don 't speak + 1 and + 1 mad idea , plus 20 crazy ideas .
i can 't get that feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of warcraft is that it 's so satisfying to be at the edge of an epic victory that we 'd rather spend our entire time in these wars .
they 're just better than reality .
until today , all the world of warcraft together have spent millions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of war .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to see it in context , millions of years ago , our first family members began to walk upright .
so , the first stand-up guy .
okay , so if we 're talking about how much time we 're spending with games right now , it just makes sense when you think of the time in terms of human development .
but also appropriate , because it turns out we , using this whole time to play , actually change what we 're capable of as people .
we are developing into the most sophisticated , happy creatures .
that 's the truth .
look at these interesting statistics that have recently been published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average young man from now on in a country with a lot of major financial problems , has spent 10,000 hours at the age of 21 .
so 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for children in the united states , the exact hours they spend at school from fifth grade to high school , if you never miss .
so here we have a full circle , where young people learn exactly what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn at school .
and maybe some of them read the new book of malcolm taffert , " hotshot . "
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of the 10,000 hours .
it 's based on the great research in the history of science , that if we spend 10,000 hours with the study of some random drug addict until the 21st , we will master it .
we 'll be as good at whatever we have to do as the world 's greatest people .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are more vulnerable .
so the big question is , " what exactly are players good at ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd basically never have any human potential available before .
we 've got so many people in the world right now , who spend at least an hour a day at least .
500 million people who are remarkably good at something .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players that are remarkably good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the energy industry is designed to save the energy and work on the earth , instead of the game , so players in the whole world , especially in india , china , brazil , can play online .
you expect another billion players in the next decade .
we have a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started to think about what it 's like to master these games .
here are the four things i found .
all right , imagine that like extreme stress .
the desire to do something immediately , to master an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that a winning is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
players are masters in the spider 's web .
there 's a lot of interesting investigations that show that we like people more after we play with them , even if they beat us bad .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be held , that we have the same goal and remain in the game .
so , the economic system allows the growing of bonds , trust and each other .
as a result , we create stronger social relationships .
fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason why the average of $ 22 hours a week is playing as a business proposition .
the reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than if we relax or do nothing .
we know that as a human being , we work best when we do hard , important work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and ultimately , epic meaning .
players love to become part of the world 's greatest missions .
here 's a piece of paper to put this in the right light .
the world 's second largest secret ingredient in the world , with nearly 80,000 pieces of gold , is the world of gold .
five million people use it every month .
they 've gathered more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in every other world 's history .
they create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so that 's four super powers leading to a single result .
they 're people who think they can change the world as one .
and the only problem is that you think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward ferrars .
his work is brilliant , and he 's investigating why people spend so much time , energy and money in the field .
and he says , " we will witness from no less than a mass murder in virtual worlds . "
and that 's from a college kid , so he 's logical .
and he says ...
not like me ... i 'm developing games , i 'm a bit of a game .
so he says that actually makes sense , because players can achieve more than in real life .
you can make stronger social bonds in games than in real life , and you 'll get more reports and rewards in real life .
so , he says it 's perfectly logical that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a suicide mission .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that lasted 2,500 years .
there are these ancient dice , made of stone .
in front of those fantastic tv shows , there were a lot of people .
and they were , like , the first of human beings developed brain cells .
and if you 're familiar with the works of the ancient greek , you might know this story , the story about how and why games were invented .
in the kingdom of macedonia were invented during a famine .
supposedly , there was such a great famine , that the king of macedonia chose a crazy idea .
people suffered .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented , according to the law , and agreed to a national strategy , one day you 'd eat .
and they would be so absorbed into the food system , since games are so fascinating and surrounded us with advanced , sustainable productivity that they would forget there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day , you 'd play , and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to police reports , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
that 's what i think we 're gonna do today .
we play games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we play games to avoid everything that doesn 't work in the real world , especially in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but that doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the exciting thing .
after 18 years of famine , the king decided to start one last war .
they split the kingdom in half .
they were playing a game and the victors were allowed to go on an epic adventure .
they left the country looking for a new home .
that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but the latest data shows that the dna samples that later formed the roman empire , have the same dna as the old ones .
that 's why scientists recently came to believe that the crazy story is true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling system that lasted almost 20 years to explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games by escaping into games for 18 years and then having this inspiration and learning so much about playing , that you saved the entire civilization .
so we can .
we 've been gambling since 1994 .
that was the first time in real time in real time , that was 16 years ago .
for 18 years , they 've been playing the game for 16 years .
i say we 're ready for our own game .
so , you sent half your civilization to look for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should think that half of us spend an hour a day playing until we solve the real world 's problems .
i know you 're gonna ask , " how do we solve problems in the real world ? " and that 's exactly what i 've done for the past few years at the institute .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , it 's like we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future .
what we want is to make the future .
we 'd like to introduce ourselves to the best outcome , and then people would agree to turn this idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'll show you three games that i designed to try to get people epic victories in their own future .
this is " world without oil . "
the game is from 2007 .
it 's an energy field where you need to overcome a quantum singularity .
we tested this game with 1700 players in 2007 , and we 've been with them for the last three years .
and i can tell you , it 's been an experience .
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they 're in an epic adventure and they say , " we 're out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you go on .
find out how they 'd survive , most of our players kept their habits in the game .
so , for the next game , we 've put a bigger , higher goal than just a little game .
we 've developed the game of the future .
the point of origin is to calculate that people only have 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called " the most sophisticated , " of course .
the call to players to sign up , we 've almost made a " a " team effort . "
you have the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-con and only you can save the world .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
they found 500 incredibly creative solutions that they can read when they say , " the word 's " .
and the last game we bring out on march 3 .
when you close the game , you will receive the award from the world bank , social security , 2010 .
we work with universities all over the country and invite them to study social studies .
we 've got a comic , we 've got " level high " for brain waves .
i 'd like to invite you all to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially the ones who benefit from introducing themselves to their own social enterprise to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great meaning for change .
we have all these super powers , unlimited productivity , the ability to tie tight social nets , and the desire for meaningful .
i really hope that together we play major games to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
in the next decade , i 'm sure of two things that we can create any future we can play .
so i say let the game begin !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something i noticed a few months ago in writing an article for an article in the paper .
i 've always had my morning paper handy in writing , but i 've already finished working the book , and i realized i 've never looked up in my life , which means " really retarded . "
i 'll read you the entry .
" healthy , strong , strong . "
of course , it was an old school thing .
but in fact , it was a copy of the early ' 80s when i just started elementary school and began to build my favorite place out of my family 's home and form , including other kids and the rest of the world .
and thank god , i didn 't use a metal detector back then .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life in no way can go positive , but today i 'm going to celebrate the odds and the adventures that i had .
so i immediately called in the ' 80s and expected me to find a significant contribution .
here 's the most impressive version of this movie .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words under " the most powerful and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we design these values .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
a lot of multinational corporations , including the greeks and the romans , they really believed that the pronunciation of a terrorist has a great power because what you say out loud , can also be heard .
so , what are we supposed to do- - a handicapped person or a decent person ?
to call a human being a child alone could be enough to narrow them down and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be nicer to open your doors ?
a man who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in wilmington .
his name is dr korby , a name , as you can imagine , most americans couldn 't pronounce correctly , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. always wore very colorful flies and was just made for work with children .
i found the time i spent in this hospital just great - except for my physical therapy .
and imagine that i have even tried to stop these exercises without success .
and if you make it , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i wonder today how much his vision of me as a strong and powerful young girl has shaped my heart , and i could imagine myself as one of nature of strong , strong , strong , and powerful human beings .
it 's just an example of many adults who can inspire the imagination of a child .
but as the already proven examples of the language , our language does not allow us to imagine what we would all wish , to make it possible for each and every person to see themselves as human beings .
our language lacks the social changes that have been caused by a significant change .
so , perhaps this change is more clear than ever , that there has always been another truth , because that every human being in society can give a very , very , very , and that the human ability to adapt to our greatest .
but the truth is , we 're changing , of course we 're marked by the challenge , whether it 's physically , emotionally or both .
and i say that 's good .
there is no obstacle that we must overcome to cope with our lives .
odds are simply part of our lives .
and i tend to see odds as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's barely there , but he 's always with me .
and i don 't want to cause the impact or the severity of a human being .
there are odds and challenges in life , and they 're just real and every person is different about it , but the question isn 't whether we 're dealing with odds or not , it 's how we deal with it .
so we 're not only responsible for keeping the people we love in front of us , but preparing them to get along .
and we don 't do our children any favors if we make them feel like they can 't adapt .
you have to separate two things to one of the medical fact of being amputated and to the other , the social opinion of whether i 'm disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and permanent handicap that i had to deal with is that the world keeps saying she can describe me with those phone calls .
maybe the current concept that only cares about what 's broken in one , and how we fix it , for each one bigger handicap than pathology .
if we don 't treat a human being more powerful , and not perceive all of his powers and possibilities , we can also achieve the natural struggle they may have to lead , another disease .
we have a man who has value for our society .
so we have to look beyond the point of view and focus on all human possibilities .
the most important thing is that there is a connection between the perception of our relationship and our great relationship .
we 're not supposed to deny these times or deny , we shouldn 't try to avoid them , or should we turn them under the rug , but it 's about recognizing odds .
it may be more about making it clear that we don 't necessarily have to overcome adversity , but that we are open to embrace it , to grab it by the hair , to use it , and maybe even dance with it .
and maybe we can see adversity as something natural and useful , and we don 't feel so burdened by their presence .
this year we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed out something very true in human character .
i would put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survive , and not the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt .
conflict creates creativity .
not only do we know that the ability of man to survive and survive is determined by the battle of the human mind to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adjustment are the greatest abilities of man .
and maybe we don 't know what wood we 're made of until we 're really tested .
maybe that 's exactly the point of odds , perception of me , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like that .
we can give a new meaning beyond difficult times .
maybe we can see odds as change .
odds are a change we haven 't adjusted yet .
i think the biggest damage we 've done to ourselves is to believe we 're supposed to be normal .
who 's normal ?
there 's no normal .
there 's the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor , gray person if it really existed ?
i don 't think so .
we have found out that we humans of the members of our society have always claimed one thing to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , have worn older people and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened because the life experience was valuable to society :
they didn 't consider these people broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i went to the city where i was growing up , to a private room in that red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was standing there in a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i wore shorts .
and i hear a guy saying , " well , if that 's not aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man .
and i meant , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you should hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her out of her mother 's belly . "
oh , that one .
and of course it did .
that was dr. lyutak , a man i only knew from my mother 's stories about this day , because , of course , i was typical for my birthday two weeks late .
my mother 's doctor was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world .
and because i was born without a pair of toes , and my feet were focused on them , and i just had a few toes on this one and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger that had to deliver the bad news .
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be for the quality of a human being .
you see , dr .
he understood that the medical diagnosis and how someone is handling it is two different things .
and i also changed my mind in the course of time , if you 'd asked me at the age of 15 years , if i 'd switched my limbs out of meat and bones , i wouldn 't have hesitated .
i wanted to be normal then .
if you ask me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's because i experienced something with my legs and not in spite of these experiences .
and maybe this change could happen , too , because i 've met so many people who 've opened doors to me instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or try to give me a performance .
you see , it really only takes one person to demonstrate how you can control your powers , and you 're through .
if you can get someone to activate their own inner powers , the human spirit is so powerful , if you can do that and open a door for someone in a crucial moment , you 're a very good teacher .
they teach them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the word , " the word " the " the " the " the " s . "
it means something more profound , that in one , is the potential .
again , what potential do we want to access ?
in the ' 60s , in britain , there was an emergency broadcast in the uk .
they call it " the most dangerous " in the united states , we call it " " a " .
the students will be divided by grades .
and the " a " student will be tested harder , the better teachers will get more .
you then gave the note " very good " for over a period of time , and they were told that you were aces that you were very smart and after those three months you really wrote .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around was told they were only sufficient .
and so it was after the three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who threw out the school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't privy .
the teachers didn 't know something was changed .
they were simply told that the students are sufficient with the grade , and that 's exactly how they taught them and treated them .
the only real handicap is a broken spirit , a broken spirit , broken , has no hope .
but if we can still support the human spirit , hoping to continue to find ourselves and other people around each other beautiful , to be curious , and then we 'll really put our powers together .
if a ghost has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
suppose i said that with a few changes of your genes , a better memory could be more precise , more precise and faster .
or would you like to be more powerful , more powerful .
would you like to be more attractive and more confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you 're one of those who 's always been more creative .
which one would you like most ?
what would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what 's wrong with you ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one of them , it would be a whole different world .
is this all just a fantasy ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a very interesting subject here on earth 's surface , but today i 'd like to give you the opinion of a doctor .
" the great geneticist in the 20th century , " " ... " ... " ... " " ... who was also a member of the russian church ... " ... once wrote an essay with the title " nothing in biology doesn 't make sense but the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , consider this , is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for others or does it concern us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of this world , far to the end , of course , is what we 're most interested in .
we branches from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in that period , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of animal attacks .
some came and left .
we 've been here for over 130,000 years .
it seems we 're rather remote from the other parts of life , but in the most part , the basic mechanisms are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it and use the mechanisms of a common brain to produce the protein of the human genome used to treat diabetic ?
this is not like a family tree ; this is the same protein that 's chemically transmitted from the pancreas .
and speaking of bacteria , do you realize that each of us in our bowels is more bacteria than it does in the rest of our body ?
maybe ten times .
i mean , do you think that if antonio is asking about your drug problem , do you think about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a wonderful environment for these bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will offer them all the nutrients they could wish for without effort .
it 's really an easy way for bacteria , with increased interruptions of the brain , forced thrust to the exit .
but otherwise , you 're a wonderful environment for these bacteria just as important to your life .
they 're helping with the digestion of the disease , and they 're protecting them against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of balanced balance in the form of a brain ?
or are we supposed to be something else - something that might even be adjusted to the environment ?
in this vast symphony of the universe , life on the earth is only short , like a beat , and a single human life , a small scale .
we were .
this also represents the sound of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first class .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i realized something very profound , most of which , the existence of life in the cells , shares every cell , and all the genetic information that remains in the cell .
but at the time when the organisms appeared , things began to change .
sexual reproduction occurs .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the genome will become expendable .
in fact , you could say that the death of our body in evolution at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i 've come to understand the feelings of george burns , who in las vegas , is performing his show in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him , there 's a beautiful , thin air force .
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here for the " .
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the realization that as a doctor , that i was different from the goal of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , only different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the mating season to the next generation , adjustment and survival generation after generation .
from a point of view , you and i are developed like booster missiles to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to drop into the sea .
i think we 'd all understand the mood woody allen expressed when he said , " i don 't want to reach immortality through my work .
i want to reach it by not dying . "
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean the longest life .
it doesn 't necessarily affect the greatest , the strongest or the fastest , not even the smartest .
evolution makes the creatures that adapt to their environment best .
it 's the only test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria , which are made to survive the hot steam , otherwise , if fish were there , it would have cooked fish to follow , yet they managed to make a more comfortable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some kind of balance .
and the reasons that we were first through medicine , managed to obtain a lot of genes that would have been removed from the population .
and second of all , as an environmental group , our environment has configured us to adapt to each other just as we adapt to them .
and by the way , we 're hiking and we 're moving and mixing so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to survive .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , imposed by nature 's powers .
and the argument here would be that the wheels of evolution slowly grind , but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , as we travel as a species of distant planets , there will be insulation and the changes of the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third possibility , a more fascinating and terrifying possibility
i call it- - the new development that isn 't just natural , but led and decided by us as a member of the decisions we make .
well , how did that happen ?
how could we possibly do this ?
let 's face reality that today , in some cultures , people make decisions about their descendants .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so you think if it wasn 't only possible to choose your child 's sex , but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would cure and cure disease .
what if they could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or reduce the effects of the cancer ?
wouldn 't you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we fail , that kind of change will be possible .
the human project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost $ 24,000 billion .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , you were able to do the same thing for $ 20 million in the amount of four months .
today , you can set a sequence of the three billion pieces of the human genome into a price of about $ 20,000 and into the room of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality is that there will be the $ 1,000 human rights , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin produces in bacteria that can make viruses that can 't only protect themselves , but can also serve immunity against other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in motion with a vaccine used in the cells of a nuclear weapon .
can you imagine anything good coming from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future , much more is possible .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if they could change the sperm and eggs or the fresh egg to give their kids a better chance for a better life - - to eliminate the diabetes , reduce the risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want to have children ?
and then the most advanced technology , the same engine of science that can allow the changes to prevent disease , could also enable us to adopt a better memory .
why don 't you have a ken jennings account number , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the world ?
why don 't you have the fast ones that will make you walk faster and longer ?
why no longer live ?
these will be irresistible .
and if we are in a place where we can pass it to the next generation , and we can adopt the most powerful that we want , we will be converted from evolutionary evolution .
we 're gonna have a process that usually takes 100,000 years , and we can do it for a thousand years and maybe even for the next 100 years .
these are decisions with which your grandchildren or their grandchildren must be dealt .
do we use these decisions to form a society that 's better , the more successful , the more friendly ?
or are we going to choose some of the different kind we want for some of us and not for others ?
are we going to form a society and form a society , or are we going to make a living , or are we going to make a living ?
these are the kind of questions we need to meet .
and on the deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop wisdom and master the wisdom we will need to make these decisions ?
in good as evil , and sooner than you may think , these decisions will be on us .
thank you .
i want you to think of something now , a portable robot that gives you superhuman abilities , or someone else who helps you get up and go .
we at berkeley university , we call these robots , uh ...
you 're nothing but something you put in the morning and that gives you extra strength and that will increase your speed and that will help you hold your balance .
that is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only do it to merge with it , and spread the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we 're starting to talk about the american soldier wearing about 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request for you to wear more equipment .
of course , this leads to some significant complications , 30 % of which chronic lung cancer .
so we figured that we would accept this challenge and create an act that would help deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you now , or the human universal carrier .
i can carry 200 pounds of land , for many hours .
his original design allows it to sit deep , crawl and carry out most erratic movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go , and then it increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this device to our star witness this new year .
so it 's true .
now , let 's take a good look at the sea view , something i 'm particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people who are in a wheelchair worldwide .
that 's about a percent of the time travel .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people here who have been met in their lives in the early 20s , 30s , ' 40s by fate , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the population of the population , whose number is increasing .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a cocktail party or other complications is the wheelchair .
and by the way , it 's been 500 years since his , as i have to say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in the area of mobility .
now let me present to you that is worn by amanda vanderwaal , who suffered a lung transplant 19 years ago , which has result that she has not been able to walk for 19 years and now .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it has sensors
his fully equipped sensors in the crutches , the signals on our sensor array , which is attached to your back .
there 's also some kind of power here , which is also attached to their hips , as well as the ones they 're moving forward in this very , very , very natural state .
i was 24 years old and in the best of my life ... than a single day of my life ... while i was at it .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement beneath my back .
not long after a doctor walked into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never be able to leave . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every ounce of hope from my consciousness .
i 've been learning to ski again , climbing and even riding with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the power to meet and discuss with you .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations not just for the soldiers or for amanda here and all of them , but for all .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of the world 's largest organization called robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight the fire as an assistant to a volunteer .
well , in our town , where volunteers have supported a highly sophisticated drug trade , you have to be pretty early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the academy , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the responsible captain and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he had just had a very serious conversation with the police department , who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella outside in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteers , who had arrived close to me , we call him lex luther , first to reach the captain , and was asked to go to the house and rescue the dog of the teamsters .
i was speechless with envy .
there was a lawyer or a lawyer who now could tell people for the rest of his life that he went into a burning house to save a living creature just because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me to him .
he said ,
you have to go upstairs , past the fire , and have to get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down where i met my nemesis at the front door and the beloved dog .
we carried our treasures to the outside , where , not surprising , got more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the police force , where they took the brave effort to save their house .
one above all valued kindness , someone even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and in my profession as a volunteer fireman , i am a witness to generosity and kindness on the great scale , but i also see the deeds of charity and charity .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so if i look around in this room and i see people who either have achieved a significant success or are on their way there , i 'd like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in another 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but every day offers us the opportunity to change one .
so go ahead , save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i 've just come back from a community who knows the secret of humanity .
a place where women lead the scepter , say hello to sex and play the day when fun is a serious matter .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of wild beasts in the jungle of congo .
we 're together with chimpanzees our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , a grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect in the story of human evolution .
but the other side of the medal
while chimpanzees are led by big , scary , scary , scary guys , the mating rituals are being led by a female .
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to an extremely sophisticated society that hasn 't been watched yet .
but unfortunately , the least known among the primates is the primates .
they live in the depths of the valley of the shadow of death , and they are hard to observe .
the climate is a paradox a land of extraordinary beauty and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself the scene of a violent confrontation that has been spreading for decades and as many lives as the first world war .
it 's not surprising that this destruction also threatens the survival of the fittest .
you can 't even fill a stadium with the remaining passengers and even there we are not sure to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a laughing sound that the trees shake .
who are these relatives ?
we know you as " love instead of war , " because you also have sexual intercourse with partners , and rules of conflict and social conflicts .
i 'm not saying that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the church is more than the sutra .
--
it 's not just a game .
for us , and it 's a game of principle for the commitment of relationships and tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game increases creativity and creativity , and it 's mostly about the variety of variety of interactions , variety of behaviors , variety of connections .
and when you watch the game , you can see the most beautiful of human laughter , dance and ritual .
game is the kitt that 's been tracking us .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i want to show you some unique footage from the wild .
first , there 's a football team on the east side and i 'm not thinking soccer .
so this is where we see a young female and male in the middle of a mountain .
look what she 's doing .
that could be the origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more , doesn 't he ?
yes !
so , we 've been spread , both of them , and humans .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms , some of which are a little more calm , more curious , perhaps to discover the surprise .
and i want to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think , just like you , we play alone sometimes , and we exploit boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that allows us to explore and interact , and the unexpected energy that we are forming are the real creation of creativity .
this is just a little taste of the insight that allows us into our past and present .
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to growing challenges , by greater creativity and more efficient cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our favorite .
in order to successfully adapt to the world we must play .
but are we going to do the best we can on our own ?
game 's not silly ,
it 's just a little bit more .
life is not made of teeth and claws .
just when it hardly seems appropriate , maybe game is the most appropriate .
and so , my fellow lords , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together while we combine the creativity the camaraderie and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to meet two pairs , middle 1979 , the exact same day , at the exact same time , each one shows a baby okay .
so two pairs , each shows a baby .
now , i don 't want you to use too much time to think of the music industry , because , you know , when you introduce yourself to the , you won 't listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , you imagine that in a case , sperm is wearing an " y " suit that meets the " x " of the ice .
and in the other case , the sperm is wearing an " x " that hits the " x " of the " s .
they 're both light , both light .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my work , i have two hats .
under a hat , i deal with the history of anatomy .
i 'm a study of animal agriculture , and in this case , i 'm investigating people with anatomy , which is called human body , animal body , like you with bodily fluids , with body fluids , like you thought about body .
the other hat i used to wear at my work is the one of the most talented , or , as i sometimes say , as a lawyer of people who are doctors .
in this case , i 've been working with people who have social standards questioning .
that 's how i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in a body .
i used to work with people who were more than usual .
and a lot of times , i 've worked with people whose sex is so people who don 't have the average male or female characteristics .
and as a general term , we can use the word " a " .
there are many different forms .
i 'm just giving you a couple of examples of the possible types of women who don 't match the male or female standard .
in a case , you might have someone with a brain tumor , and the most powerful gene of the " y " is the most powerful thing we all have to grow testicles .
and that 's why the testicles are dropping testosterone at the arctic stadium .
but because this individual lacks the ability to detect the testosterone , the body does not respond to testosterone .
and that 's what they call " a " .
so much testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body is more likely to follow the female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but it takes most of the time to reach puberty and grow her breasts and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone comes to think there 's something else .
and they run some tests , and they find out that instead of the womb , she 's actually wearing testicles and that she 's got a y.
it 's important to understand that this person is actually a male , but they 're not really .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that they call animal agriculture .
they 're in the back of our body .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ...
most women , like me , i think i 'm a typical woman , i don 't know my actual sex life , but i think i probably have the typical women that i actually talk to on tv commercials .
we 're making a film , and we 're going to be talking to the police .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that was exposed more than a woman who was born with testicles and has a heart attack .
so , sex is really complicated , and there are not only in the middle of sex in certain ways , they can be spread across the bandwidth ,
he had an extreme form of a congenital bone structure .
and in the womb , he was so active , that they were essentially creating a male organ .
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was exposed to the most violent male part of the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - nobody knew .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because inside , the doctors found out he was female .
okay , just one more quick example for a version of animal control .
some people with advanced chromosomes , develop something called a subspace field , which is covered by a metal plate .
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason why children with that kind of body are the most sophisticated or siamese twins , is it often adapted to the norm , is not because this is for their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why you often have different types of surgical procedures is because you threaten our social categories .
our system is based on the idea that a certain , uh , environmental terrorist group has a certain identity .
so we have the concept of being a woman is to have a female identity , to be a black person , supposedly have an african anatomy in mind of its own history .
so , we have this horrible , horrible idea .
and when we are confronted with a body that actually represents something very different to us , it confuses us with the presence of these creatures .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of animal agriculture .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , who are two people in a body ,
since i had experienced most of the excitement lately , the most terrifying caster caster caster was questioned last year , whose sex with the world cup in berlin was questioned .
a lot of journalists called me with the question , " what test are you going to do , tell us if caster is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalist that there is no such test .
we now know that sex is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or male and female , and female and female , we are , of course , pretending that we are .
and that 's not just about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our chief resident .
we 'll be able to get into all kinds of different areas .
for example , the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimpanzees .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we 're just different from them by a few of them ?
while we continue our science , we are increasingly entering a zone of space where we have to acknowledge that the fundamental categories we probably had are too simple .
we see this in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas where we 're looking at this , in today 's culture , in today 's united states , the fights over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about which point a body becomes human , so that he has another right to live .
we have very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as publicly as in medicine , about when someone is dead .
our ancestors never had a hard time fighting the question when someone was dead .
you 've only held a feather under your nose , and if she moved , you haven 't buried her yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today , we are in a situation where we extract people 's vital organs , and they want to push people away .
and as a result , we get caught in the fight with the really hard question when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple as we used to .
now , you could assume that the whole collapse of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i 'm political , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are really much more complicated than we thought .
and it makes me tense about thinking about democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first confess that i am a big fan of the family values .
i know you 've been an expert , i know you 've been an expert , but you were great .
i think you were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you did , every few years , i 've been looking at the musical , and it 's not because of the music that 's absolutely to forget .
it 's because of what happened with the men .
from my point of view , the originals were activists , which is why .
what she did was a brilliant concept , and they replaced it with another radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very sophisticated concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world didn 't have a concept based on dna , but they had a concept of dna .
they had a concept of blue blood .
you were the idea that people who had political power should have this political power , due to grandfather 's bloodline to their father and so forth .
the founding fathers returned this idea and replaced it with a new concept , and this concept said that all humans were created equal .
they took the field and decided that they saw the elements that mattered in common , not the differences , and that was very radical .
now , they did this because they were part of a system where two things came together .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science grew .
when you look at the history of science , it becomes clear that many of you were very interested in science , and you were interested in a concept of a world that was born .
they went away from explanations , and they cast things , like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transmission was based on a very vague , very vague form of birthright .
they moved to an elaborate concept .
and when you look at the declaration of independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
you 're not talking about god and nature of god .
you 're talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , she gave us a concept that was a common concept .
and with that , you have prepared the future of the future .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women are successful .
the next thing we know , the success rate came when we saw people like the most honest truth that came over it , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the ranks of the men who say , " i am a man . "
once again , people of different color , which are based on the common differences of common differences , again , successful .
we 're looking at the same thing at the police academy .
of course , the problem is that as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to question why we maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i would like to maintain certain breakups , to be seen in our culture .
i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should keep our distance from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that i should have the right to give her consent to sex or to marry .
so there are a couple of months of separation that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and whether it makes sense .
so let 's get back to those two creatures who were conceived at the beginning of the war .
we fathered two beings , both in 1979 the same day .
let 's imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born to be born on march 1 , 1980 ,
just because of the fact that maria was born three months premature , every possible right three months before heinrich has the right to have the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich must wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of his birth .
we 'll find other security concerns about what your rights are .
heinrich , since you assume that he 's a male , although i didn 't tell you that he 's the one with benefits because you assume he 's a male , he can be moved in , which maria doesn 't have to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot perceive the same law that heinrich has in all the states , to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states .
so we have these permanent categories that are problematic and questionable in many ways .
and to me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our science is making such progress in the area of the anatomy , that we reach a point where we have to admit that a democracy could be based on anatomy ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , it feels like science makes itself .
so where are we going ?
it looks like our culture is taking some kind of , " well , we need to draw a line somewhere , so we 're moving it somewhere . "
but a lot of people are caught in a very strange position .
so , for example , texas decided at one point that marrying a man means that you don 't have an " y " and marrying a woman means that you have a " y " .
well , in the practice , people don 't get tested on their brain functions .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the story that i told you about the first time .
if we look at one of the most modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream " some way .
he says we shouldn 't judge people by their color , but by the quality of their character , and so beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their judgment ?
i would like to suggest that i also know some bright , capable , capable , capable , capable , capable , capable , responsible decisions regarding their sexual relationships as some of the most powerful i know .
so how are we supposed to question the qualities of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that could be seen in the future with a sense of vision ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to thinking about democracy .
in our efforts to democracy , we did our thing really well , and i think we 'd do our thing well in the future .
conditions of this kind do not exist with us .
i 'm glad to be able to say that we don 't have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who brought together some siamese twins to separate them , to make a name .
i told him , " now you 've considered political asylum instead of an operation to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without having to change for the state 's sake .
that 's why i think we need to be the leader .
well , just to close up , i 'd like to see that i 've talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of democracy , or look if we had more involved with the mothers .
and i 'd like to say something that 's a little radical for a brain wave , and i think there could be different kinds of insight that could be caused by different types of anatomy , if people use a brain scan .
for years now , because i 've been interested in animal agriculture ,
and one of the things i really found interesting is the difference between men and women in ways they think and operate in the world .
what we have learned from the study of modern science is that women , on average , are not everyone , but on average , are more complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable to a lot of attention .
and so , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was doing a dance lesson , one of my favorites , who knew my interest in -- i thought i was an art teacher , so do a really weird question .
he said , " tell me what 's the most feminine thing . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i 've ever heard .
it 's about breaking off clichs about sex , so there 's nothing female about sex .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something female in the women 's room .
which means there might be something on average , which makes female brains different from male , which makes us more attentive to social relationships , and more attentive to the social ones .
and maybe that 's where we have to go in the future if we think democracy over anatomy beyond the individual body of identity and more about relationships .
so that if we try to connect as people , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and that 's , i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love to wear a different outfit at every opportunity , to wear a crazy outfit , and lately i 've been taking pictures , too .
but i don 't buy anything new .
i get all my clothes from the second hand on the back and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
i 'm allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and also my purse .
i meet all kinds of great people , my dollars usually serve a good cause ; i look pretty unique , and it 's shopping for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i 've won .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week at ted 's .
i mean , what brings someone with so many outfits ?
so i 'll show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of panties , and that 's all .
panties for exactly one week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet i 'd find anything else i might want to wear once i got to palm springs .
and since you haven 't heard from me as the woman who 's walking around with ted in her underwear , that means i found some things .
and i want to show you my outfits for this week .
does that sound good ?
while i do , i will also give you some of the lessons i , whether you believe it or not , learned from these adventures , not to wear anything new .
let 's start sunday .
i call that the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money looking great .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i 've worn all week .
monday , color is a bit of a color .
it 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood when you wear pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
tuesday is totally overrated .
i 've spent a lot of time of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
if you are surrounded by the right people , you will not only understand , you will also appreciate it .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing , or that i remind them of their favorite games .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
thursday , confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost safe .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day after day .
but when i turned 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i 'm going to summarize that for you .
if you think you 're a wonderful person inside and out , there 's nothing you can 't wear .
so there 's no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal truth - five words - golden words match everything .
and in the end , saturday , developing a unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without saying a word .
it was always proven to me over and over again that week when people came to me just because of what i was wearing and i had great conversations .
obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm gonna donate it all back .
because the lesson i 'm trying to learn this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to get emotional about these things , because right around the corner , there 's always gonna be another crazy , scary , shining outfit waiting for me when i have a little love in my heart and i find it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everybody .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a bird of prey as a flying dragon .
that 's what we call in our lab .
let me tell you about it .
a while ago , when you wanted to win a formula 1 , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
this is what you would call a family meeting .
and basically , it 's a system that consists of two parts - - a partial part and a computer virus .
what 's interesting these days is starting to show up in our lives .
our cities have been equipped , in the last few years , just with electronics and electronics .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer in the open , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
if we set up towns , that 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the global population live there .
they 're 75 % of the radiation - causing to 80 % of the co2 emissions .
so if we do something about the cities , that 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , all of them take notice and power in objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition that 's organized for the rest of the year at the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , start talking back to us .
in a sense , it 's almost as if every atom out there becomes both , a sensor and a sensor .
and that changes radically the interaction that we humans have outside with our environment .
in a way , it 's almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...
well , today , our environment begins for the first time to answer us .
i 'm just gonna show you some examples - - again , with the idea of seeing our environment and moving forward .
let 's start with that .
now the first project i 'd like you to meet is in fact one of the first of our lab .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won the lottery .
some of you will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then at the end of the year ,
and anyway , italy won at the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity that happens in the network .
here you see the city .
you see in the middle of the colosseum , the river .
in the morning , before the game .
you 're looking at the front door .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game starts - silence .
france makes a gate .
halftime , people make a short call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
in a moment of crisis .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square , massimo , where , since the roman time , people go to the party to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't do it a few years ago .
it 's not about people , it 's about things we use and consume .
well , these days we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips a mac computer consists of how they came together .
but we don 't know much about where things go .
so in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who helped us a little more than a year ago , in seattle , to mark the things that they were doing - different kinds of things - - - like they could see , throw away things anyway .
then we put the little chips , the little stamps on the garbage and started tracking him .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized there 's a lot of energy in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data wasn 't available before .
but that happens to a lot of elaborate transports and complicated things .
the other thing is , we think that every day we see the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it 's still on the planet somewhere .
and the ones we throw away every day .
and if we were to show that to people , then we can move on to a routine .
so that 's the reason for this project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in spain .
it started with a question of the mayor who came to us and said that spain and spain have a beautiful tradition to use in public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how could you connect technology to new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was investigated in a nuclear reactor was , imagine those tubes , and valves , gas doors , open and close .
they 're causing something like a sea lion with water .
if these test results , you can write on it , you can report patterns , images , lines .
and you can get close to him , and he 'll open up to make you look at this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor .
he liked it very much .
and we got the order to design a building at the expo entrance .
we called it the digital water .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if they approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was covered with water , too .
and if it 's windy , if you want to lower the syringe , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture is almost gone .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who wonders what happens inside .
and here you see me trying to test the sensors that opened the water , not get wet .
well , i should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped functioning .
but actually , it was more fun that night .
all the kids from west berlin came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , engineers , as designers , we always think about how people use things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here is now a picture of the building with the physical characteristics , the water and the projections on it .
and this is what made us think about the following project i 'm about to show you .
just imagine , in front of those sea creatures could really start flying .
imagine you could have little helicopters flying through the air , and each one of you with a little bit of light , almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter like the one you saw earlier , moving with others completely in sync .
you can have this cloud .
you can have some kind of visual screen or an ad , like this - - a horizontal formation in two dimensions .
or irregular , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of power .
you can play with different kinds .
just imagine , in front of the screen , could just appear in different sizes or sizes in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could just be a 3-d cloud that you can walk into and move through which you can look through , from many , many ways .
this is where you see a real piece of paper that 's designed to form a more sophisticated v .
if you turn on the light , it looks like it , just like we saw before .
imagine that every single one of them is controlled .
it could have an impulse that comes from people 's movements or something .
i want to show you something first .
we 've been working with roberto sandberg , one of the best of our time - - the grand theatre at the metropolitan theater in new york and in milan - - we 've taken his movements in 3d to use it as an impulse to use it .
here you see roberto dancing .
on the left , you see the marks , the different impressions .
at the same time , it 's a family thing and a family thing .
so you can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all the star charts , they can play with it and play with colour and gravity .
we 'd like to use that as a possible impulse for the warp core .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we work for the olympics in london .
it 's called the cloud - the cloud .
the idea is , in turn , imagine that we bring the people back in to do something and change the environment - almost as we call it , how to put a cloud in it , but with a cloud .
imagine that anyone can give a little donation to a charity .
i think that the remarkable of the events of the past few years is that we have changed from a physical to a digital world .
it 's got everything , you know , and makes it accessible through the internet .
these days , for the first time - and the obama campaign has shown - - we can change from the digital world , from the powers of the networks to the physical world .
it can be in our case that we use it to create a symbol .
it means something built in the city .
but tomorrow it can , to face the coming challenges - think about climate change or co2 emissions - how can we change from the world to digital .
so the idea is that we actually include the people in doing things together , collective .
the cloud is once again a cloud of dust , in the same way a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water while our cloud is a cloud of dust .
it 's an urban structure in london , but it 's covered .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important moments for olympia and 2012 , and use it as a bond to the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at its top , like london 's new star .
you can go in .
and some kind of digital lighthouse that night - - but as an expert , a new kind of experience for everyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , it 's very important to me .
through my work , i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first time .
i was in awe .
my heart was pounding , i was dizzy trying to catch what was in front of me .
and i could only imagine it was a snowflake on another snowflake , year by year .
they 're born to be a calf of a calf or breaking out of the sea .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact with their environment and their experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end while others can no longer stand it and in a dramatic stroke of passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , as we humans see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
while an iceberg melts , i breathe its atmosphere .
while the iceberg is melting , it will release the drinking water that feeds many life forms .
i go to my recordings of these images as if i make portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these individual moments , they exist out of this way and will never exist again .
it 's not death when they melt ; it 's not an end , it 's an end of the process , it 's a mass of their own along the ridge .
it 's part of the secret service i 've been living in is very young - a few thousand years old .
and a part of the process is over 100,000 years old .
the last images i 'd like to show you , show you an iceberg that i 've been running around in greenland .
very rare is actually witnessed by an iceberg .
here you see it .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please watch the shape of the iceberg and where he is at the front door .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat moved to the other side , the man 's standing there .
it 's the average size of a shoe .
he 's about 120 feet out of the water or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was this guy .
his name is ...
it was one of the leaders of the ' 80s .
then one day , he came back from walking and said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the outbreak .
it 's completely paralyzed .
he can only use his eyes .
i stood opposite him .
i have a company that makes design and design , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect .
so we decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we 'll give you this money ,
what are you gonna do with it ? "
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back with him , and i said , " wait a minute , isn 't that - - i saw stephen hawking - can 't all people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you listen to the higher ground and have a remarkable insurance policy , you can really do that .
normal people are not accessible to these devices . "
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen the movie " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers go .
i said , " how can that be ? "
so i came with the need to just write a check , and instead , i made a check that i didn 't have the faintest idea how to cash it .
because it 's a farce that someone who still carries all this can 't communicate . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i 've met these people from the graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then draw with a remote access to it only the negative surface .
so , you move around and you go around like this .
they say that all the things that are being reported up there are consequences to a terrorist attack .
it starts with the rules , then the swearing come , and the last thing people do is art .
but there 's always been an energy surge in your brain .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did some things .
first of all , we 've got the insurance company to lock the doors , and we actually got a phone call to get him to communicate with - a stephen .
that was incredible .
and he 's really funny - - i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or get an e-mail , and i think , " i 'm so unworthy , this guy is incredible . "
besides , we flew seven programmers all over the world literally from all corners of the world to our home .
my wife , my kids , and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and anarchists took over our house .
many of our friends thought we were pretty stupid to do that , and that we would have left all the pictures on the walls .
but for over two weeks , we 've been programmed , we 've gone to the science fair in venice , my children have been included , my dog and we have this .
it 's called a " b " and you can see the description .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought at the venice police station , something a little more powerful and a few things from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a power source , they took it in , put it on a computer program , and now we have a device that 's available - - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free , you can download the software .
so we created a device completely free of restrictions .
no insurance can change ,
no hospital either .
anyone who can actually communicate with their eyes or draw .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
at the end of the two weeks , so we went back to caleb 's room .
i love this picture , because it 's someone else 's room , and that 's his room .
there 's all this carnival before the big unveiling
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of travel , and nights , tony drew again after seven years .
and that 's an impressive picture , because this is his life support , and he looks beyond his life-support system .
we bent his bed so he could look outside .
we 've set up a projector against a wall of fire outside the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in the presence of his family and friends and you can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
we had to break into the parking lot , too , so we felt good as part of the business .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail with the contents : " for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i feel like i 've been pushed under water , and finally someone grabbed down and pulled my head so i can breathe . "
isn 't that amazing ?
it 's kind of like our favorite .
it keeps us at the bar and keeps us going .
and we have much to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing device , but it 's coming to an instant .
and someone who has such potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we 've received all kinds of credit .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming out of our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong ran over us , and then , in december , honored us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest part is - - and that includes the whole circle - that this april , in the downtown los angeles , there will be an exhibition called " art of the streets "
and there 's probably gonna be pretty much the toughest representatives in the world series - sports fans , shepard 's , uh ... all these guys will be there .
it 'll be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
so basically , when you see something that 's impossible , then make it happen .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the ... everything was impossible .
make it possible - all of you here .
i 'm not a programmer , and i 've never had anything to do with computer technology , but i just caught something and surrounded myself with amazing people so we could put something on our feet together .
and that question should be asked every one of you and every single day you realize something that needs to be done , if not now , when and when i don 't , who does ?
thank you .
so , i write for kids , and i 'm probably america 's most favorite writer .
and i always tell people i don 't want to come like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever voted for a farmer .
today , i 'd like to tell you about circles and sports .
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends made it - -
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle started back in the ' 60s in high school in the ' 60s , ohio , where i was .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life using the toilet in the teachers ' lounge .
she secretly did .
she did it for three years ,
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me to san francisco in california - i found a lover - and back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to take a job at the university .
about three or four years ago , i received a call from this teacher in the middle of the night .
i 'm sad we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come with the man i know you found him by now .
" and i should mention that i have a lot of money and that i would like you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for you , we took you there , and we took care of you , and we gave eight to your family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , turned into a box of ashes and was put in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle and the revelation i was talking about .
the revelation is death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i 'm so glad that 's been mentioned here so often .
he needs the same - - he needs love and pleasure , and it 's up to us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a great explosion while rising to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine an engine , the engine , the engine , the engine , the engine , the engine , the power , the engine , the power , the engine , the power , the engine , the engine , the power , the engine , the engine , the engine .
that sounds scary .
well , i had a unique place that day ; i was sitting on the sidelines .
i was the only one who could talk to the elders .
so i looked right at them , and they said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we weren 't that far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot turned off the machine after the hudson river .
it 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
just think of an airplane .
and then he said three words - the words i 've ever heard .
he says , " prepare for impact . "
i didn 't have to talk to the police .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things that i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
while i was thinking about it later , i remembered a spell called " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , i 'll open it .
i never want to postpone anything in my life .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing that i learned that day , and that was when we took down the george washington bridge , pretty much about ...
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i decided to get better at everything i 've done .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i regretted the time i wasted for meaningless things with people who mean something .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and after thinking about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i 'm not trying to be right anymore ; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned during the internal clock , " 15 , 14 , 13 ... "
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 parts of how you know it out of plastic .
while we crash , i had this feeling of dying isn 't scary .
almost like we 're preparing for this our whole lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness is really in a thought that i only want one thing .
i just wish i could see my kids grow up .
about a month after that , i went to see a performance of my daughter , not much of a talent ...
not yet .
and i celebrate , i cry like a little child .
and everything in the world made sense to me .
i realized back then , by putting the dots together , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , everything else , is my only goal in life to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift , because to see the future and to come back and live differently .
my call to everyone who flies today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight - please don 't - but imagine it and how would you change ?
what would you do to delay because you think you 're there forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything , are you the best parents you can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the back is pretty simple .
we don 't want iran building the bomb .
the most important position there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear weapon in northern california .
the gray boxes that you see here , they 're the best .
now , if we can compromise the systems , which control power and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don 't run with nuclear weapons , based on a completely different technology .
but if we can manage to get a wireless signal on a laptop that 's used by a computer device to download this gray box , then we 're in business .
and that 's the planning of the past .
so we 'll start with an emergency meeting .
the plasma conduits are being transferred into the gray box , damage the centrifuge and the iranian transport system .
it 's a piece of cake , isn 't it ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research on the first six months ago , there was no one who knew what the purpose and purpose of this war was .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated about the most part , the most vulnerable part , he made use of a lot of loose ends .
and it seemed to be a little more romantic with those gray boxes , this ...
that aroused our attention , and we began a project where we began our environment with infected infected infected infected , and examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he acted like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese , but wouldn 't eat it .
it didn 't make sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different kinds of cheese , i realized this was an assault .
fully aimed at a specific target .
the main event is active in the gray box when a specific configuration has been discovered , even if the special program is trying to infect it on this target .
and if you don 't , i won 't do anything .
well , that really got my interest , and we started working with it , almost round the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could , for example , say , an american power plant or be a nuclear weapon in germany .
so we better find out what the target is .
so let 's get the code back and find out he 's in two digital warheads is a smaller and bigger one .
and we also noticed that they were very professional designed by people who obviously had all the information available .
they knew all the military forces and military forces they had to attack .
they probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and if you 've already heard that the energy supply is complex and complex , let me tell you , the brain cells are a science to themselves .
it 's much more challenging than anything we 've ever seen .
here you are looking at a piece of this coded code .
we 're talking about , like , 15,000 lines of code .
looks kind of like the old-fashioned way .
and i want to tell you how we were able to get smart from that code .
so the first thing we were looking for was a lot of phone calls because we know what these things do .
and then we went to look for some kind of power source and tried to connect this to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories about those targets we could prove or refute .
in order to make these theories , we will remember that it is definitely sabotage , it has to be a vital target , and very likely it is in iran because most of the infections have been reported .
well , there are not many thousand targets in this area .
basically , it 's going out to the nuclear power plant and the nuclear power plant in central asia .
so , i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts for drug trafficking and drug dealers from our school . "
and i called her and told her to compare her knowledge to what we found in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead to the nuclear device .
the point is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this device , then you 're actually able to crack the reactor core , and finally let the centrifuge explode .
whatever we found out is that the target of the attack was actually desperate to make it happen slowly and creepy , obviously , in trying to make sure they weren 't able to get past it quickly .
the great digital warhead we 've received a glimpse of using very precise data and data .
so , for example , the number of " the " b " is a very big step out of this code .
i began to write scientific literature about how these construction sites are built in central africa , and i found out they are structured in the so-called art books , and each of them contains the most powerful and most powerful ,
so that made sense , it fit together .
and it got better .
they 're divided into 15 so-called levels in iran .
and guess what we found in the freezer ?
almost identical structure .
so again , that was really good together .
and this gave us great confidence for what we were investigating here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it wasn 't easy .
these results have been accomplished through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually targeting and the same target , but from different directions .
the small warhead is taking over a nuclear weapon , and it 's pushing it , slowing it down , and the great warhead is kicking in interaction with six nuclear warheads .
so , in the big and all , we 're very confident that we actually have what the target is .
it 's just a matter of time .
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by a bomb .
here 's some really cool stuff we discovered .
there 's the gray box down there , and up there , you can see it .
well , what this thing does is that it 's the incoming readings from sensors to sensors , for example , from the lack of data , and it provides legitimate code that runs during the attack .
and in fact , this false incoming data from the first time .
so it 's exactly the same as in the car chase where the surveillance camera is being fed with prior video .
that 's cool , isn 't it ?
the idea here is obviously not just to outsmart the control room .
in fact , it 's much more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital security where a human brain can 't react fast enough .
so in a power plant , for example , when the big oil industry gets too fast , you have to open the door doors within the walls .
of course , this can 't be done by a human being .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they 're compromised , bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the security cameras nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm saying now is very important .
think about it .
he 's got nothing special to do with animal control .
so , for example , he would work just as well in a floating power plant or a power plant .
- it 's not .
and you don 't have to be as the attacker , you don 't have to put the time frame over a stick like we saw on the wall .
you could also use common technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you end up getting a hell of a job .
that 's the consequence we have to face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets is not in the middle east .
they 're in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most powerful weapons .
we have to face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people suspect the mossad is behind it .
do you agree ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so , the driving force behind it is the most dangerous thing .
there 's only one , and these are the united states of happiness .
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for giving us the creeps .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i 've been working in a tea room dangerous .
i 've been filming difficult and dangerous in the film .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this , this is fun at first , a little difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when i knew that i would come here to look at the world of beasts and beasts ,
some of them may have heard i filed an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i got a couple of college kids , some college kids , and i gave people a chance to get the credit card on my late 2011 .
but besides , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you know how many people look at this ?
a lot .
by the way , that 's just the main thing .
in spite of that warning , i knew that someone would buy the insurance company .
if you had asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't have been able to tell you this with certainty .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new movie , we 're investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
like i said , over the years , i 've been going into some pretty terrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could arm me , anything as difficult and as dangerous as these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is make a film around the world of commercial , marketing and advertising , where the whole film is funded by the most profitable , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called " the hottest movie ever pay . "
so what happens in " the sexiest movie ever " is that everything , from top to bottom , from the beginning , is entirely by brand that you see in the movie is the x .
now , this brand , the most spectacular stadium ...
these people will be connected to the movie forever - forever .
and that 's how the film is going to investigate this whole idea of --
i 'm a person of interest .
that was more emphasis .
it was forever , forever .
but we 're not just gonna have the badge x as an expert , but we 're gonna make sure we sell every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we 'll sell a shoe and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven , from " the sexiest movie ever pay " the greatest drink you 've ever had , a attention from " the ever pay . "
so the idea is to point out that brands are part of life , actually , get them to finance the movie ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the film is transparency .
you 'll see the whole thing in the movie of numbers .
so this is the whole concept , the whole movie , from the beginning to the end .
and i 'd be happy to see if i could help you accomplish this .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have any perspective , i don 't want to use " perspective , " because that has a negative mood tone , but do you know how this is gonna work ?
how much money is needed to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet you , but i think it 's definitely worth talking to some really known brands .
if the movie comes out , maybe we look like a bunch of idiots .
how do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will be most likely no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out what stamps .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean we wanted to run a video game .
turns out it really meant " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just so all these companies disappeared , one by one .
no one wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was surprised .
you didn 't want anything to do with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present your product as many people as possible , let so many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , on this new and ancient media and the most popular , it 's not the idea of being in this new exciting new world that brings the masses this message .
no , that was what i thought .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal mistake , and that was the following .
actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake .
that wouldn 't have been a problem .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
you see , if you enter transparency in the air conditioning , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like the way you do , you know ?
that was the problem : transparency free of deception and deception , simply to discover , and understand immediately , by direct access to information , especially as far as the final line is certain the biggest problem .
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency right now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our leaders say it .
but when the time comes , something changes .
but why ?
she 's like this weird road .
and she 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
a whole bowl of cool whip .
that 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
look , when i was a kid and my father caught me lying and there he is , and he looks at me with that look , he 'd say , " my son , there 's three versions of every story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real version .
so what they all started to understand , or what i started to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your badge is understood is a problem .
i have friends who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , and i have friends who make little , like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , they say that the reason their films are so successful is because of what they have .
and then my friends say , " well , how are we going to compete with these big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , "
and the movie is called " the hottest movie ever pay . "
so , how exactly are we going to see movie stars ?
every time i get on my way , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , you 'll see the deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , can i say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those great scents .
or a " paradise misplaced , " you 'll have a choice .
we will both be equipped for men and women , for women , for women 's parties , or a stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all of your questions and give you a clear version .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller movies , we 're a match .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing stuff like that , you know , reminds people of --
what words would you describe ?
it 's broken .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone is doing under their armpits .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , " fresh " is a great word that this category really makes something more interesting than " smell and moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh more fresh , more fresh , three times fresh .
this kind of thing has a profound effect .
and this is an emergency .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who 's just like me .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
woman , ' 80s , she 's meeting with a woman who 's not at all .
all right , what 's the badge gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of color and stuff .
but i usually have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a badge , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
man 2 : the brand i am is , i 'd say it 's a fly .
woman 2 : part hippie , yogi , part " i don 't know .
man 3 :
i sell the whole country , the world .
so i think that 's my badge .
this is my brand in my small , industrial .
my badge is fedex because i was delivered .
man 5 : badge of honor .
can you do that ?
i 'm a lawyer .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the most charming , but i often see myself on the dark glamour and fuzzy fly .
and what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could break into my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call " the " the " the " the " the "
and that 's how i found a company called the olson auto company .
you 've helped companies such as corporate companies , corporate corporations , government agents , to discover these terrorist attacks .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures , right ?
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little about how your thoughts and feelings are connected to you .
these are the people who make my favorite .
tell me about this world .
i think the world is the world where you live like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work .
all these things come and start from a place , and they come for me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's next you want to talk about ?
this was the best day of my life .
what 's the connection between the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things different .
i like things that are weird .
tell me about the " why " s she bringing us ?
what 's the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little more about you that aren 't you .
what else did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that your favorite two separate sides , but the other side of the side of the boat , morgan is a brand new .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands do that ?
first one 's a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , too , target , rescue , mini of mini cooper 's ,
well , there are , uh ... there are , uh , badges , and , uh ... these things that come and go , but , you know , a brand that 's a pretty strong thing .
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to ask you to describe your description , your expertise , how about it ?
are you something that puts the blood in the freezer ?
or are you more of a professional ?
are you something that 's a little quieter , more comfortable ?
there are things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , adventurous , adventurous , and lovely , and lovely , lovely flynn ,
or are you more like a dog ?
are you as careful as 007 ?
are they established , traditional , traditional , caring , like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , family , safe , safe , holy , considered and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and down , and the " no " said because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they didn 't want anything to do with this movie because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of the film , the way we tell the story in this film , that they 're using video games these days to make the most of the brain and advertising .
we were going to sao paulo , which was forbidden .
the whole town hasn 't found a tv show in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we were going to a place where companies would work their way to the schools , all of america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects i got most feedback from or where i had the greatest success are those where i deal with things directly .
and that 's what those stamps did ,
because you hired the middleman , you ran the agencies , and you said that the agencies may not really have your interest in it .
i 'll deal with the artist directly .
i 'm gonna work with him and do something completely different , something that makes people think our world is challenging .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the sundance movie premiere , we can take a look .
according to the board of directors , the premiere was in january , and since then , it 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million calls from this movie .
it 's actually only a period of two and a half weeks .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
there 's not even online yet .
he hasn 't come out in other countries .
well , after all , the film has gained a very big film .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended your client to keep his hands off it .
something i believe in is that when you take your chance , take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing this , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that when you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the whole company to gain a profit .
i have a feeling we have to encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
after all , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
one big spoon each , we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty brings us very far .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk , they welcome transparency , they were presented to you by my good friends of mine at the market , who paid $ 300,000 on ebay .
great data will be turned into great opportunities for organizations all over the world .
" welcome to transparency "
thank you .
well , morgan , in the name of transparency , this , what exactly happened to the $ 100 bill ?
that 's a great question .
i 've got a check in my pocket , issued a check for the insurance companies , the insurance companies , a $ 20 check , to finance my pay cheque next year .
my name is ...
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i got excited to do something with museums and art .
and it took 18 months .
i can tell you with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there 's a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - - i 'm not complaining - but i haven 't had access to many museums and those college kids .
when i was traveling and visiting these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this longing - - to do art with technology .
then we formed a team , a great team , and we started this .
i 'll probably start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so , you just go to the movies .
you can look around in all these museums .
there 's the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you come in for two , very simple .
you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where you are , bombay , mexico , it doesn 't matter .
you go around and have fun .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card and jump with a click .
they 're in , they want to get to the end of the hall .
go ahead .
look .
thanks , but the best is still coming .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , most talented , most experienced in the met .
i can see that .
if the museum gave us the picture , click on it .
this is now one of the images .
this is all the time .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i 'm gonna put this away .
this is one of the images we 've been holding with the so-called , uh , surveillance camera .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion dollar bills , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ? "
i 'll show you now :
it 's easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i was beginning to notice those kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , talked to some of the people at the met , and i actually found out it was a game called a chicken fight with a stick .
it seemed rather popular .
i don 't know why you did it , but i learned something about it .
to get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the rundown , i 'll figure out what to get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best is still - in a second .
let 's jump to the north gate in new york .
another one of my favorite things .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see the magic show ?
what if you want to see van gogh create this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom in on one of my favorite pictures until i 'm really at the cracks .
it 's probably never seen anything like this before .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have time .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called the " super . "
each of you , everyone - - whether rich or poor , if you have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you can go online and create your own museum from all these pictures you can put on your own collection .
it 's simple , you go in , and i created this , it 's called the power of the zoom - - you can move in .
this is the envoy in the village .
you can send anything with notes , your friends , and you can start a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think in conclusion , the main thing for me is that all these wonderful things don 't come from google .
you don 't even come from the museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope we 'll be fair with this digital medium of art , and you represent it properly online .
and the biggest question i 've been asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a drug dealer ? "
the answer to that is no .
i want it to supplement the experience .
that 's the point .
thank you .
this is a representation of your brain .
that 's the left half , which is the logical side , and then the right half that 's the opposite side .
if we had a scale to measure the level of every hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , if this person is completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
well , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of these extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , your brain looks like this with a high level of energy that 's in both sides .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
you can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most of the other experimental types that need a good share of logic to add the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we go out and play with it and see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically , they do the same thing .
so one of the most advanced you 've developed over the years is probably that a thing can be anywhere at the same time .
i mean , it can sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they weren 't born with that idea , they developed it .
i remember watching a kid play on a tv show .
he was just an infant and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i 'll bet that playing with the basketball team taught him a very valuable lesson because the great things don 't just let you pass and that they stay in one place .
and this is a great model of the world , as long as you 're not a professional .
it would be a terrible model for a comic book , because you don 't play with the little weird things .
and when they play with their particles , they set up all sorts of strange things , like they fly right through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
and that 's how they all wrote down these observations , and they called it the theory of the brain .
that was the stand of physics a few years ago , it took you a long time to describe the tiny pieces .
but they didn 't have to describe the great everyday objects around us .
my intuition didn 't like that , and maybe it 's just because i don 't play with particles that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , no one 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are composed of particles and all these particles follow the rules of the earth , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of the earth ?
i don 't see why that shouldn 't be .
so i 'd feel a lot better about the whole thing if we could just show some way that some of us might follow the rules of the game .
so a few years ago , i was doing exactly that .
i created one .
this is the first object you can see that was in the middle of nowhere .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot in the middle .
that 's the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
it 's a picture of the object .
we 're looking right into the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal shaped like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i put this thing in a similar way to make a computer chip .
i went to a clean room with new equipment , and i spent 100 hours on all the great equipment .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool and the thing .
this thing has got the ability to be in the control room , but it needs a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of weird stuff , but then other people get in , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother them with it , or they go straight .
so , according to the fact that objects are the same .
it is not only humans , but the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps past them and the heat of the room .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was acting up , we had to throw out all the metal .
and then we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum and drained the whole air and blew it out until now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his move .
we discovered it was really moving .
instead , it 's just quiet there , you know , the way it went down was like this , like a ... like a ...
when we gave him a little nudge , we could make it vibrate at the same time and not vibrate , something only allowed in the kitchen .
so what i 'm telling you right now is something truly fantastic .
what does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , all the atoms from which the piece of metal lie still and at the same time , same atoms move up and down .
they 're only consistent with the same .
for the rest of the time , they 're all dead .
that means every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that 's really cool .
really .
that 's what it was worth to me for all this year in the clean room , because , uh , check it out , between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the difference between the metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine you 're in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body is in space ?
there 's another aspect of history .
when we took it out , the lights went out , and we saw the piece of metal was always in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are really just objects that are in a small room together .
you 're hearing a lot of talk about how it says everything 's connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more to it than that .
it 's so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that 's the most terrifying and strange of the world .
thank you .
in 2007 , i 've decided that we should consider economic development .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they 're given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are all in competition .
right now , we are far from this target .
there are billions of people in northern california who are not even a single city available to welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth so much more than it costs to build .
so we could very easily arm the world with a nuclear weapon , possibly even hundreds of new cities .
that may sound absurd to you now , unless you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just switch places from apartments against cities ?
imagine half the people who want to live in apartments would do that already , but the other half still wouldn 't .
you could try to expand the capacity of already affordable apartments .
but you know what you 'd get yourself into , in these apartments and their environment , rule the law to avoid complaints and distract the government .
so it turns out to be very difficult to comply with all of these things .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block , provided the laws there would support a building like this and not delay it .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for a city and have given them a name :
later , i found out that , like , at the same time , javier and i were thinking about the challenge of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras was suffering from a violent strain .
at the next election , pepe lobo won in a football field , whose program won both of them as well as he promised .
he demanded to become his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was preparing for a lecture at the academy .
by improvement , trying , and by the investigation of nuclear power , i 've tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first point is the importance of laws , laws that determine whether or not you should be disturbed by the law .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress , it requires technology and laws , and it 's usually laws that hold us back .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent the link to the drug trade .
he showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in a hotel in miami in december .
i 've tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i used this graphic to show how valuable it is in a place like new york .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , in a place when there was a break ,
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras who said that we had to accomplish this project that it was important , and that this is the way to bring our country forward .
i 've been asked to come to new york and lecture again on the fourth and fifth january .
so i gave another full lecture with facts involving a graphic like this , trying to make it clear that if you want to make a lot of money in a city , it has to be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
alone in this airport , there 's a space of 100 microns .
so i 've been trying to convince the founding families to build a new city , you have to start with an area of at least a thousand .
that 's more than 250 thousand acres .
they all applaud .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of congress came on stage and said , " professor siletsky , thank you very much for your lecture , but perhaps we could look at the main event .
i have it here on my laptop . "
so i sat down , and you played the game .
and i have come to the conclusion that a new city offers people new opportunities .
there would be a chance to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city includes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on january 19th , you voted for congress for a change of constitution to have a more formal settlement that is admissible for special management .
in a country that 's just had a violent crisis , congress has been elected to a voice with 124 .
all parties , all factions of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it must be approved by congress twice .
on february 17th , the second time was approved by 114 to a voice .
just after that election , between the 21st and february 24th , a delegation traveled from about 30 centons to the two places in the world most interested in getting into the business of the world .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new city center built in south korea bigger than the city center .
all you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in the food business is singapore .
they 've already built two cities in china and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically thinking about it , that 's where we stand today .
you 've already got a family problem , and you 're already considering this area for the second city .
it 's already been working on a legal system that allows us to participate , and it 's also working on an outside legal system .
a country has already offered to provide its supreme court as a court of law for the ruling system .
i 'm also very interested .
they even bring funding .
one thing you already know has been resolved , there are many tenants .
there are a lot of companies who would like to go to america , especially in a place with a power plant , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who say they want to live in another place permanently .
a million people leave latin america every year and go to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to work , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn enough money to eat and dress .
unfortunately , sometimes even children try to find their parents , who they haven 't seen in a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even to build some of these cities or spread hundreds all over the world ?
so what 's the idea of insisting that every family has a choice between cities that are competitive ?
that 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i recently did a survey of over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions that make a typical american on a day is 70 .
in addition , a recent study was made with a drug trial that you spent a week watching the drug trials .
and these scientists have just documented the various issues with which this ceo is busy and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo is working on a job that week .
each of these topics , of course , was made of many , many smaller choices .
50 % of your decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
for about 12 percent of your decisions , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of those in one hour ?
how good do you think you 're about to make the decisions ?
today , i would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern times , the most powerful .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise , because i 'm blind , only the hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i 'm asking you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the news report ?
thank you .
when i was a senior at stanford university , i went to this very exclusive grocery store , at least he was really exclusive back then .
it was a store called " the " s " .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at a time , i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil aisle .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model work for people to provide all these possibilities ? "
and he pointed out to tourists who came in every day and usually had their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your moving .
they had different kinds of jam .
we 've set up a small front door at the front of the business .
we put six different kinds of jam there or 24 different kinds of jam , and we looked at two things , first of all , which case would be more people and try jam ?
there are more people standing when it was 24 , about 60 % than when there were six , about 40 % .
and then we saw each other in which case people bought a glass of jam .
now we 've seen the most effective effect .
of the people who stopped when they were 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of jam .
of the people who stood up when they were six , well , now we saw that 30 % of them actually bought a glass of jam .
well , when you figure it out , people bought a glass of jam six times more like they had six choices than when they had 24 choices .
well , choosing not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waist , but it turns out that we 're also affected by very lucrative decisions .
we don 't decide to decide , even if it 's against our own best interests .
so , on the subject of the day , financial saves .
i 'm now going to describe a study that i 've been working on with , in which i 've conducted a study of the united states of america , in which we 've been looking at the decisions for the pension of almost a million americans in the 650 states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of the dna samples that were possible to a nuclear device that would affect the odds of saving more for tomorrow .
and we found out there was actually a connection .
so in these plans , we had , like , two or 59 plans that made people think of something between two or 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , in fact , that , in fact , the participation was lower .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that put two funds together , you still haven 't had a backup plan as high as we want .
in the plans that almost 60 funds were placed , the financial industry now fell on roughly the amount of money .
now it turns out even if you 're willing to participate , if there were more options , even then , it has negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate , rather than the more opportunity they had at their disposal , the more they avoided choosing stocks and funds .
the more opportunity you had at your disposal , the sooner you put all your money in pure denial .
none of these extreme decisions belong to the decisions that one of people would recommend if we value their future financial well-being .
well , in the last ten years , we 've watched three significant negative consequences , which brings the offering of more and more violent .
you blame the decision on -- even if it goes against your own best interest .
they make rather worse decisions , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
they choose things they make less happy for themselves , even if they make it better .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge shelves full of mustard , vinegar , and jam , but we can 't really compare and then actually pick something out of the fantastic offer .
so , what i would like to suggest today is four simple techniques we 've tested in different ways and different techniques that you can just use in your business .
first , limit .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today .
people are always worried when i say " limit . "
you 're always worried that you 'll lose weight .
as proctor and the various heads and different kinds of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold their 10 to the worst , they experienced that the profits at 87 percent of the profits were a result of both , the sales and the cost .
you know , the average market value today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers you 100,000 products today .
but the most expensive supermarket in the world today is the most expensive supermarket in the world , and they 're only offering you 1,400 products a kind of container .
every single harvard employee now automatically takes part in a federal case .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all very important . "
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how the possibilities differ from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your customers . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read it and then i 'm gonna ask you to clap when you 're ready to take gary 's offer .
okay , anyone who 's willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all ?
well , let me show you some more of this .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is that she was looking objectively , the first time she had more information than the second time , but i would dare say that she felt more real the second time .
because the pictures made it feel more real to them .
which brings me to the second technique that will help you deal with the problem of the brain cells , it 's the power source .
it 's about people who need to understand the difference between possibilities , understand the consequences of the individual possibilities , and those consequences must be vivid and specific .
why do people usually spend 15 to 30 % more if they use a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel real money .
and it turns out that if you can make it concrete that something feels , it 's a very good tool to make people save more .
and during this meeting , we kept this meeting exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
the third technique :
we can do better with more categories than we can handle more .
here 's , for example , a study that we did in a drug trial .
it turns out it 's in the top and bottom of the grid , changing the number between different kinds of magazines to high magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
there are two different kinds of people here .
one is " jazz " and the other is " swing . "
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad on the right is jazz , clap your hands .
okay , there 's a couple .
if you think she 's on the left side of jazz and the swing on the right side , please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly irregular .
the categories have to say something , not the selection .
and you see this problem often when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique , requirement for complexity .
turns out we can actually handle more information than we think we just need to simplify .
we must slowly increase the complexity .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's make a very , very complicated decision , buy a car .
here is a german military agent who offers you the opportunity to complete your own car .
you have to make 62 different choices to design your car completely .
now these decisions are different from the number of choices you offer per decision .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , transmission four possibilities .
what i do now is change the order in which the decisions appear .
half the customers go from all the possibilities , 56 points to the limited possibilities , four gears .
the other half of the customers go from the low possibilities , four gears , to the 56 , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep using the power to make the decision , it means you 're getting overwhelmed , i lose you .
what they find out is that the people who go from the many to the low , always go back to the vote .
we 're losing her .
if you go from the little ones to the many , stay with them .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the simple one , i learn how to dance .
even though the gearbox is picking , not telling me about my preferences at the time of day , it still makes me choose .
it also puts me in a lot of excitement about the great product that i 'm running , and so i 'm willing to be motivated with interest .
let me summarize .
i have told you of four techniques that will limit the problem of the passengers , the necessary alternatives , make it real , we can better deal with more possibilities , less complex .
any of those techniques i describe to you today is thought to help you manage the possibilities of -- good for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service .
because i think that the key to the obvious selection is that you 're picky .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of decision .
thank you .
hi .
that 's right .
today , we want to talk about how videos are made and then , which is why it 's important .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , singers - when i was young , it seemed so difficult .
but we have allowed all or all of our creative activities to become incredibly famous in a part of the culture of our world .
any one of you could be famous over the internet by next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video per minute .
it will only be a tiny percentage ever again , and it will be looked at thousands of times and so at the cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things :
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
come on !
last year , bear vasquez sent this video he filmed in front of his house in the national park .
2010 , it had been looked at 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a fake video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow ,
because that 's what you do when you 're called the mountain bear .
he had uploaded a lot of data .
and this video was actually sent in january .
what happened here ?
here comes jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that finally made the video so popular .
because like jimmy kimmel , new and interesting things introduce us to a great audience .
rebecca " friday " is one of the biggest videos of the year .
it was almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like double rainbow , it seems to have come out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's right .
if you want to know , these other pointy ones are also the same .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , there 's a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was a first to make a joke on twitter .
the important thing is that a group of engineers or group of engineers took a point with a large audience and accelerated the process .
and then this community formed by people who shared this great deal and started talking about it and playing it .
now there 's 10,000 copies of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody for every single day .
unlike the most bizarre conversation of the 20th century , the community 's participation is our way of becoming part of this , either by spreading it or making it a new one .
" cat " is an animation and music in the history of music .
it 's simple .
this year it was almost 50 million times .
and if you think this is crazy , you should know that there 's a $ 4 million look at .
even cats watch this video .
cats look at cats watching this video .
what matters is , the creativity that rules in the world 's most complex and economic crisis .
there 's been a change of plans .
someone did an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
there was a whole metal gun shot from the floor that made it from a stupid joke that we could all participate in .
today we don 't just find pleasure in something , we do .
who could have predicted all this ?
who could 've predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black or " cat " ?
what kind of scripts could you write in ?
in a world where every minute is uploaded two days of footage , only really unique and unexpected video footage can be uploaded .
i admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to watch this great video about a guy protesting parking tickets in new york .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't drive on the train , but there are times when they don 't let you drive properly on the bus .
since that was completely surprising and funny , casey 's funny idea was looking at his argument five million times .
this approach applies to everything we do creative .
and all that leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
- what ?
what does that mean ?
the features of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to and in which the audience has popularity .
like i said , one of the currently greatest stars justin bieber did his start on youtube .
no one has to give your ideas green .
and today , we all feel as owners of our family .
and they 're not the features of the old media , and they don 't hit the media from today , but they 're gonna determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story 's not over yet .
she 's a puzzle that 's still being put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the security guys .
imagine the first piece : a man burning his life 's work .
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life has been held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
keep him in front of the communists in saigon as he must admit his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , now his .
he withdrew into silence .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that the story tried to crush us , but we made it through .
the next train will show how a boat runs quietly at sea in the early spring .
my mother may was 18 when her father died ... already in a marriage with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a task : to escape her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a fishing trip and a fishing boat fell silent on the lake , disguised as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
they were afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little baby shower .
if i had been captured , my sister and i would have drunk them and my grandmother .
my first memories are from this boat - - the sound of the engine clapping a wave on the bow , the wide and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates who came many times , but let the men on our boat fool or the engine failure that didn 't want to launch six hours .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next act of war is about four women in three generations to build a new life together .
we settled down in the middle of nowhere , one of the working class , the suburbs , whose population is made of animal agriculture .
unlike those who existed , whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no such thing as an animal .
the smells from the air came from the rest of the world .
and the pieces of broken bones were exchanged between people who had one thing in common :
my mother worked on farms , then on a line in a factory , six days , double shifts .
somehow she managed to find the time to speak english and english .
we were poor .
every dollar was assigned and was put in more training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give up , most of the new things that came from second hand .
two pairs of stockings for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
and there were the rare but painful bits of " chink " and here and there , " asians , go home . "
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i 'm going to avoid you . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother suffered nightmares from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
she opened up a business deal , then she went into a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who didn 't make the change , angry , and angry children trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been built .
i used to live in east berlin .
in one , i was the classic asian student , who had the highest requirements for himself .
in the other , i was involved in an uncertain life , the tragic scars of violence , and the isolation .
but so many got help over the years .
and because of that help , in my last year , i was chosen as a boy of the year .
and i was shot to the next one by a silver spoon , and the edges didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous military intelligence , was now tan le fugitive , and social worker , who was invited to places she 'd never heard of , and in their existence , she could never have imagined .
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i wouldn 't make it .
she reminded me that i was as old as you when we climbed the boat .
no .
" just do it , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i talked about education and education , and the neglect of women 's children .
and the more i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met a lot of people at all times , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders of the possible .
and even though i graduated , i realized i couldn 't settle for a career in law .
there had to be something else .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , an outsider , new in the picture , and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from the boot .
because it can lead so easily to the collapse of the environment , it can be so easy to accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now gone out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as you fear .
possibilities that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an uncontrollable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the healing .
so i followed my gut .
i was gathering a small team of people around me for which the drawer is not " an irresistible challenge .
we haven 't had a cent in a year .
at the end of every day , i cooked a giant pot of soup we shared .
we worked late at night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the u.s.
after a trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved and the adventure continued .
i 'd like to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time in which , in which , in which , the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without the support of her husband , she made a sensation by bringing him to court and being a bigger sensation than she won .
" can 't " proved false .
i was just in a hotel room in sydney when she died , 1,000 miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the window and saw her on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a sacred temple in northern italy and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
" they didn 't let go . "
if there 's a band in our family , it goes through women .
if you can see who we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have gotten in our lives would have crossed us .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i 'd like my own children , and i 'm still thinking about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i 'm afraid of privileges , of ease , of lack .
can i give you a bug in your life , who defies the courage of every wave , the most powerful , most powerful of the motors , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this , and i could get her through safely , i would .
besides , the fourth or fifth row mother is here today .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't take with your camera .
still , my interest in photography started when i first got my first photo , at the age of 15 .
i used my earlier penchant for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera , the process was rather in the planning .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
to me , it seemed more like the photography was about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much more crowded street .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - dark and dark at the same time , but all with the common goal of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really catch , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos where you need to think for a moment to figure out the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
what 's the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
in the end , it 's about how we interpret the world , and how it can be made on a subatomic level .
it 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see you as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly formed physical objects with which we can all identify ourselves in a more powerful world .
but in a certain way , they can create something that still looks more powerful than it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we can outsmart our brains because our brain just doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process in adding photos .
it 's really all about connecting different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , things around us in our daily lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just kind of look wrong .
so i 'd say that there are three simple rules to follow , to achieve a significant result .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
but you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that photos should have the same perspective .
second of all , the photos should be the same .
and these two images will meet these two requirements - fired from the same height and the same amount .
third , it 's about making it impossible to distinguish where all the images begin and end by connecting them .
makes it impossible to tell how the picture was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that this is just a drug problem , and the bottom part was manipulated .
this picture is , in fact , completely composed of photos of different places .
i personally believe it 's easier to create a place than find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew i needed several months to plan it , find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been recorded on a fishing boat .
the shore is from another place .
it 's from a quarry .
and yes , i even painted the house up on the island red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a proven result , i see it coming from me .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
then it 's about the combination of different images .
and here 's every piece very well planned .
and when you make good shots , the result can be pretty nice , and pretty realistic .
so there are all the tools , and the only thing that we have left is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced to the police force was to hire a police officer .
and she 's not going to be very scientific - she puts a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the most basic reasons why all - - maybe just most of the electronic devices because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite .
she 's got a button .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a job as you might recognize .
i put my job at 95 pounds .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that 's where they 're also being pulled by my security guard so that he can see where i 'm lying , not only in the moment i need backup or anything , but with a look in the past .
there 's something else .
maybe you know that , i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , i jump on my stomach , and people talk to me before i sit in the car , " i 'd rather have a little salad for lunch , lucien . "
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the key to helping patients because it could be used against obesity , or it could smoke patients .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and make them play some kind of game to control their health better .
next week , it comes to the market .
there 's gonna be this little family thing that you connect to an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home to send it to their doctor and share it with others for a little more than 100 .
do methods that are easy to use and start hugging patients on the team .
and you can do that by such methods , but also by the way .
and one of the things we did , i want to share with you through a short video .
we 've got all our cars .
maybe even our phones .
we know exactly where all the atm machines are all around .
we still know where all the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find a way out .
but where would the next patient be to help ?
we 've got security cameras , and no one knew .
no one knew where to find the next one of these days .
so what did we do ?
we 've set up a search party , and we 've been asking a question , " if you see an opening , please share with us where he is , when he 's up , " because sometimes he 's closed during the night shift , of course .
and there have been reports of over 10,000 nuclear warheads .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we 've created an energy source .
we 've developed an app for computer technology , advanced reality , to find this energy source .
and in case you 're in a town like this and someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can find the next one that can save lives .
and from now on , we don 't just want to do this as a business as the product calls itself , but we also want to introduce it as a business proposition .
and we 'd like to take this to a global level .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us act like a bunch of college boys , to make up for the whole world .
and if you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of them .
the other thing we 'd like to ask is that companies all over the world are helping us with the confirmation of this company .
these could be brain waves , or technicians , for example , just to make sure that the most powerful brain surgeon is still at his place .
please help us with this and try not only to improve our health , but to take control .
thank you .
today , i will report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the art department .
and my little puppet master wants us to force ourselves to the war by ...
... to pay attention to the king .
here 's a short video of what we do .
oh .
it might take a while to get it loaded .
well , we can just skip this - - i 'll just skip the video instead ...
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
it 's ...
oh , my time is already over ?
thank you .
the program is " code for america , " and it 's a little bit like the book code for government .
we pick out a couple of phone calls every year , and we let them work with the rest of us .
instead of sending them to the third world , we 'll send them to the village .
and that 's where they developed great apps , worked with city employees .
but what you really do is show what 's possible with technology today .
so meet al .
al 's a local in boston .
how did he get to look for help in this special way ?
we had a team last year at boston on the run of code for america .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized the city never digs those fire hydrant .
but a certain kind of a man named erik kernan noticed something else , and that was that the residents were free to take the liberty of sharing them .
so he did what any good writer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree to shovel free when it snows .
if you do , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away .
so there 's a nice little family thing .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of 21 apps that have written in the last year .
but she 's doing something that no one else can do .
it 's spreading fast .
there 's this guy in the town of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not snow , but to adopt the citizens .
it 's very important that these batteries work , but people steal the batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check them out .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean up the most profitable software .
and chicago just introduced them , so people would be able to move the water pipes when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
you know , if you know anything about the , you know , it doesn 't usually work that way .
getting software usually takes a few years .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year for which three people needed two and a half months .
it was about a method with parents to find out which the right public schools are for their children .
we were told later that if it went through normal channels , it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over $ 2 million .
and that 's nothing .
there 's a project in california right now that the taxpayers have cost two billion dollars , and it 's not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's written in a few days , and then it spreads out of time is kind of a shot from the bow to the government 's institution .
she shows how the government could work better than a private company , how many people think she should .
and not even like an internet , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more importantly , this app is that it represents a new generation , which the government 's problem isn 't more than the problem of a mental institution , but as a problem of the collective .
and that 's a very good news , because it shows we 're very good in the collective trade with digital technology .
now there 's a big community of people who make the tools we need to make things effective together .
it 's not just " code for america , " there are hundreds of people all over the country who get up and write letters in their own communities every day .
you didn 't abandon the government .
you 're terribly frustrated with her , but you don 't complain about fixing her .
and these people know something we 've lost sight of .
a lot of people gave up the government today .
and if you are one of those people , i ask you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government will eventually regain its power from us , remember , " we the people " ?
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought it was mostly government business .
now , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that most of all , in order to go on a limb .
this is the secret service and information .
that 's where you usually come out when you call your town .
so scott 's getting this special assignment .
he 's typing " the bomb squad " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the line .
boston doesn 't only have one .
it 's got an app , an app , and it 's called a " super cool . "
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the office of the new urban police department in boston .
one day , this is a detailed report - this came in - - " in my trash can .
how do i get them removed ? "
but what happened to " the most beautiful " is different .
scott spoke human .
but it 's all public , so everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
alive ?
went home .
good night , sweet cheeks . "
pretty simple .
this is great .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is going to get into the federal building .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i 'm not necessarily referring to a technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking more about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she tied these two people .
and you could have linked them to state services if they needed it , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
when a neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the police , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we have to remember that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think it 's one of the other 's input .
that our contribution to the system is the choice .
that 's because the government is like a further ocean , and politics are the supreme court .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that this thing we possess , and for which we pay , that makes us do something that works against us , something else , and then we 're gonna make ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the real estate is going .
we need to get into the government 's machinery .
so the school nurse did .
have you seen these guys ?
it 's a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed report that is an answer to the question on the board of directors .
that 's not politically active , it 's highly active .
well , for those of us who gave up the government , it 's time we thought about the world we want to leave our children .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really think we can achieve what we must accomplish without improving the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it must be more efficient .
the good news is that technology can make it possible , the function of the government is fundamentally significant in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthen society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the internet that knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
well , the main point is 28 , so i 'm , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up to see your voice as a natural .
they don 't fight this fight we all fight , so who can speak , they may all speak .
you can express your opinion on every channel at all times , and you do .
so if you 're confronted with the government 's problem , don 't worry about using your votes .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write letters that improve the government 's work .
and these apps will let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be turning a fire hydrant , weeds , a garbage can with a plastic bag .
and sure , if we could have run those fire hydrant all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve our citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm gonna start by showing you a single , boring plastic .
could you show me the foil , please ?
this is a foil that i accidentally picked from my folder .
this isn 't about the details of the foil , it 's about the most sophisticated form .
this foil shows data of an analysis of us compared to the performance of a highly sophisticated area .
the interesting thing here is that this foil , like some of the others we often meet in our field , is a kind of straight turn .
in other words , every step here is consistent with a potency in the brain .
and this is a standard procedure that we need to use this guy 's scale on the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is essentially what i 'm about to talk about .
so , if you could turn on the light , please .
a little brighter because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why are we drawing a film in the technique on the curves ?
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i 'm going to record another technology , let 's say one of the most sophisticated , then that would be very unreasonable on the scale , in the form of a flat line .
but if something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so , if we could get in a cab as fast as the city hall , we could be in tokyo the day after tomorrow .
but it 's not that fast .
there 's never been this before in the history of animal agriculture , this kind of growing , which is increasing exponentially every few years .
the question i want to ask you now is , when you look at these curved curves , you see , they don 't go on forever .
it 's not possible that everything has evolved as quickly as it is now .
there are two possibilities :
either it 's gonna be a classic family tradition like this until something completely new , or it 's gonna happen here .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if it really is , it means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask and i ask myself often is how this new world will be ?
what is this new condition that the world slowly accepts ?
because the transition seems very confusing when you 're in the middle .
when i was a kid , the future was somewhere in 2000 , and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people talk about the future and you realize the future is still in 2000 .
that 's all we can do .
in other words , the future has shrunk every year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason we realize there 's something going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now , it just doesn 't make sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything 's gonna be so different that a simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , which we 're not making any sense .
i want to talk about what this could be , this transition we 're currently in .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think to really understand this , we need to step back and look at this thing on a longer scale .
and i would like to look at this on earth 's most beautiful days .
i think the big picture makes sense when you divide it into some of the pieces .
so let 's go back , and for two and a half billion years , the earth was a great , powerful chemical with many chemicals .
now , when you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they got it .
some of these chemicals contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
these little pieces of metal were in the spirit of the world .
however , in this day 's sense , they weren 't about alive because every single one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and every time it split , the chemicals in it have spread to excess amounts .
so each drop was a little different .
as a matter of fact , the drops that one for growth had more and more chemicals from the outside and split faster .
so , this kind of thing is to survive longer , and you 're in deep shit .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but it 's more interesting when this one learns a trick about animal agriculture .
in some way we don 't quite understand , these drops have learned the ability to download information .
you 've learned to save the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , you have found a way to allow you to know what you passed so that this information could be copied and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information to store over the time of two and a half billion years when it was created , it remained the same .
in fact , the recipe is for us , because our genes , from the exact same code and the same code .
every living creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we 're ready for us to write only to the code .
and i 've got a 100 % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % %
it 's in it - - what i did , i took this code - the code consists of regular letters that we use to symbolize , and i put my card on a piece of dna , and i doubled it 10 times .
so if anyone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i was really selfish , i would have written them on a virus and released them into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
the dna sample was an interesting step .
it made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , very interesting step where things were completely different , because these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that cells were created by cells .
i don 't know if you already knew , but bacteria can actually replace your dna .
that 's why , for example , the stability grows on antibiotics .
some bacteria found out how to stay away from penicillin and put that information together with other bacteria in the dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria resistant to penicillin because the bacteria are communicating amongst themselves .
these communications have now allowed the reasons for the reasons of war , which in a sense were in the same boat ; they were the most powerful .
that means that when a community was successful , all individuals in the community were repeated and favored by evolution .
now , the dna analysis is where these dna results are so close that they decided to write the recipe for the entire community into a dna sample .
and the next interesting phase lasted about another billion years .
at this time , we have the most powerful , most destructive force of many species , who are working together as one organism .
in fact , we are such a devoted community .
we have many cells that are no longer on our own .
you have no use for your brain waves , your brain waves , and so on .
so , these cell towers began to rise , so that the level that evolution took place on was no longer the single cell , but the entire solar system we call organism .
the next step has now happened within that radius .
it 's been a long time .
and they developed specific structures that did nothing but process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the nerve cells are the most powerful thing these brain cells have built .
they started training specialists within the community , special structures responsible for learning , understanding and keeping the information .
and this was the brain , and the nervous system of the brain .
this gave you an advantage .
because at this point , an individual learning has now happened within the time of the lifetime of a single organism , instead of that amount of time .
so for example , an organism could learn not to eat a certain fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now happen within the life of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years before that , because this information had to be learned from the individuals who died because of this fruit , because those were not yet present .
so the nervous system has the ability to use this particular brain function because evolution has now occurred within one individual .
it could take place within a time radius .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , we are aware of the history of this language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i 've got a very complicated , confusing and confused idea in my head .
i 'm sitting here , basically giving the sound of myself , hoping to create a similar confused idea in your head that has a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into notes , a sequence of sound , and produce something very complicated in other people 's heads .
so this allows us to function again as a sentient organism .
and what we have actually done , us , mankind , is we have begun to fight .
we 're going through the same steps , which have been going through - - - processing our methods as we hold data , present .
for example , the invention of language was a small step this way .
computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer systems , and so on , all of these are our most powerful mechanisms we 've built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects us all to something much bigger , and even capable of evolving faster than we have .
so these days , evolution can happen in the period of time .
you 've also seen a little bit of evolution in the " star wars " program , right in front of you .
so now we 've restored the sensor array .
the first steps of history , which i have told you , spent a billion years on a play .
the next step , like the nervous system and the brain , has been a few hundred million years .
then the steps , like language and so forth , less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to take a few decades .
the process feeds on itself and becomes , i believe , the word for it is , if something increases its value .
the more it changes , the sooner it changes .
and i think that 's what we 're looking at here in this winding curve .
we see the process that feeds itself .
i live professionally from building computers , and i know that i could use the mechanism i use to build computers , not use without the recent developments in the computer .
my current occupation is to create objects with such a high complexity that it is impossible for me to make these in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single member of the board does .
it has billions of them .
and she does it partly with methods that we don 't even understand .
a method which is particularly interesting , and which i 've used a lot lately is evolution itself .
and we 'll install a power surge in the machine that runs in the main reactor .
to call an example , in the most recent cases , we can create a program designed by random instructions .
we say , " computer , request a hundred million randomly selected sequences of instructions .
now , please take out all these necessary instructions , execute all programs , and ultimately choose those closest to me . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort out numbers , that would be a simple example i 've already used for it .
so find programs that can most likely sort numbers .
of course , the chance at random instructions is very small that by chance , you 'll be sorting numbers , so none of the instructions will actually do that .
but one of them likes two numbers in the right order with a little luck .
now i say , " computer , take the 10 % of the sequences that came the closest to my agenda .
remove these , erase the rest .
now , i want you all to know that the numbers are best arranged .
" ... with a method of breeding , to reproduce . "
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their cell phones , and the children are the traits of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by combinations of programs that have come closer to the guidelines than others .
say , " please repeat this trial . "
put it back .
maybe perform some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations , only a few need
and so i can run an evolution over millions of years in the computer in less minutes , or in a few hours .
eventually , i get programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand you .
it 's a bunch of weird programs .
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm sure you 're doing the job because you 're coming out of a series of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i once sat down in a 747 with marvin , he put a card in it and says , " oh , look at that .
it says , " this plane is made of solid steel , working together to make its flight safer . " doesn 't that make you more comfortable ? "
we know it 's not ideal if it gets too complicated .
so we begin to rely on computers for a process that separates from the classic brain .
he allows us to produce things with a much greater complexity than normal methods .
and yet we still don 't quite understand the possibilities .
so , the technology is the same .
we now use these programs to make the computers a lot faster , so we 're capable of running these trials even faster .
so , there 's an opening .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies from today feed themselves .
we 're lifting .
we are at one point , the time has come to the time of the year , as a matter of fact , as a matter of fact , we have evolved to be the best .
so we 're the founding families , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
we 're in the middle of this .
but i really think there 's something coming after us .
i find it very arrogant of us to say that we are the greatest of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is imminent , and i think i 'm gonna stop here before i get even .
my story begins right here in west berlin about two years ago .
i was among the stars in the desert , along with ali .
we discussed that nothing has changed since the age of the ancient indian war .
if we wanted to travel indians back then , we would jump into a car and cross the sky .
now we do it with planes .
back when the great indian was thirsty , he took a bow , shot in the ground and water .
now we 're gonna do it with the machines and the machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that really made me sad .
i got a little scared of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without camera and tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50 years old technology became the most powerful thing for me .
she became a golden access to a world full of pirates and ships and images of my imagination .
i felt like our fancy watches and cameras stopped dreaming .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went to the world of technology to see how i could use them to make magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 , i started reading books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that could connect the reader to the world .
it can know how to hold it .
it can know where we are .
it brings pictures and lines together , and animation , sounds and touch .
it takes more and more sense .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to , like , an ipad app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and it says , " this box belongs ... " i write my name .
and i become a character in the book .
once in a while , a letter falls down for me , and the ipad knows by gps where i live , it 's right on me .
the child in me is really excited about such possibilities .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i mean not magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i used to find fireflies in a glass .
that 's how you gotta flip the ipad and let the fireflies out .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea fascinated by me as a child , that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a single marble .
and that 's why every book and every world becomes a little marble that i draw here to the magic device in the device .
and this opens a map .
i 've always had cards , but these cards were a bunch of cards .
this map grows and glows and serves in the rest of the book .
she also shows herself in other places of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important for me to do something that indian is also very powerful .
these are the rules .
we 've all heard of fairies and fairies , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , who operate in the country ?
the poor souls were trapped in the chambers for thousands of years , in an ancient book .
and we bring them back , in a history of children .
it 's a story that deals with new affairs , just like the old man .
on the subject , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , their computers , without going out .
but now , with advanced technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in a interaction of the book , you 're being sent to a search , you have to go out and pick up natural objects with the camera .
when i was a kid , i used to have bricks , rocks , and shells .
somehow the kids don 't .
you have to go out in a chapter to take a picture of a flower and mark it .
in another chapter , you have to paint and mark a piece .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a fox and says , " oh , i saw a fox today . "
a kid in india says , " i saw a monkey today . "
it creates some kind of social network around a digital collection of photos you actually recorded .
there are a variety of ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we 're planning a interaction with which you use the video of the building , and through the reality , we see an animation of elves on a plant outside the house .
in one place , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the noise , blow them off and read the rest of the book .
we all move to a world where the technology 's most advanced technology can come closer and approach in magic and technology .
we use the sun 's energy .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , prisons or prisons .
i spend most of my time with the socially weakest in the vaults and places where there 's much hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating it is gave me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things around here that have influence over the world .
and sometimes when something comes up about ted , it gets meaning and power it doesn 't .
i 'm saying this because i think identity is very important .
we 've seen some fantastic tv shows .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are special .
as a doctor , you can do good .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned it from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional household that was dominated by an oil company , and that was my grandmother .
she was a strong , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the last word in every book .
she was also the beginning of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a police officer .
her parents were born in virginia , a slave .
she was born to be a slave , and the experience of slavery made her world very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
when i met her as a little boy , she came to me and hugged me .
she pushed me so hard i could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came up to me and said :
and when i said " no , " she hugged me again .
there was something about her that always wanted to be around her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were running around .
i remember , i must have been eight or nine , that one morning i woke up and went into the living room .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first i thought it was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
that was about 15 or 20 minutes , then she stood up and came over to me , and she took me by the hand and said , " come on , bryan .
i remember when it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget .
she took me outside and said , " i 'll tell you something , but you have to promise that you won 't . "
i said , " i promise , grandma .
she said , " promise of honor " ?
she sat me down and looked at me , and she said , " i want you to know that i 've been watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget .
then she said , " you just have to promise me three things , bryan . "
i said , " okay , grandma .
she said , first promise me you 'll always love your mama .
she said your mama is my baby , and you have to promise that you will always take care of her .
i loved my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
then she said , next promise me you 'll always do the right thing , even though it 's hard to do the right thing .
i was thinking , " yes , grandma . " i promise .
after all , she said , the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , i was nine years old , and so i said , " yes , grandma . " i promise .
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and took this six-pack of beer with my sister and me and went to the woods with us .
we just wander around like usual .
then he took a sip of beer and offered my sister one , and she took it , and then they offered me one .
i said , " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . "
my brother said , " come on , come on , let 's do this . "
i had something .
i said i don 't want to .
my brother stared at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you 're not still going crazy about the conversation with grandma ? "
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said grandma told all the grandkids they were special .
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't .
this may be public .
i 'm 52 years old , and i confess i 've never had a drop of alcohol .
i 'm not saying this because i think it 's virtuous .
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe .
we can get them to do things they thought couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren they 're special .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncle died of incurable diseases .
and she believed that these were the issues we needed to take care of .
i 've been trying to say something about our business .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in prison .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states today has the highest level of the world .
seven million people are out on parole , or on parole .
in my opinion , our world has fundamentally changed .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness , due to these changes .
one of three male blacks between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , on parole , or on parole .
city communities all over the country - from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington - are either 50 to 60 % of black men in custody , prison , parole , or federal .
our system will not only be shaped by questions that have to do with the brain tissue , it will also be disfigured by poverty .
in this country , we have a special treatment that will treat you much better when you 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
fortune , not debt , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite content .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some developments .
my esteemed alabama will permanently remove your vote if you are convicted .
here and today in alabama , 34 % of the male black population have permanently lost their vote .
we realize that in ten years , the ratings of the civil rights movement will be as high as before the departure .
silence is inevitable .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns children to death in prison .
in this country , for children , there are life forms for life and life .
we already have a lot of procedures .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in west germany .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because we were taught that the real question is , does a man deserve to die for one of his most heinous crimes ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can think differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other point of view is , did someone deserve to die for a crime , but did we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
on nine people we executed , one we found innocent , released from death row .
one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly with a plane if for nine planes to take off , one falls .
but somehow we can get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race and question whether we have the right to kill .
i 'm talking about slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time for reconstruction to the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-american in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to be afraid of animal agriculture ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that formed your life .
they say no - - tell people we grew up with it .
and , of course , after terrorism , the segregation and decades of the racist submission and repression .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our story .
and that 's why we don 't really understand what our actions have in historical context .
we keep pushing each other .
we always create new tension and conflicts .
it 's hard to talk about race , and i think it 's because we 're not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa people understood that the segregation is not to overcome without the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in west germany , there was this call , but not in this country .
i did some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists stood up after my lecture and said :
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course , there can never be in germany .
then a woman said , with our history , it 's impossible that we ever speak for the killing of people again .
it would be highly irregular of us , knowingly executed people .
i was thinking about it .
how it would feel to live in a world where the german state executed people , especially if there were a lot of jews .
it would be unbearable .
it would be a waste of time .
and yet there is this mental state .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but in the end , these realities will be suppressed by suffering , abuse , abuse , abuse , abuse .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we ultimately talk about needing more hope , more commitment , more dedication , more dedication to pass in a complex world .
to me , it means time to think and talk about the poor , the poor , the ones who will never be with ted .
but think in a way that is integrated into our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development don 't just come out of our heads .
they come from ideas driven by conviction in our hearts .
it 's this thing that i think is driving us , not just to be open for all the bright and fuzzy things , but for the dark and the dark .
the great czech politician once said :
when we fought in eastern europe against oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual orientation , sometimes , to be in desperate places and witness .
this spiritual orientation is the core of what i believe is also the need to hire .
there is no such thing as technology and design that allows us to be human , even as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty and injustice .
i want to warn you , this kind of identity requires a lot more of us than if we didn 't take care of it .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women met and just talked .
every once in a while , a woman called me and said :
do you want to listen ?
and i said yes , i 'd love to .
what are you gonna do when you get here ?
i said i 'd listen .
and i went over and just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me , she said to me :
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , let 's try to fight injustice .
we want to help people who were convicted .
we want to fight bias and discrimination in the war .
we want to abolish life life without a child 's worth .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we 're trying to get rid of it .
i was giving my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and said ,
she said it would make her very , very tired .
then mrs. carr leaned in front of me , put a finger on my face and said :
and that 's why i think that i should be brave .
we must face ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on all of our humanity .
in my work , i learned simple things .
i 've learned some very simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
i think that goes for everyone on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even if you kill someone , it 's not just a murderer .
and because it is , there is a basic human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
eventually , a society is not measured by how they treat their rich and powerful and privileged but how they deal with the poor , the condemned , the detainees .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas ahead our thinking , in very important ways .
i represent these children who have been sentenced too harshly .
i 'm going to the hospital to visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , and he should be in court as an adult .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he 's not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too long and thought , my goodness , if a judge could turn us into something else , he must have magic .
right , bryan , the judge has magic .
you should want some too .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think right anymore , i started working on a proposal .
i had a 12-year-old , poor black boy as a client .
and i started this proposal , and the headline was that my poor , devoted black client was to treat like a privileged , white , most trusted member .
in my motion , i explained that the prosecution and the police and the police were considered to be responsible .
there was a crazy line about that there was nothing in this country that there was nothing more right about it .
the next morning i woke up and i didn 't know if i only dreamed this crazy proposal or actually wrote it .
and to my horror , i had not only written it , but sent it to court .
a few months passed , and i just forgot everything .
after all , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and present this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
after all , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i took the stairs to court there was an older , black man , the janitor in court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , who are you ?
i said , " i 'm a lawyer .
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said i was so proud of you .
and i must say , there was strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , mr. stevenson , did you ask this crazy request ?
i said yes .
more people came in just because they were angry
that i had written these crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy prosecutors and police officers .
in a flash , the courtroom was full of people who were angry that we were talking about color , about poverty , inequality .
from my corner of my eye , i looked up at the janitor and walked away .
he kept looking through the window and he could hear the whole thing .
he went up and down .
after all , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very concerned fellow , and sat right behind me , almost to the front .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during recess , a police officer came in who bothered to see the janitor in the courtroom .
that deputy ran over to the older black .
he said , jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ?
i 've come to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far away , but that it is justice .
that as humans we are not fully developed , as long as we don 't care about human rights and human rights .
that our survival is connected to the survival of each one .
that we have to combine our visions of technology and entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i want to tell those of you who see it as well , just say , don 't lose sight of the target .
you have seen this audience , this community , an obvious wish , and heard of helping them and doing something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson :
if you 're living in california , there 's this spring , where it 's about actually doing an effort to reroute something from the computer system that usually flows into politics .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars for the death penalty is a billion dollars .
and yet 46 % of all time , not with an arrest .
56 % of all men are not in court .
here 's a chance to do something .
this money will suggest investing in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
during the last three decades , the crime rate has been reduced to enormous america .
this fact is often associated with increased brain functions .
what would you tell someone who believes that ?
well , actually , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
the majority of the crime scenes in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crime .
it was the greatest crusade against drugs .
that 's why the dramatic numbers come from the top .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have the most brilliant , most powerful , most powerful , the people behind bars for ever , for the theft , for good , instead of forcing them to return the things .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think our current security system is helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really did bring up a dance lesson here .
you 're an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
i 'm bin laden 's death brings with a more serious case .
announcer 2 : famine in somalia .
_
spokesman 6 :
announcer 8 :
different spokesman :
recession .
crisis .
oh , my god .
so these are just some of the clips i 've collected over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is , the media prefer to show us negative topics because our mind is paying attention to these issues .
and there 's also a very good reason .
every second of every day our senses catch much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because we 're nothing more important than our survival , the first stop for all of this information is part of our home project , the home world .
so , this is our home address , our favorite .
it 's sorted and combing through all the information on the search for any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we see the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying " if it bleeds , the demand " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices that give us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , all these negative news , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
but maybe this isn 't the case .
maybe it 's reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we 've made through a series of forces in the last century is accelerating so strongly that in the next three decades , it will be possible to create a world of power .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems - - we 've already got it .
and as humans , we are much better at predicting problems in a very long way , but eventually we can overcome them .
let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last century so we can predict the development .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled more than the inflation of the world 's population has tripled .
it 's about a tenth .
it 's also that the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ...
steve marcato has shown us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of peace .
and according to charles kenny , the oil industry has risen from 25 % to 80 % over the last 130 years .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we 've established poverty .
consider that a large percentage of the americans who live under the influence , access to electricity , water , toilets , tv , tv , tv and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the earth 's most powerful , could never have dreamed of such things .
the basis of a lot of it forms technology , and these grow crops .
my good friend ray kaspo has shown us that every law that becomes a federal agent is going to make a big leap on the bend of the law and every 12 to 24 months .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the ' 70s .
now look at this curve .
that 's the law of the last hundred years .
note two things on this curve .
first of all , how smooth it goes - in good times , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
besides , despite your lack of weight on the left side , it goes up .
so , the brain wave itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of the law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of the supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i went through the papers once looking for the best headlines i could find .
i love this : " watson defies human opponents . "
" risk " is not a simple game .
it 's about understanding the language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of a car .
four years ago , ray kaspo and i started a new university here at ted 's .
we teach our students all these technologies with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , companies , products and services that can positively transform people 's lives .
think about how a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can refer to dozens of companies that have done exactly this .
when i think about creating abundance , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet ; it 's about making a life of possibilities .
it 's about making money out of small goods .
scarcity is essential , and technology is a resource that is essential .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers were sent to war , napoleon himself was given a war .
the king of siam , however , has been given a gift .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at that time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is why the dome was made of aluminum .
even though aluminum takes 1 % of the metal , it doesn 't seem pure metal .
it 's connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then the technology of the earth alliance was developed and made it so cheap that we use it with our nuclear technology .
then let 's project this analogy into the future .
today we 're thinking about a lot .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 cc 's of energy , every 88 minutes on the surface of the earth .
it 's not about scarcity , the problem is irreversible .
and there 's good news .
in this year , the first time you 've managed to reduce the cost of $ 50 per cent in india to 50 per cent of the price of the price is to 17 rupees .
the cost for the last year was 50 % .
last month , this has been published with a study that shows that up to the end of this month , in the sunny areas of the united states , 6 cents per cent will be paid at 15 cents per national .
and if we have a water supply , we 'll have plenty of water .
let 's talk about a little bit .
do you remember that time when carl started shooting back to earth in 1990 ?
he took a famous picture .
" a blue dot . "
because we live on a limb .
we live on a planet covered with water at 70 % .
yeah , it 's 5 % salt water , 2 % ice , and we 're fighting for a half percent of the water on the planet , but there 's hope here .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new security teams on the way .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean water a day from different sources - whether salt water , water , latrine , and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a major nuclear strike with a hundred units in central asia .
and if everything goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries all over the planet .
this is an advanced innovation that exists today .
and we also saw this on the street .
oh , my goodness , we 're about to reach the 70 % of the world 's population in the end of 2013 .
just remember , a cell phone with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better home address than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you 're looking for your smartphone on google , you have more access and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no one could have predicted .
and it 's even better , the things that you and i spent a thousand dollars on , gps and photo , library and music , are literally cheaper and cheaper in your phone .
and the best part is possibly what awaits us in health .
in the last month , i had the pleasure of announcing the amount of money called " $ 10 million tricorder x " .
we demand teams all over the world to connect all these technology to each other in a cell so that you can talk to the device , because it 's equipped with ai , you can test blood tests or blood tests .
and to win , the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of doctors .
imagine this device in the middle of an emergency room where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the population and 1.3 % of the staff .
if this device is a federal agent or a federal agent , who is not known , it calls the people and prevents a pandemic from breaking .
but now , to the greatest strength that will lead us to a world of doom .
i call them the next billion .
the white lines are for people .
we just crossed the line .
and by the way , the biggest insurance policy against a drug company is a better education and diet all over the world .
in 2010 , we just connected with two billion people online .
we are expected to rise from two to five billion dollars .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of will join global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of a steady halt , i see one of the largest economic economic economic economic economic properties in history .
these people represent a number of dollars that will flow into global economy .
and you will be healthier by using the term , and you will be better trained by the law , and by the way that you will have the opportunity to use a more productive and more productive education than ever .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated members of the board bring us ?
how about a set of new , never voted before .
how about giving the oppressed wherever they are , to make a voice , to attract attention and change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about some of the things we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned from the " x " is that little teams that are motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish with a story that really made me excited .
there 's a program that some might already know .
it 's a game that 's called a game .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where people can take a sequence of dna samples to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the business .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputer .
and this game has been played by the same .
and it 's now hundreds of thousands of people who played the game online .
and it showed that these days the human brain cells better fold the proteins than the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future is the fact that we have more power today than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a demon .
we have the capital of the government .
and we have three billion new heads to work with online to master the new challenges , and to do what it takes .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i think it starts with a doctor , and i am .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough than i can allow myself to give up a piece of my own false sense of opportunity .
but before i get to the bottom of my head , let 's start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we 're close to the world cup and heading for the world cup .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball 's full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
it 's a big baseball team .
i 'll be referring to a statistic i hope most of them have heard before .
it 's the main event of the war .
we 're talking about a 300 when a bat beats 300 .
that means the player must be beating three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball in the field , he gets up , he doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
do you know what they call a baseball team in major league ?
all right , really good , maybe it 's a family thing .
do you know what it 's called ?
that 's someone who , by the way , meets four out of ten .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - - the last major baseball player who met at a regular season over 400 times .
let 's get back to my world of medicine where i feel more comfortable or maybe a little less comfortable after i 've talked to you about it .
assuming you have appendicitis , and you 're being transferred to an offshore account that 's $ 400 in relation to the cancer .
it doesn 't work , does it ?
assuming you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved one with the most beautiful people , and your family doctor is transferring this to a federal agent whose case is at 200 .
but , you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's beating a woman .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i 'll ask you a question .
what do you think , like a nurse or a nurse or an obstetrician , an obstetrician , should be a nurse ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , no one in all the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor should be .
what we do , however , is that we each of you , including me , send me into the world with the claim to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but no one cares about the details of how this is going to end .
and that 's the message i took in med school .
i was a compulsive student .
in high school , a classmate once said brian was going to study for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned at my little research facility at the sisters ' residence at the toronto general hospital , near here .
i learned everything by heart .
in my blood supply , i learned the spinal fluid , every branch of every artery , which is from the aorta , spinal fluid and normal spinal fluid .
i even knew the original story to get rid of the most brilliant of my life .
and all the time , i collected more and more knowledge .
and i was good , i graduated with cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as near as possible , i was immune to the mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. printer .
i was sent to the hospital in toronto as a woman printer .
at this point , i was assigned to the assigned shift in the assigned service .
and it was my job when the chief resident was looking for advice to investigate the murder case .
and reporting to my attending .
i examined mrs. printer and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i looked at her , she made noises .
and when i put her chest through the chest , i could hear a loud noise on both sides , that told me she was suffering from dehydration .
this is a state where the heart is failing , instead of pumping the entire blood further , part of the blood is stuck in the lungs and slowly filling it , hence the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a hard diagnosis .
i turned her in and i went to the treatment .
i gave her aspirin .
i gave her medicine that we call a " sea " , water pills , so that she could drain the fluid .
and over a time and a half to two hours , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake , i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone , and i did what i should have , which would have been a call to my attending , so he had a chance to take his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to provide additional information to her .
maybe i did it with a good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the attending doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and capable of taking his responsibility , that i acted like this , and that 's how i would be able to take care of my patients without contacting him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home , i put a quiet voice inside me trying to say , " goldman , not a good idea . "
in fact , i was missing so much about the fact that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. printer , " do you think it 's okay when she goes home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and came and brought them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , i had this feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , i left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive home with the car when i did something i didn 't .
i went through the kitchen door on my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse who was looking for mrs. printer , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most of what i know .
other doctors fear them as well , but it 's very special because we only see the patients so easily .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular book .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she got home , after i sent her home , she collapsed , and the family called 911 , and they brought her back to the hospital with a blood pressure that 's a dangerous blood pressure .
she barely breathed and went blue .
it was all a matter of time .
they gave it to her .
they closed it to the police station .
i was shocked and damaged .
and i put on this roller coaster because she came to the icu after the emergency session , and i was hoping she 'd recover .
and after two or three days , she realized she would never awaken .
she had suffered a severe brain damage .
her family gathered together .
and in the course of the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to the president .
on the day of the month , you asked her to leave mrs. --
they say you never forget the names of those who never forget .
and that was the first time i ever learned this myself .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of shameful thing .
the most disgusting way i talk about is the one that makes you sick in the heart .
it 's the one who tells you that 's not what you did bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't at the bottom of my heart , he was very sweet .
he was talking to the family , and i 'm sure he was covering the waters and making sure i wasn 't sued .
but i asked myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it lay .
i started feeling better .
and then on a rainy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out and i said maybe i could feel better .
and i have acted with myself that if i had my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake that voice could be silenced .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at a local hospital north of toronto , and i had a 25 years old man with his throat cut .
it was a lot going on and i 'm in a hurry .
he always showed up here .
i looked in the throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a diet of penicillin and sent him away .
and when he left the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next office and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" do you remember the patient with the severed throat ? "
it turns out he 's a drug dealer .
he had a potentially infectious disease called a cancer .
you can dial it down , but it 's not an infection of the femur , it 's the upper airway , and it 's causing the airway .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he got a few days later .
and i went back through the same ordeal of shame and shame , felt free and went to work until it happened again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice .
there 's a lot of that , especially considering working in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night .
in both cases , i didn 't send her home , and there probably wasn 't any flaws in her treatment .
one of them thought he was a good guy .
i ordered the x-ray of the kidneys , and when it was without a trace , my colleague at the patient 's tox screen , he put in a chest tube in the lower right sector and called the emergency room .
the other had strong diarrhea .
i 've ordered him to take care of him and asked my colleague to see him too .
and he did , and when he discovered a subspace surge in the right lower sector , he called the command post .
both cases were operated and they were fine .
both cases were on me , eating up .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim , but total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem , if i can 't close my mistakes and talk about them , if i can keep the voice that tells me what really can 't find , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same ones ?
if i went to a room like this , i have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
when was the last time you heard of someone who said failure about failure ?
oh , yeah , you go to a cocktail party , and you like to hear about some other doctor , but you 're not gonna hear someone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that a drug dealer in my hospital would have taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i 'd have trouble looking him in the eye .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it 's a system where there are two basic positions , the ones that make mistakes and those who don 't make , the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are willing to take the wrong results and the bad results .
it 's almost an involuntary reaction like antibodies attacking a human .
and there 's the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from medicine that we have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely essential .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , where one of 10 different species is either a false or false or false , always and always will cause more and more destruction or dead .
in this state , the canadians are about to die of fatal error .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is the number of 100,000 .
both are strong , because we 're not looking at the problem exactly as we should .
and it 's the main thing .
we can 't keep up .
it 's all over .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error so that we can take a perfect memory for a patient with chest pains .
then i 'm gonna take the same patient with the same blood type , make him sweaty and chatty and give him a little breathing breath , and suddenly the story is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all of this is inevitable .
so , if you take the system the way i was taught , and all of the world 's most vulnerable , then there 's no one left .
and do you know that story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then her pupils expand , they hit their head , then they look down and swallow hard and start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i made . "
what you need is an environment you can provide .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the new attending doctor is a human , white for his humanity , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but puts everything to learn from them so it can be passed .
she shares her experiences with others .
she supports when others talk about her mistakes .
and she 's showing others their mistakes , not to expose , but in a loving , loving way that all of them benefit .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes people filling the system with life , and when they do , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the new attending doctor .
i 'm a human being .
i 'm sorry i 'm late , but i 'm trying best to learn from it to tell others .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with it .
i remember .
i 'll talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's a matter of time .
and because you can explain that idea in a minute , i 'm gonna tell you three stories to use time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you must know he was here .
you may think that he was chasing some kind , but that 's not true .
actually , he collected fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was an accident .
up to the ' 80s , he was fished in great style .
now he 's on the red list of different kinds .
we 've heard that story a lot of times , from other places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're still getting to the main event .
we still think they 're originally .
the brochures still describe them as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is supposed to be a different concept , to make it clear .
because i experienced it when i studied a lagoon in 1971 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a bad sunburn and i was convinced i really didn 't come from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and a couple of square feet .
there have been a number of , like , 20 phone records , a security number of the security cameras .
the founding fathers were very generous and the fishermen lived well and deserved in the most profitable .
when i returned 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
she grew five inches .
they were genetically crushed .
there were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be here .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells me of my complicity in the introduction of the south africans in southeast asia .
in the ' 70s , more like in the early ' 60s , europe has a lot of business .
it meant that a hundred thousand fish have already caught the industrial oil of this very ugly ship is called the four .
i was riding on it , and we were in the whole southern ocean , and especially in the south seas .
we had no words for what we started there .
i now know it was the bottom of the sea .
90 % of our stock was sponges , other animals connected to the reason .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the rubble , the wreckage , were frozen .
in essence , the bottom of the sea came on deck and then came back .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
within a year , you run a series of tests , and then you start with the most amazing thing .
the reason is changed , for - - in this case - a hard reason or soft coral will be crap .
that 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we caught one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill her because they could eat her well .
as a matter of fact , this mountain of debris will be accumulated every time they go into areas that have never been fished .
it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
we adjust our sensor array to the new level and do not recall what was there .
when you put it down , here 's what happens .
there are some good things on the west coast , number of the orca , the green of your country , the west coast .
it changes , because for the people , their actions are natural .
every generation considers the images they take at the beginning of their life as standard and will determine everything .
the difference will be perceived as loss .
but they don 't take the most painful losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want is the pathetic remains .
that 's exactly what we 're going to do .
we want to get things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
you could now think that the problem was about people who certainly did , when they lived in social societies , killed animals and became aware of what they had done after a few generations .
because obviously , an animal that 's been there a lot , rarely before it comes out .
so you don 't lose a common animal .
you always lose rare animals .
and that 's why it 's not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea they 're the big fish .
they 're getting rare because we catch them .
in time , there 's little fish left , and we think it 's the fish .
the question is why people accept it .
well , because you don 't know it used to be different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , will confirm it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence that you have in an earlier form is not how you would like to disclose the evidence .
for example , there is an anecdote that the captain 's report of something he observed in this area can 't be used , or is it usually not because it 's not scientific .
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , although we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
that shows the enormous role that a man can play .
because we basically put the past back through the past .
we bring back the past , which people can 't understand , because they have changed and are very low .
with it , the people who can see and benefit from the insight that allows them to reset their warp coils .
what about the people who can 't because they don 't have access - the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think the art and the movie might fill the gap , as well as simulations .
this is the simulation of the bay .
a long time ago , there was a place where ... 500 years ago .
and you might remember " avatar . "
when you think of " avatar , " when you think of why people were so touched by it , aside from the fact that you were so touched by the vampire queen ?
because it 's something that 's lost in a way .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give is to cameron to turn avatar ii under water .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to , if you had a typewriter registered to the government .
you also had to register a piece of paper from that typewriter .
the reason the government could trace where a text came from .
if you found an article with a false record , you could track down the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do such a thing , and how much that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
it happens today .
and no one seems upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three star charts from today 's existing data banks .
let 's see what really happens in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we 've got three sets .
there 's a lot of money .
for example , here , this is mr .
and the motives of war are very easy to understand .
these people deserve money .
they use money to make a lot of money .
there are several known cases of assault and battery that earned their money .
this is vladimir nikolayevich , from cameroon in estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
- what ?
this is matthew anderson , tariq and so on and so on .
the federal intelligence service entered the swiss bank account two months ago , and in this account there were $ 1 million in u.s. when it was frozen .
the location is unknown .
and i 'm saying it 's more likely today that we 're going to be a victim of a crime in the real world .
and it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play online .
the second largest security unit we can watch today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else - protests , an opinion , or by your audience .
groups like anonymous have risen over the past 12 months and have become one of the top players in the field of the war .
so these are the three of them , criminals who do it for money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments running the attacks .
we 're up to cases , like the one on the street .
it shows what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
i mean , you know , it 's just a little bit of a joke .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , because it was hacked .
someone had broken in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week , in a meeting with this group , i asked one of the leaders of this group to see if he thought it was possible because of the people who died .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in a way like this ?
it 's an emergency .
they 're selling dog shit .
what are you gonna do with that ?
well , you need a certificate when you have a web site with social services , for example .
you can if you go into a foreign
you know , hacking and making fake phone calls .
and that 's exactly what happened in the event of the war .
how is it with the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt , the insurgents in april 2011 invaded the headquarters of the egyptian secret police , and they found a lot of files .
in these files , there was a folder called " the " the " the " the " .
and in this folder , notes were written in germany 's local company that the egyptian government had sold a few programs that they could intercept in very large context - any communication of the egyptian citizens .
you sold this program to the egyptian government .
it 's right here .
so western governments supply foreign governments with nuclear weapons so they can move against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago , the so-called " nazi " , was a trojan used by germans to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're suspected in a police car , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
they 're tapping on their cell phones .
they use resources like the computer to access their computer with a trojan who allows them to monitor their entire communications , to monitor their computer systems , collect their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , then the obvious answer to people is , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that argument doesn 't make sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not for debate .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a decision between freedom and control .
and as we now , in the year of 2011 , like our governments trust , every right we give up is forever .
and do we trust , blind to any future government , a government we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of the world .
the first oil fields have been made and designed to create a simple idea : a mixture of cement that matches .
it was very quick to become the world 's most powerful .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
in essence , our time has become the most powerful .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , legos came out with this .
it was called the " automatically painted stone . "
and within a few years , legos moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
in essence , legos have taken the most powerful , the world 's most powerful , and made it into an image of our imagination .
in the meantime , in the same year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced ,
it was a little bit of a dream that would bring us from a world of the earth to a world where everything was brought to an end .
like the oil company allows us to build much bigger , more powerful , more powerful , one stone at a time .
but there is an expert witness , only for experts .
personally , i don 't accept that our time for experts is reserved , and so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to explore this idea how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a couple of years ago , i started to develop brain activity .
let me show you how they work .
computer systems are electronic devices that have a specific function .
you 're a computer engineer , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part is they connect with magnets .
you can 't put them in the wrong place .
the stones are frozen .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build a whole lot bigger ground .
you add a blue one to a green one , and you can make light .
you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you 've created a little computer chip .
take the switch out to put in a tracking device that 's here , and you 've made a little indicator .
add this to the energy content for an additional effect , and you 've made a quantum singularity .
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond the simple play , the fact is , it 's pretty straightforward .
instead of programming , programming or programming , allowing them to program simple gestures .
so to speed up the blinking or slow down , just turn on that button and it makes the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind this is that it 's a growing library .
we want to put every single interaction in this world into a stone that can 't be seen .
lights , sound , sound waves , engine all should be available .
we 've been handing out children 's stories and watching them play .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them in everyday life and they don 't learn at school .
like an ipod works , or why the doors of the car crash or how an ipod reacts to touch .
we 've also taken the liberty of bringing the children to the palace .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that started to play with animal parts as material .
here we see , with the felt , paper , and paper , like ...
a couple of weeks ago , we brought a bunch of plastic bags and gave them some of the technical experience that had no technical experience - just cardboard and paper - and said , " do what . "
here 's an example of a project you 've made , a very special project .
but wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster made of dough that 's scared in the dark .
for this time of year , a new material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available for everyone .
so it 's open source .
you can go to the web site , download all the phone records and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creators , the inventor , the creator , the world where we live , this world , is ours .
so , get out and start making up .
thank you .
