and , of course , we all share the same stock options .
we 're all born , we give birth to children .
we 're running tests .
we must deal with the inexorable separation through death , and so it should not surprise us all to sing , dance , and create art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art .
but interesting is the unique cadence of song , the rhythm of dance in culture .
these people teach us that there are other ways to navigate , to guide the earth .
and that 's a performance that , when you think about it , can only fill you with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of earthly life that is as important to the earth as the biological life you know as the biosphere .
the great legacy of humanity .
it is the symbol we are and what we are capable of as an amazingly evolved species .
and just as the biosphere was much worn out , this happened with the particle fountain at even greater speed .
and the vital indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when each of them was born in this room , 6,000 languages were spoken on earth .
now , a language is not just the totality of excellence or a series of expressions .
a language is the expression of the human mind .
it is a means that the soul of a certain culture can access the material world .
each language is like a primeval forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest
and those 6000 languages today , we 'll be sitting here in monterey , half of them won 't whisper in the ears of children .
they won 't be able to do anything , so if they don 't do something , they 're actually dead .
what could be more lonely than being encased in silence , one of the last of your people to speak your language , no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors or to expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect the children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on earth , like , every two weeks , because every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last syllables of an old language to his grave .
let her be more feminine . "
and then suddenly they realize what it would be like if they couldn 't speak their own language .
so today , i would like to take you on a journey through the nekrit expanse , a short journey through the nekrit expanse , to make you understand what has actually gone .
now there are among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different possibilities of being , " really different possibilities of being .
take , for example , this child of the amazon jungle creatures , the people of the anaconda , believe that they are spreading the water from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
these are a people that do not distinguish between the colors of color blue and green , as the sky is equal to the forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest
they have a strange language and a language called the linguistic ability to marry someone who speaks a language .
all of this in the mythological history of mythological history , the strange in these great houses , where they speak six or seven languages , however , is that you never hear anyone learn a language .
they just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most fearsome tribes i have ever lived with , the northern tribes of ecuador , an amazing people first contacted in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries attempted to make serious contact and made a mistake .
they were throwing bright pictures of themselves out of the air , which we consider as a friendly gesture , forgetting that these people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen seen seen a sight of anything more disturbing .
they picked up these photographs from the forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest
but the getae didn 't just kill outsiders with the spear .
they went through each other .
54 % of the deaths occurred due to accidental death .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest
its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
to give meaning to this sensation , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable belief in the voodoo god , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it 's a complex metaphysical imbalance .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you , would you tell the great leaders what you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , buddhist or whatever .
a continent is always left out because the assumption was that there is no religious belief in the religious community , and of course there was one , and voodoo is just the remnants of this very highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
but what makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be swept away from under the great water , depending on the rhythm of the dance to temporarily repress the spirit of the living , so that for a brief moment the spirit becomes god .
" you white people go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you are possessed , you are consumed by the spirit .
you see these amazing demonstrations , staggering in a state of heat , burning coal without burning , an astonishing irritation of the mind 's ability to manipulate the body so that it can endure when it is placed in a state of extreme arousal .
well , of all the people i 've met , the most remarkable were the northern nevada of the sierra nevada de santa marta , in southern california .
descendants of the old tyrannical civilization , which will rise to caribbean populations of colombia , and in the wake of the conquest , these people have retreated to a massive vulcan ship over the caribbean sea .
in a bloodied continent , these people were the only ones who were never conquered by the spanish .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood .
and this time of year , they will be introduced culturally into the values of their society , values that maintain the assertion that their prayers and prayers , the cosmic balance , or we could say that ecological preservation .
" it 's so wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
so , natives are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he 's a location of a ghost or a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british columbia , and i believed that these woods were meant to be cleared .
well , when you start looking at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photo i took last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is the most powerful compound in the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
once upon a time , you 've seen how you snort this stuff , this substance that you manufacture from different species also contains hydrocarbons .
the snorting powder is like being shot from a rifle barrel , surrounded by paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it is not a distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
but the thing about bone marrow transplants is that they can 't be taken orally , since they are naturally ingested by an enzyme in the human intestine , with names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names .
the only way they can be taken orally in conjunction with some other chemicals which the mao quotations .
now , the fascinating thing is that the vines contain the vines are highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
how can these people , from a flora of 80,000 species , can 't find these two viable relatives plants , which , if combined , create a kind of more colorful version , so the whole thing is bigger than the sum of his parts ?
we use that euphemism , effort and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but if you ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , the inhabitants , have 17 variations of a variety of species that they all recognize at a great distance in the forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest
and then you ask them how they justify their roots and they say , " i thought you knew something about plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ?
well , it turns out you pick up every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in a different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a doctorate at harvard , but it 's a lot more interesting than counting classes .
well , the problem is that even those among us have the sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives consider them colorful and colorful , yet somehow , restrict them to the past , i.e. the real world , our world .
all the cultures have always participated in the dance with new dance skills .
and the problem is not the one with the technology .
the sioux didn 't stop any less to sioux than they set their bow and arrow when the americans stopped being americans when they were serving horses and horses .
no change and technology threaten the integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity integrity
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i do much research , people will see the ugly face of political domination .
you know , the genocide , the extinction of people is generally judged , but the destruction of human life , the destruction of human life , is not only not judged , but celebrated in general , and in general , as part of an act .
and you can 't understand tibet 's condition if you haven 't experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a follower of the llama lama .
that meant he was killed instantly by the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with his holiness to the palace of naples .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for the crime .
he was smuggled into the prison for two years to hide under her skirt because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed to this brave deed has been taken to a convent .
one day she accidentally stepped on a bracelet of " mao " and for that violation , she had to go to a hard labor camp for seven years .
tibet can be unbearable , but the spirit of man is unforgettable .
and in the end , we are faced with a choice , would we like to live in a monotonous world of monotony or a monotonous world of variety ?
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution that brought us to agriculture , and in that moment , we surrendered to the cult of the priesthood , subjugated the poetry of the shaman by the prose and hierarchy , specializing in the priesthood , created only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , that superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have the answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
if we ask these countless questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
here 's a photo i took at the north end of the rainbow bridge when i went to the orchid show with my grandfather , and this man ,
the canadian government has not always dealt very well with the inuit children ... and in the course of the year of our reign ... they have been forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced forced to become settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took all the tools and all the tools .
now you must know that the inuit are not afraid of the cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold
the metal fibers from your sled were originally made from fish wrapped in a metal tube .
the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the arctic night or the flying storm .
he slipped out , pulled his pants down out of the window of his hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
he sprayed saliva on the sides of the skull and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he tied the dog and improvised a harness , took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a sled , strapped another dog , and ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran
you can 't do anything with it .
and this is in many ways an inuit symbol of the resistance of all the natives in the world .
the canadian government gave the inuit complete control of an area greater than california and texas combined .
it is our new homeland , and it is called the land of opportunity .
it 's an independent area , they control all the power systems .
an amazing example of how a nation , a state that can make amends with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and at the end of the day , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant places on earth , to realize that they haven 't been removed at all .
you 're someone 's favorite patient .
they represent parts of the human imagination , which in the past , and for all of us , the dreams of these children will become part of the geography of our children .
what we do with national geographic is that we believe politicians never achieve anything .
we believe that nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
156 nations send our relief teams .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many images of digital photos here , that can be rearranged seamlessly and continuously , in any way .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at how big these collections are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in an area of 300 volumes .
it doesn 't make any difference because the only thing that can limit the performance of a system like this is the number of cell phone activity on your screen at any moment .
this is a whole book , an example of book writing .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that this is really a text , not a picture , we can do something like that , to really prove that this is a real line of work and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way of reading a master 's book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is an unprecedented case , this is a copy of the guardian .
the big picture is the beginning of a leg .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a genuine article of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with multiple volumes .
we also did something at the corner of this particular copy of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution that 's way higher than a normal ad , and we added extra content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or models , or even technical specifications .
and this really takes up these ideas to get rid of these restrictions on the available space on the screen .
we hope that means no more of this nonsense - that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , it 's the most obvious use of technology for something like this .
and i really don 't want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we will also be contributing to this area .
but these are all the roads in the city streets .
nasa 's top priority list .
now let 's get something else out .
you can check it out .
this is a project that connects two different names names .
one is a top researcher , and the other is a very good research on nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
and rick kester , microsoft research , and a very good collaboration .
so this is live at the lake , and it 's powered by jet engines .
you can see that when we create this kind of view where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the resolution multiple .
but the spatial configuration of the images is indeed significant here .
i don 't know if i have time to show you exactly the surroundings .
there are those who are much more resourceful .
we had to worry about the lawyers and everything .
so these are all behavioral problems , and they 're all in a relationship this way .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras , everything , from the internet to professional users , a pretty big number of them all stitched up in this area .
and if possible , i will find the strange .
many of them are covered by faces , etc .
there 's a series of photographs here somewhere .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was properly recorded .
we can switch from the poster to a physical point of this environment .
the point is that we can do things with the social environment , and now it 's collected data from all of the collective memory of what the earth looks visually and becomes connected .
all these photos are linked together , and it creates something bigger than the sum of the pieces .
you will receive a model created from the earth .
consider this the continuation of stephen huntley 's work to virtual earth .
and this is something that grows through the complexity that people use it , and its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
her own photos will be linked to metadata , other than one person entered .
and , of course , byproduct of all this is the immense virtual models of every interesting part of the earth that was not only obtained by satellite or satellite images , but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at some point in the next few years , all the images that are used together by someone in the world are basically connected together ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want , you can draw them together .
and she does this because of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and this is really exciting when you think of the abundance of information that has many of these images .
like when they do a video search for pictures where they enter sentences , and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about what picture it is .
but how about the picture that connects you to all the pictures ?
then the circumference of the milky nipples and the amount that comes from it is really enormous .
blaise , this is really incredible .
thank you very much .
i 'm going to tell you things from my book that , as i do , in harmony with other things that you 've heard , and i 'm going to make a few , you haven 't noticed .
i want to start with what i call official dogma .
official dogma of what ?
the official business of all western european societies .
the official dogma is the way that if our goal is to maximize the value of our citizens , this is the way it goes through the basic freedoms of the individual .
the one for this is that freedom is good for itself , valuable , useful , an essential requirement for human .
when people have freedom , then each of us acts for ourselves to do the things that maximize our common good and nobody has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common good they have .
this is , i think , anchored so deep in our water supply , that no one would ever have thought of it .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you examples of what gives us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how the supermarket is .
and then you go to that fancy store to put together a stereo , speaker , cd player , radio , amplifier , amplifier , and in this one electronics store , there are so many stereo systems .
we can put together different stereo systems from the components offered in this one million business .
you have to admit , that 's quite a selection .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy you could have any provider you wanted as long as it came from ma bell .
you rented it to her , you didn 't buy it .
the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we now have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future future future future future future future future future future .
my favorite is the one in the middle , the one in the middle , the one with the crème brûlée and the creme brulee .
and if you haven 't seen this in your business by now , you can be that you will .
and what it does is make people walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
now do you know what the answer to this one is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other aspects of life , which are far more significant than buying objects , the same explosion of choices .
it 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tell you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor doctor , and the doctor tells you that we can do it or we could do b .
it has its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
b has these advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what do you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i am not you . "
there 's an enormous marketing scheme for prescription drugs for people like you and me , that if you think about it , it doesn 't make any sense because we don 't buy them .
do they advertise us if we can 't buy what ?
the answer is , you 're expecting us to call the doctor 's doctor the next morning and change the prescription .
something as profound as our identities is now the choice of this slide .
we don 't inherit an identity id , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as often as we want .
it means that every day you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the marriage ceremony was that almost everyone had one and that they got married as quickly as they could , and then children as quickly as they could .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
everything is easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
i teach intelligent students , and i give them 20 % less work than i used to .
and that 's not because you 're less smart , and not because you 're less careful .
it 's because they 're busy with other things , they ask themselves , " should i get married or not ?
shall i get married later ?
they 're all questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
and you will answer those questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
these are important questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
we are blessed as carl has made clear with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet except the randolph hotel .
there 's a corner , by the way , that i won 't tell anyone about , where the time machine works .
i 'm not gonna tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice choice choice we have to make decisions about work , again and again , and again , whether we should or shouldn 't .
we can watch our kids play soccer , and we have our cell phone on one hip hip hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our laps .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our child mutilate a child , do we ask ourselves , " should i take this call ?
should i write this e-mail ?
and even if the answer to the " no , " it certainly will shape your experience of your child 's memory very differently .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a choice choice choice choice choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
what i 'm saying is , there were options , but not everything was a choice choice .
and the world we live in now looks like this .
and that is , is that good news or bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'll figure out what 's good about it .
these choices have two effects , two negative effects on humans .
an effect , a more efficient way is that it paralyzes instead of freeing .
with so many options to choose from , people are very hard to decide at all .
i will give you another drastic example of this , a study of investment in voluntary pension funds .
a colleague of mine had access to security footage from vanguard , the massive cash flow of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she thought was a 10 % increase the employer offered , took part by 2 % .
you offer 50 % less employees to 10 % less employees than if she offered five ?
because there are 50 candidates who are available , it 's so hard to decide that you should choose to postpone it until tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and of course , tomorrow never comes .
by not participating , they give up up to $ 5,000 a year from the u.s. military contractor who would have been happy to contribute .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
you really want to make the decision right if it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the fake investment fund or even the wrong salad dressing .
so this is the one effect , the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and a decision , we end up less satisfied with the outcome of the selection than if we had the opportunity to choose between fewer options .
and there are reasons for this .
the more opportunities there are , the easier it is to not regret anything at all that is disappointing for the choice you choose .
second , what economists call financial institutions .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning telling how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we 're comparing .
well , if there are a lot of other options to consider , it 's just to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives you rule out , that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
for those of you who aren 't new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's a couple in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach .
what could be better ?
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks chasing the idea that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking space day after day .
we have received the satisfaction from our selection , even if what we have chosen is fantastic .
and the more opportunities to choose from , the more attractive qualities of these choices are taken into account in the social calendar .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon is making statements .
he 's making a statement about living in the now and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point that he makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and it will make what they do less attractive .
three , escalating expectations .
this hit me when i wanted to change my jeans .
i wear jeans most of the time .
so i went to buy new jeans after many years of old , and i said ,
and the seller said , " do you want slim , light , or wide ?
do you want buttons or zipper , washing stone or acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid acid
you want jeans with holes ?
if you wish to be cut down , cut down , slice , slice , blah blah blah blah , and so he told you .
my jaw was down and after recovering , i said , " i 'd like to have the kind that used to be the only kind . "
he didn 't have what it was , so i spent a week on trying to get everyone to try to try try try try to try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try to get out of it .
i had it better , and all those choices allowed me to have it better .
but i felt worse .
i 've written a whole book to try try to explain myself .
the bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it was not perfect .
and so i compared what i had to what i expected , and what i had got was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities to people 's lives inevitably increases the expectations people have about how good these possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if you knew , you wouldn 't know .
the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
the thing is that in the past , everything was better than anything worse than it was worse , it was possible for people to experience that were a pleasant surprise .
these days , in the world where we live , we wealthy , highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
you 'll never get comfortable because your expectations , my expectations , are crushing .
that 's what they all came for - - to the top floor are low expectations .
i 'd like to say a brief moment of hesitation that i 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad bad bad bad bad .
when hundreds of different types of jeans are available , and they buy one that 's disappointing , and they ask , who 's responsible ?
it is also clear that the answer to the question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
you could have done better .
with 100 different types of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even if the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so , the fact is that we are generally better , objectively , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there are no choices that are a little better than none , but there 's no such thing as a better selection .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we missed this point in choosing our common good .
now , as a policy , i 'm almost done . as a rule , this is a policy to think about it .
there are many places in the world , and we 've heard of many of them whose problem is not too great a choice .
your problem is you 're short .
so the things i 'm about to do are an odd problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what 's so frustrating and annoying is that steve levitt told you yesterday about how these expensive and elusive business methods don 't help .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive complicated decisions are not easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
they even hurt .
they 'll make us look worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make such decisions about the societies where people have been pushed too little , not only would the lives of people be improved , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this an informal application .
- -- - --
in conclusion , read this cartoon , and , a highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
you know nothing about this fishbowl . "
impoverished imagination , a shortsighted view of the world , and that 's the way i first read it .
but the more i thought about it , the more i thought the fish knew something .
because the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
when you break the goldfish bowl down so that anything is possible , you 'll lower your happiness .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everybody needs a fishbowl .
this is almost too limited with complete security possibly for the fish , definitely for us .
but the absence of a metaphorical goldfish bowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suppose , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've been talking about this project before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point , we 've digitized biology , and now we 're moving from digital code to a new phase of biology by creating new life and building .
we 've always tried to ask important questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
what is life ?
we 've tried different approaches to simplify it to the minimum components .
we digitized for almost 20 years , when we completed the fractional reserve banking system , the transition from the world of biology to the computer 's digital world .
now we 're asking if we can regenerate lives or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , a highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
we 've got about a hundred genes to give up from the top or 500 that are here .
therefore , we have decided that the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome which allows us to vary the individual components , and therefore ask of these fundamental questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
and so we started with the , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow it to create these really big molecules that has never been done before ?
and if we can do that , can we launch the chromosome ?
a chromosome is , by the way , a piece of highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
our steps in the evolution of life were exponential .
our ability to write has evolved very slowly but increased , and our last point would now be to a more balanced curve .
we started this 15 years ago .
it actually took years to start a controversial review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , it 's very difficult to explain .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes you make .
so we had to develop a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with digital information , the department of quantum phi x.
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we did small pieces , we did a skin biopsy and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of engineered chemical and put it into a bacteria , and the bacteria started reading the genetic code and making viral particles .
the viral particles were then released from the cells and came back and killed e. coli .
the other day , i spoke to the oil industry , and they said they understood that they would understand this model very well .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think the one thing in the software can actually build its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
design is the key , and if you want to use digital information on the computer , that digital information must really be accurate .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the dna sequence was one mistake per 10,000 square feet .
if we had used the original sequence it would never have been possible to drive up .
part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long , and have to overlap with other rectangular pieces to build smaller pieces to match them .
we 've installed unique elements here .
you may have heard that we 've installed satellite dishes .
think about it , we have a binary code , c , g and t .
these letters encode these letters in code , like , 20 amino acids ; and here , there 's a single destiny for each one of these .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first , we just signed .
some people were disappointed it wasn not poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply disassemble them with enzymes and make them whole again .
and we started making pieces , starting with pieces that contained the cyrillic to cyrillic letters , they added together to make music pieces to put them back together , up to date .
in each step , we produced these pieces in excess so that we could get them back because we were trying to create a very sturdy process that you will see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point of the antimatter reaction .
well , this looks like a family portrait .
if we can get to these really big pieces of music , with over the -- they won 't just be in e. coli it 's beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
we knew there was a mechanism known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
here 's an example of it .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it all came back to the way it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be dried out , they can even live in the vacuum .
i 'm perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
actually , nasa has shown that there are a lot of them out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule we 've created using these processes - - actually , we 've only used aluminum oxide with the right design of the pieces , we 've got a yeast infection .
it 's not a routine procedure . it 's a standard procedure .
it 's such a big molecule , we can even see it with the particle beam .
these are recordings for a period of six seconds .
this is the paper we recently finished .
it 's the largest molecule of ever created by humans .
it has an excess of 300 million .
if we print it out with a 10 and a zero , it would involve 142 pages just to get this genetic code out .
well , how do we start a chromosome ?
obviously , it 's very simple with a virus .
it 's just as easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but recently , we have shown that you can perform a complete transplant from one cell to the other and activate it .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to bring the trial a little further .
this is the basic evolutionary process here .
we find all kinds of species here that have recorded a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , multiplied thousands of species in just one second .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that 's changed at a time have missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
the chromosome in the cell didn 't have one , the chromosomes we inserted .
it was etched in the cell , and the other realized that chromosome was a foreign material , and so in the end , all we had was a cell with a new chromosome .
it turned blue because of the genes we added .
and according to a very short time , it had all the characteristics of the species and converted completely into a new species based on the new software we put into the cell .
all the proteins changed the membrane when we read the genetic , it was exactly what we transferred .
well , it may sound like some kind of existential crisis , but we can , uh , postpone the press conference , change things pretty dramatically .
now i have argued that this is not genesis . it 's based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i have argued that we might be about to create a new form of the thermonuclear explosion that could give massive new life forms based on this digital design .
what should we do ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're about to drift from six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for everyone who existed in 1946 ; within 40 years , there will be four .
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer that for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 400,000 billion barrels of oil .
if we start thinking about biological trials or some process to replace that , it 's gonna be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we have now , from our discoveries in the world , a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future generations .
there were a dozen components , and look at the variety that came from it .
we are here in the first place to meet the boundaries of biological reality and those of our own .
we have technology today based on this rapid progression to do what we call cross-species genetics .
we now have the opportunity to build a large robot that can produce chromosomes on the day .
if you imagine creating these 20 different genes or optimizing these processes in order to create new vaccines or medicines , we can change more with just one small team of molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's just a temporary selection , so we can go to , you know , chemical plants or chemical plants and stuff .
it 's a recording of some real online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online
we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now concentrating on the fourth generation of science .
you recently saw corn to ethanol which is just a bad experiment .
we have satellite data from the third generation that will come out relatively soon that will have a much higher power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
but , as we think , the only way that biology will have a huge impact without further increase in food or restriction of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and we think that we 're gonna be the first with the fourth generation , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the depths of the deep sea , near boiling boiling water .
it converts co2 to methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're checking to see if we can use compressed co2 , which could be simply to be simply simply to transport the co2 into fuel to power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
within a short period of time , we believe we may be able to solve one of the fundamental questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
you know , we really do have more pressing targets like the replacement of the entire industrial industry , exactly , if you couldn 't do that with ted , where , become a fuel cell .
but just as we are currently working on using the more sophisticated approach for the development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
you saw it with the flu this year , we 're always a year behind , and we 're a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by creating vaccines in the replicator system .
this is what the possible future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
we are light-years away from improving human beings , and our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do that .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the founder 's day .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
and for those who weren 't there , the most scientific experiment has ever been applied to 27 kilometers in diameter .
its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it 's just breathtaking ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 're gonna take pictures of these security detectors .
it 's called atlas detector 44 meters wide , 22 meters in diameter .
here is a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the color of the screen .
on september 10 last year , the machine started for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused tremendous cheering in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first pulsar cluster that crashed all the way around the asteroid belt , then deliberately collided with a piece of the debris to put a rain of particles on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this created the greatest cheering , or this , when someone visited the google site and found the google page like this .
it means we 've reached a cultural influence next to the science .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires here .
these wires run hydraulic amps when the machine is running on metal containers .
well , the engineers under you will look at them and say , " no , they won 't .
they can do that , because when you cool them down a long way , they become like , uh , like , a , uh , a ...
at minus 271 degrees , so , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the security cameras , between the highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
this was the result .
well , this is all even more impressive if you imagine the magnets weighing over 20 tons and shifting about an inch .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove what we did .
we redid it , repaired it .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the particle fountain will be operational again .
we will turn it on , and expect expect to collect first data in june or july and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way such accidents will rekindle the debate over the value of science and science on such borders .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we reach beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but it 's more than that , of course .
it 's also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to change .
but recently , something strange happened in my life and my career that made me completely rethink my relationship to this work .
the result is that no matter where i go , i will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously - - doomed !
for example , you come to me worried and say , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never beat this success ?
aren 't you afraid of writing your whole life and never creating another book that anyone in the world cares about ?
okay , that 's real brave .
people said you 're not afraid you 'll never succeed .
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you 'll spend your life following this craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft
like that , you know .
the answer , the short answer to all these questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
yeah , i 'm afraid of all this stuff .
and i always did .
and i 'm afraid of a lot more things no one would suspect .
like algae - - and scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it lately and me :
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid to do the work they feel they have to do ?
and what exactly is going on with the enterprises that they 're making us insecure about each other 's mental state in a way that doesn 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist asking him to be afraid of being a chemist .
how are you ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of chemists haven 't received the reputation of manic depressive people over the centuries .
we writers seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the writers of all styles seem to have a reputation for mentally unstable .
all you have to do is look at the bitter cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold
and even those who did not commit suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide
norman mailer said , just before his death , in his final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final brief interview , " the end , " the end of his last interview of his last interview , " , " that i will be " that i will be published , " that i will be " i will be " i will
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the one i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea all right for you ?
are you comfortable with that ?
i can make you disgusting .
and i don 't want to see it taken over to the next century .
i think it 's better if we encourage the big ones to live .
and i definitely know that for me , in my situation , it would be very dangerous to start taking this dark path of assumption , so to speak , especially in the fact that i 'm in my career .
i 'm just about 40 years old .
i may have another 40 inside me .
and it 's highly likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely
i say it straight , because we 're all kind of friends here now - - it 's highly likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can make someone start at 9 : 00 in the morning , and i don 't want that .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so this is how ?
after some time of the year , i feel that , in order to continue to write , i need to design some sort of existential psychological construct .
from now on , i must find a way to write a safe distance between me and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the writing will be .
this search led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
follow me , because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , did they ?
they believed that creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
the greeks used to call these divine powers of the creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
socrates knows that he believed he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea . they called it the ghost of a roman catholic priest .
the romans didn 't really think a very clever individual was .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct to protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everybody knew it worked , right ?
the artist of the nobel committee was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take everyone 's credit for it .
when your work is done ... not entirely your fault , is it ?
everyone knew you were a little slow .
that 's how people in the west have really long thought about creativity .
it 's the beginning of the rational mind game and people began to believe that creativity came from the individual .
for the first time in history , you hear people call this artist or this artist , instead of having one .
i have to tell you , i think it was a big mistake .
it 's like trying to help someone swallow the sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun , the sun , the sun , the sun , the sun .
the disfigured and distorted whole egos and it creates this unreachable expectation of success .
i think that this guy who 's been destroying our artists for the past five hundred years .
and , if that 's true , and i think it 's true , is this :
can we change it ?
perhaps to an ancient understanding of human relationship and the mystery of human nature .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't just wipe out the idea of the concepts of the past 500 years of science fiction in a rational talk .
and i 'm sure there are people in this audience who are really reasonable scientific doubts about the principle of fairies who follow people and apply them to their projects .
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this trip .
but the one i want to raise is :
don 't you think so ?
because it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
a process which , as everyone knows , who 's ever tried to do anything , in other words , everyone here is not always being reasonable .
as a matter of fact , sometimes he can feel downright blue .
she said it was like a floating train of air ,
who would walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
she felt when it came , because it would bring the earth to the ground below .
she knew there was only one thing she could do at a time like this ... and that was her ... running like the devil .
and then there were these moments - - that part i 'll never forget - - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
she caught the poem on his cock and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
on these occasions , the poem was perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
when i heard that , i thought it was scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
this is not at all like my creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
i 'm a mule so i can work like a mule every day i have to get up and sweat and sweat and sweat and work really hard and really uncomfortable .
but even i , in my mind , sometimes i would touch that thing .
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had ideas or ideas that came from a source through me that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we deal with this without losing our minds , but to keep us in the opposite of mental health ?
for me , the best living example of how to do this is the musician , tom waits .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the most modern artist who tried to control these uncontrollable impulses that lived in him and dealt with them .
but then he got older and calmer and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he has a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he begins to rise up this old anxiety in him , like i will lose this thing and be haunted by this song forever .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't make it .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished the thought process and did something completely new .
he just looked up into the sky and said , " excuse me , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could write a song right now ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a more convenient moment when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go torture leonard cohen .
his whole family motto changed after that .
not even the work , it was often as dark as ever .
there could be a peculiar , wondrous , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the exotic , exotic thing that was not entirely tom .
when i heard that story , it changed the way i did and it saved me once .
not just the worst of all time .
i started to think i should just abandon the project .
but then i remembered tom talking in the open sky , and i tried .
so i took a look at the manuscript and i took my comment to an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
i have nothing more than that .
so if you want to get better , you have to show up here and keep your end of the bargain .
but if you don 't , you know what , then to hell with it .
i 'm still gonna keep writing because that 's my job .
and i would like to announce that i was here today for my part of the job .
for , in the end , it is as follows , centuries ago , in the deserts of the frozen people , they have gathered together with sacred dances and music that have been held for hours until dawn .
those parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something special happened , and one of the cast was actually cast .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen a performance like that in your life .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer walked through a different kind of portal , doing nothing like he 'd ever done before , but it all adds up .
and suddenly , he no longer seemed pure human .
he was lit from the inside and lit from the bottom and all lit up by a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , something magical , something miraculous , olé , olé , olé , allah , great , magnificent , magnificent , magnificent , magnificent .
and that 's great , because we need this .
but the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up himself and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he no longer has a glimmer of god inside him .
he is merely an aging mortal with aching knees , and perhaps he will never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name when he turns , but what 's he gonna do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most profitable corrections of a lifetime .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain if you didn 't think the most extraordinary aspects of your existence would come from you .
maybe if you just think you 're on loan from an unimaginable source for an exquisite time of your life passed on to someone else when you 're done .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
so i began to think , and so i think with certainty in the past few months , i began to think of the book that will soon appear as the scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
what i have to tell myself all the time when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
keep your contribution , whatever it may be .
if your job is to dance , dance .
if the stupid divine , who is by your side , decides for a brief moment to show a glimmer of wonder through your efforts , then olé !
and if not , dance your dance anyway .
and ole olé !
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
for you , in spite of everything , just for having the mere human love and obstinacy to be there for it .
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice cap that had the size of the lower 48 states for nearly three years , shrunk 40 percent .
but this does not express the seriousness of this particular problem because it does not show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the heart of our global warming process .
it grows in winter and shrinks in summer .
the next slide i 'll show you is a slide show that 's happened in the last 25 years .
it 's marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue , this is the annual ice cream in winter , and it shrinks in the summer .
what is known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known .
in 25 years , it 'll be gone from here to here .
this is a problem because the temperature of the frozen warming thaws the arctic ocean where there 's large quantities of carbon that , when it thaws , is converted into methane by microbes .
compared to the total amount of gaseous substances in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we cross this critical point .
today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane from the water itself .
professor katie walter of the university of alaska has traveled with another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
she 's fine , how are we going to be ?
and one thing is , this enormous amount of greenland is from the north .
this is a mandatory evacuation alert .
but the volume is much larger than ever .
this is the southeast asian river in greenland .
if you want to know how the sea level rises through the sea here it flows into the sea .
these rivers are rapidly closing .
on the other side of the planet , antarctica , the largest nuclear nuclear nuclear force force force force force force force force force force force base on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent now has a negative tolerance for disease control .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the
this is the equivalent of 20 feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet
in the himalayas , the himalayas of the himalayas , they see new lakes up there that were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world get half of their product from this prison system .
in the andes , this glacier is the source for this city .
i 'm sorry .
but if those hills are dry , most of the drinking water will be drained .
in california , a 40 % reduction in the sierra region has been seen .
this concerns the peace talks .
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this dehydration in the world leads to a dramatic increase in firing .
and the disasters all over the world have put on a really big scale , and never before put on a more serious scale .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 50s .
this is a fully functional muscle relaxant .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .
for the past five years , we 've produced 70 million tons of co2 each 24 million hours 25 tons of each day into the oceans .
look closely at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent west and west of the indian river , where there is a drastic drop in the ocean .
the biggest factor in global warming , next to logging , which is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is still the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the biggest two major financial institutions , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot of other construction sites .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been painted over the past few years with some green alternatives proposed .
there is a political confrontation in our country .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the ,
this image reminded me of something .
walking around christmas , at my house in tennessee , a billion tons of rock music .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is in our country , the most beautiful country in america .
this happened at christmas .
one of the tv commercials for christmas was this one .
frosty the milky way is a jolly , jolly fellow .
it is in abundance in america , and it helps our economy .
frosty , the ice cream cone gets cleaner every day .
it 's affordable and lovable , and workers stay in wages and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey coal .
let me be very clear , al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , you don 't know what you 're talking about .
so , the alliance for world war ii initiated two campaigns .
this is a part of her .
in the environmental crisis , we consider climate change a serious threat to our business .
that 's why we 've been spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending .
money 's not dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good .
so don 't worry about climate change .
leave it to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so let 's do a tour of these modern , clean , wholesome places .
fantastic !
but it 's the sound of the clean slate .
and yet the burning of coal is one of the main causes for global warming , the remarkably clean surface temperatures you see here changes everything .
take a good look , this is today 's clean slate .
finally , the positive alternative is mixing with our economic challenge and our national security challenge .
america is in a crisis , economy , national security , economic crisis .
the red thread that connects them all is our dependence on foreign oil like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there 's a brave new solution to get us out of this predicament .
restore america to 100 % clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to get america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
find out more .
this is the last one .
it 's about a special edition of america .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , dirty , corrupt , the world to suffocate .
wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
new investments to create well paid jobs .
it 's time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together . "
we have to get far and fast .
thank you .
i want you to start by helping out the time of your childhood when you were playing with child pornography .
they realized how to reach out and reach out , and then they started to pick up and move , and they actually learned to think , and understand and solve problems by changing the context .
the spatial thinking is closely linked to how we understand most of our environment .
this one was so moving that we evolved to explore the answer and to explore the answer .
in short , a computer system is a state-of-the-art computer the size of a computer .
they can be moved by hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
more importantly , are physical , which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and the satellite imagery is an example of a new generation of digital data manipulation .
and when these resources become physical and develop a mind for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the nuances of our conversation with them , then we can begin our exploration of new and entertaining events .
i 'm going to start with some easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
this video is configured for its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and these iconic portraits make each other true .
so if i put them next to each other , it 'll make them interesting .
when you 're surrounded , you 'll notice and you can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and pitch .
an interesting result of the interactions we began to recognize was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like throwing colors colors colors colors colors colors colors colors with liquids .
in this case , we 've configured three field coils as a field coils , and i can use them to pour paint in the middle , where they 'll be mixed .
if we go too far , we can go a little further .
there are also some nice opportunities in education , like language , mathematics , or mathematics , where we give the possibility of the rapid consumption and the results immediately .
here i am - - this is an audio file i 'm creating with a simple timeline .
it 's a game of words that 's kind of a mix of scrabble and boggle .
basically , you get every round of random letters , and you try to form words , they 're tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new set of skills and new opportunities to try .
thank you .
these are kids who came on a trip to the media lab , and i was able to get them to try try try try try and take a video .
you really loved it .
an interesting thing about this kind of applications is that you don 't have to give a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
there are some people here who are testing it .
that 's our youngest underwater pilot down there on the right .
turns out he was just trying to pile up all the cash boxes .
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive construct .
we were going to develop a special training program .
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by lifting the table from the table that shows this character .
this is where he lets the sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun
the sun sun is rising
now he 's bringing in a tractor .
the orange tractor .
good job !
by shaking the ice caps and laying them next to each other , he can have the characters interact ...
... make up his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it turns out .
flying cat .
the final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final
you have four different variations , you can choose which to use .
and you can put these notes into the sequence that can be arranged in random patterns .
and you eat them by simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply by holding a key to a chain of command .
there are effects that can be changed live , like hall and filter .
you connect him to a certain tone and then you tend him to adjust .
and then even greater effects like speed and volume applied to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we begin by narrowing the motion sensors into two main thrusters and ordering them in a series , expand them and add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add
now i 'm adding a bass .
now i 'm gonna put some drums in it .
and now i connect the filter to the drums so i can do the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by dropping speed one way or the other .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the bass for a little more expression .
i can rearrange the sequence .
it doesn 't mean i have to plan it in advance , but i can improvise , prolong it or shorten it .
and in conclusion , i can block out the entire sequence by leaning to the left .
thank you .
so as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new forms of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and today , i 've had time to give you a piece of this new lab work and the possibilities of what we 're working on in our lab .
the thought that i would like to give you on the path is that we are on the verge of this new generation of interaction with digital media , bringing information into the world that meets our needs .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to you all !
yes , hello .
i 'm happy to be here .
yeah , so , what 's the deal ?
i 'm going to have to swing a little , and i 'm going to have to work on molecular biology .
i 've been studying molecular biology and i 've been studying biology for a few years now , and i started because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , in theory , i learned .
well , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to the matter , like that .
i think that molecular biology is now generally speaking , biotechnology , everything that you count on , synthetic biology and so on ,
the important thing is that now is extremely important , and more importantly , will become more important in the future .
there are so many controversial things like these genetically engineered plants on the planet 's surface .
now there 's craig venter in the pods that 's trying to make hydrogen sulfide , so it 's algae gas .
there are also things that have arrived in everyday life , which most of them are not aware , for example , that allow us to wash at 40 degrees of laundry are also genetically engineered enzymes .
and the list goes on forever .
so , out of the interest in this one , i just went in there .
now what ?
most people know it from the inside .
computers , and then it 's like this in the media , yeah , hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
well , that 's kind of sad for the , you know , because that 's not what she actually started and what 's behind it .
and that 's what started the ' 70s , ' 70s , ' 80s , ' 70s , ' 70s , ' 80s , ' 70s , ' 70s , ' 80s , ' 80s , and that 's what happened .
and it 's about solving a problem with a more creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
and it 's just been done with software , but there 's also a whole software company that does all kinds of freaky stuff .
but it 's also a code , and you can program it and you can hack it , like that , and i can 't believe it , and i just wanted to get in a lot deeper .
that actually only took two thousand really form , these networks .
there 's a lot of " dot dot dot " s , originally from switzerland , that 's with europe and a cooperation in india 's most powerful network , but it has members or active people all over the world now .
but it 's always about finding such a casual access , such a casual way of dealing with it .
and then there 's dot dot dot dot dot , dot , dot , dot .
it 's a network from the networks . it 's actually more of a forum where you meet and discuss .
they 're a little technical , and they 're also a little technical , and they 're also asked and applied .
and based on those networks that made the whole thing popular , there was this scene that i wanted to do a quick portrait .
up here on the left , you can see straight lines , it 's a community center , so basically a school , a private school , community center , where anyone can go .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab , and look at what you can do when these lab rats are on .
down here on the left there 's a group in indonesia , which there 's a lot of them .
longer than those other two networks .
they also occupy themselves in such an artistic aspect of biological materials and , yes , yes , and combine them in a rather mundane way .
and i have a lecture upstairs in the other picture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the subject .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that really unites you is this fascination .
and what to do with it , and what to do with it specifically , to go to society and ask , so , what do you know , what do you want to do with it ?
so , okay , to get biology now , you kind of need material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you normally understand in a lab , they 're kind of freaky machines , extremely expensive , extremely remote , only for university students with ph.d. and stuff .
and our approach was just to say , okay , you don 't really have to do that .
it 's not really necessary , because every single molecule of your brain has actually developed more sophisticated than most of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and s o with the premise of that premise , for example , brian piccolo in england was trying to put together a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
so , who once has a rotten soup that he has left too much has made too much .
then i tried to expand it in my lab , and then i just bought some stuff on ebay and ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran
and this is , uh ... this is , uh ... this is , uh , some kind of a community college for molecular biology .
and yes , well , you can see it 's relatively generic , so there are those who do that at home alone , up to large organisations that are more technically in a more formal form .
and then that was about it , okay , who are we , what do we want , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values and what are our values , our basis ?
and that 's when we worked out some kind of a computer glitch .
it was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , their wishes , and what was moving them , then .
there was , in my opinion , a very good code .
and then we 'll have that it 's not binding , but that 's , yeah , i think it did pretty well , people are pretty sure about that .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't get there .
well , i think we from the university of america are actually a step further than the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects are we doing now ?
a project that i did with the swiss bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank
you can see that down there .
and then we put a pneumatic burn torch in and we took out the laser and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and i 'm afraid that didn 't work out , but we learned a lot about it .
it 's a different project from the french group from paris . it worked .
and he 's got , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , you know , like , like , like , a , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like ,
then he made this helmet there , and it worked in cooperation with the museum .
then the visitors could go in the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you were thinking or what you were thinking , they turned on different lights in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that also has to do with that " fuck " thing , it 's the most complicated word word word word thing .
so , it 's about copying , replicating , reproducing , multiplying fragments , making them visible .
and the machines that do that , they 're pretty expensive , which ones you buy commercial , the cheapest ones go off at 4,000 euros .
and that 's not in the spy business , but it 's a really cool one that can do a lot .
well , that 's just a application of a lot to do with .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but at any rate , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a frame , where it 's clearly being painted .
in my opinion , it 's a very successful hack .
a project i started the other day was to build an oil company .
yeah , it 's like some kind of , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , two inches or so .
you load them on the side of the road , and then you put them in the back , and then i shot the onions , and then i lit them up like this .
so the device you see didn 't work .
but this is , like , my prototype , but it looked pretty awesome on a branch like this , the thing on it , electronics on it and pressure , and that was too high , the thing broke .
and then i took a gps tracker and hooked it up .
if you fill it up with water , it 's got enough pressure , so i think , like , 40 to 400 bars .
and with that , you can speed up the particles strong enough , and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 17,000 euros up or something , about 50 .
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that is , at the moment , that is the nature of the scene to increase its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
because , as in the beginning , it 's an extremely important one , and most people don 't have much of it , and they don 't have a chance to really form up there .
because if you only read about it , out of print , it 's not the same as when you did it or saw it yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to make meaningful decisions in society and want to have a say , you need access to knowledge and knowledge .
and you also have to do it and understand it so you can do it and understand it .
and then this is going to be under the rising open vistas and citizen science .
so that as a citizen , you can deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is the original version of the original characters .
these are the people who at least officially signed up on the web site , web site .
this is a fairly substantial number of worldwide .
and what 's interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
that 's what i think they 're in there , less people than actually exist .
so i know about some people who didn 't sign in .
and these are just the individual people .
partly included in these travel documents , including these places .
and that 's in the beginning .
like i said , it 's only just started .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the ,
and this has now become a giant network of very good , yes , environmental groups represented all over the world .
and , of course , we 're hoping that we 'll spread out in a similar way and then we 'll be connected in a similar way , so that more people can get involved .
and i 'd invite anyone to take a look at it and try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try .
it 's not easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do we people actually work ?
this is one that moves me very much as a designer , but also in the field of experience , and most of all , users .
this is about how you run into people in psychic media so they can create the most stimulating experience possible .
because i believe that in our archaic , cognitive models that have been programmed in our biological memory a very , very long time ago , and that we are able to re-create it through interactive media .
and that 's very amazing , because you actually think that that the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
what are archaic models now ?
i 've written down four letters of recommendation , and i 'd like to briefly explain them .
in the most advanced cognitive models , these are the models we have acquired in the most modern times .
among these models , we are , in principle , naturally , naturally , naturally , naturally , a natural relationship with the borg .
that 's basically unusual for now .
but i 'm going to go over it again , and i 'm going to prove to you by trying to prove to you that you have a natural relationship with the aclu .
the second aspect is that since we have been able to speak very , very figuratively , even though we are now using a more contemporary language .
and the third area is actually explaining itself .
we all know that the neo-liberal media is by definition biased , which includes the denial of the s.e.c. , and which , of course , tells us that today we feel the environmental impact is normal .
the fourth point is that the story for us is one of the most tragic .
how about the one with the most natural thing in the world ?
i 'd like to prove it to you .
how many doors does the house you live in ?
we 're not gonna be able to answer that right off the bat , but here 's what 's gonna happen and is happening right now .
you walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
and that 's exactly what they do .
it 's the reality without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and we try try try try try try try try try try try to make it look like virtual reality is in our reality .
and these assets , the virtual reality , they needed the people in the darkest times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or maybe they didn 't have a history lesson .
they didn 't have mass media .
the only thing they had was their own .
and in this one , the memory played off a little .
in this , knowledge was retrieved , and through these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge was passed along as well .
and that 's why it 's so deeply embedded in us that we can handle the particle fountain so well .
the interesting thing is , if i can take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , man was simultaneously a medium himself .
if you think a little bit more .
what 's media today ?
then they 'll realize there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right to that .
the fundamental tool of the chain gang has always been stories .
shamans , priests , so-called occult scholars , were specially designed to preserve knowledge in stories .
and today we are very , very fond of stories .
according to the author of the book of animal animal , jonathan sidwell , we 're still spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending
that means for a child who has spent most of his life with the front desk of stories .
now we think our love of stories depends on our childhood sitting on our parents ' lap .
no , no , far from it .
it goes back a lot , in the cultures of the more modern times .
but for me , in the field of psychic media as particularly impressive is that we have , per se , anchored in our biological memory , the ability to think beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
i brought you an example from the north american tribe of the south american people .
and the lives lived in the west bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank
and as you can see , this is a very highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
and they did it with what they called a " a " .
you might know that , too , if you 're interested in the australian natives .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have a license plate . they used the ones that were used to be used .
and what 's interesting about it is that the navigation and the locations of the area could be depicted in songs .
although the language was secondary to the highest rank .
it means you get over sounds and rhythm .
and this sound and this rhythm , the geology , the geology of a region , and that , of course , allowed you to sing those songs and sit together like this , to the left , to the right , to the right , and to the back .
but don 't we sing to get from top to bottom ?
not to navigate , anyway .
what happened ?
that 's what happened .
we moved earlier in what was known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known .
it happened , and it happened , and it happened , and it happened .
this is exactly what happened , that we shifted the responsibility for our individual memories and our own production of our memories onto external media .
the book and the picture .
so , alas , we have lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost
we 've become strangers , and reality has nothing to do with reality .
from the service elevator to the emergency room .
what has influences on our thoughts and our memories ?
then these are the most powerful influences in the history of the cultures .
and they have been more and more signed over over over the centuries by the influences of the gemini coven .
that is , instead of remembering us individually , we have shared vast , widespread patterns of memories we can attach to our personal memories .
we don 't produce anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we can no longer imagine things in pictures , not in pictures , but in our image , they will speak our language .
we 're used to things happening linear .
and we have the legal rights as the law , and there are only exceptions , such as the christian democrats .
what we have left is the most precious .
we are still very , very , very , very much under arrest for the espionage act .
this is , what 's next ?
we had the vogt into the camp . we have the penal system , and we are now doing what is known known known known known .
i know .
but these concepts of the office , they bring us these opportunities back to discovering our abilities .
it 's a matter of time , it 's about time . it 's about time .
let me explain .
there are technical concepts such as the existential reality , which means advanced reality .
as crazy as this may sound , of course , in the context of my program , we are physically moving into uncharted virtual worlds , purely by the example of the holodeck .
and another example is the most sophisticated , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can respond intelligently to a human .
all of this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability to accept space travel as a real habitat .
i , in grad school , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and the two latter are here today .
maybe you can get up for a second so they can talk to them about the project during recess .
and i brought this project as an example of how it is addressed to this archaic cognitive models again .
this is a game , i must say .
which , of course , is highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
and when i say any kind of computer game , you 're probably looking at people outside of any consoles or playing with any console in your hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
in any case you do .
it 's a game for the outside .
and this is specifically designed to detect the outside world , so i 'm discovering the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce to the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you can explain it a lot better . there 's more to it than that .
and it 's about me discovering a city by looking at it that was tweeted positive or negative in places .
and so i get a very different look from the city , a completely different impression , which i see negative and positive zones of a city , and i get a virtual map of a very real city .
and we can look at that now .
ah , what you can see here , excuse me , is another little piece of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i have been asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked
he won 't do that .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but so far i 'm just curious .
yeah , kids are naturally curious or should be curious , so are designers .
well , i 'm just a part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time part-time
it 's a whole series of things to be concerned with next to the actual existence of a human being .
when professors get curious , they get into one of those college professors .
and that 's what i 've had in the last six months .
it 's a feature about natural user interface design .
now you 're going to ask yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
and i only hold one of these little devices up because things are always supposed to get more and more natural , more natural , and you just have to look , which which is natural to us people , which which , which which which which , which is , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , of course , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which , which ,
so i 've been dealing with it , when is natural or intuitive .
might have to take another look .
does that even happen ?
so if we look at the development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
so from the modern to the top of the world .
every society is defined by a love triangle .
in the beginning , we had a language lesson .
it means that you found yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
but the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn too , so no infant can speak from nature , but we learn to speak it reasonably and relatively naturally .
this was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
that was a very good one then , because , of course , you started to manifest the living language in the form of writing , which means what is fluid and alive , i start and work it in stone and so i manipulate it .
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , of course , it 's a reporting , as if one exists alive .
but then , in the end , gotetsu drew this .
then came the next generation we actually live in today .
that 's the print with gutenberg ink and others .
in those days , it was just as offensive , where clergy , clergy , and clergy say , " are you insane when the people start reading , then they want to talk about it later , and that is , of course , fatal .
we get confused , of course , because on one side we see the new media , social media , facebook and so on .
and these two worlds are banging on each other , new and old thinking .
the interesting thing about it is , when you look at this , this new society , these energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
now , not on the local level , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that ecology is a global issue .
not when i think locally ecologically , and the neighbor is thinking less ecologically , it doesn 't work anymore .
it means that the local village has actually become a global village with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the way you knew back in the village who was involved with whom and when , that 's how it happens these days , even the expansion of our mobile home on a global level .
it 's that we accumulate knowledge global and accumulate faster and faster .
just like it happened in the village .
from the background , i was just busy looking , what does it mean , what is natural to us , what have we lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost
because people often come , they can 't do it properly so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , what does that mean , and not just change it , that it is , but it 's supposed to get better .
and then you start to study and study and the topic of perception and reality .
and , of course , that 's something you start and look and say , now i just look inside .
what 's it look like in there ?
so how do we work if we look in there ?
and what actually means natural , intuitive , and how do our channels of perception work and how does cognitive processing process work ?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig deeper to understand how it works .
so you really have to look in detail when i want to do something profound or intuitive , which , what does that mean in the core ?
and seeing how we process information , how do we pick up information ?
what 's information ?
information is the difference that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
a lot of people use the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
but i must understand in essence , in essence , when information becomes information , when will data and information be known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
and , of course , how does design influence perception .
so much more natural , in a jar , but i can kind of see where it is , salt and pepper in it .
and when i tell someone , give me salt or pepper , he 'll think of something .
and by the left , just grab it intuitive , and then hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , pass the salt .
but even our perception , how is it deceiving us ?
like that perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the small one , although that 's not the case , but they 're the same size , and yet our perception changes , depending on what context we put things in .
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
we should still be able to get a transporter lock .
it 's more like my glasses .
it 's a circle .
a second circle starts to associate certain similarities to gender equality .
that 's what they call " a " or " a " or " a " or " a " that affects us in perception .
it 's important to the teachers union , they usually do it in the first semester , the great college kids .
the closeness , continuity of continuity and all .
often in third , forgotten again .
but that 's an integral part of being able to make things as intuitive as possible .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting .
well , it sounds pretty trite , but it 's exciting when you get closer to it .
so we have eyes in the front , and now they think we 're looking in the back .
that 's not right .
you 'll see from behind to forward .
because you 're projecting an assumption that you see something that you recognize , a circle that you recognize .
that means we 'll only see ours before we see it bring it back to the back of our heads to say ,
i got some sort of cognitive impairment , you got something you want to see .
that 's there too . it 'll come back .
then it 'll go back to the front , because the back door won 't trust the front and say , " look again and see if what you see is what you want to see . "
and then it goes back , and then it 's actually only seen .
so it 's a very , very exciting process , how certain things go and how these things happen to people .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i just described happening .
now everyone is trying to see something out of this pattern .
i don 't know who knows what .
anybody see anything in particular ?
a dalmatian , that 's right .
if i ever saw that there was a dalmatian in there , you know that .
you 'll never forget it because i 'll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
and now they see him all the time .
that means i 've actually spoiled you by not recognizing a pattern in there anymore , but i 've conditioned you to see that dog in this two-dimensional image over and over again .
and this is the projection of the feedback , feedback , see .
now i know , and now i 'm pointing out that i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
it 's not really gray , but it happens here in this ...
anybody know what three seconds is ?
long , yeah .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know something takes three seconds before i can , as it were , from the present to the chamber of commerce , i can also bypass a very good waiting period where i can always manage someone with three seconds .
he 'll have to process that as a present .
then it goes back to the past , and so i have a very elegant wait on the computer , for example , when i know this phenomenon .
what takes 25 milliseconds ?
yeah , milliseconds .
it 's also a fascinating phenomenon .
that 's the time you fall in love .
that means , be careful , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at , because i don 't take a gun for what can happen .
sixteen milliseconds including a thrilling phenomenon .
this is the period of most of the perceptions we have .
that means that first impression happens at a rapid rate of speed , how we perceive things .
and as we see things that we look out for , and as we so as to protect ourselves against our environment , so that we can consider that .
of course , it 's not just the subject of sensory perception and neural pathways or sensory perception , but primarily the subject of the brain matter .
so how does a person deal with certain things ?
once there are practical functions , such as formal aspects or formal aspects .
i know exactly where to reach .
but there are also symbolic functions , there is one for such a small pouch , where hardly anything fits anyway , so rich in money , even though it 's not practical ?
it 's more like a symbolic gesture , the one that we deal with as a family member .
back to my original subject of natural user interface and the subject , of course , which , of course , is the subject .
it always means , how can i reach a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a specific area be effective , efficient , and satisfying .
that 's the norm .
how can i do something as simple as that ?
i could use a manual or i could use a proper training .
and it 's a little less of a headache , or less of a headache .
the only thing i do is make this and make it more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's better to be more beautiful .
you have to understand that .
however , intuitive energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
why ?
because we are usually by this new type of user , so the natural user , which , for example , five times faster on our target .
you have to imagine that if you 're doing something of the classic spy software , you need five hours , and with this new type of natural software , you only need one .
that doesn 't mean you 'll probably be allowed to go home four hours earlier , but your employer or anyone will come to you as he employs you with the four hours .
but what i 'm trying to say is that , of course , it is an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
if we go back to the software area , the first command line interfaces , which were very abstract , where it took months to deal with these systems .
and then the next show , which came up with a neural model or mental model like the software users , which works , which means you have a metaphor , the metaphor of a desktop to harness the computer .
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic codes , but a metaphor .
the whole thing has been a lot worse , but it 's much better .
the next generation of the most violent offenders work a lot more with behavior .
well , that 's where i make the behavior more often than the looks .
it 's also one of those little things .
that suddenly i 'm suddenly less and less interested .
and then when i step one more step into this natural users interfaces where i , by voice , by touch , by touch , by touch , by gesture , and no longer by mouse , and then i 'm even faster and even more immediate .
which brings me back to the point , when are things actually gonna get screwed up ?
if you 're going to be more forthcoming , and then i have to push my little friend back here and look , what does that mean , from the point of view , when is anything really intuitive ?
and it 's always a little intuitive for us people when i have to think about it as little as possible .
so apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he wants to make it relatively easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
the less i sort of think about it , the more it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that is , if we look at the fact that we can transmit existing energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
it means that i can just transfer an interactive human genome into a software and make the software more sophisticated .
of course , she 's turning herself in , what 's the most important thing about us people , and now i 've betrayed it .
that 's what they call the " family business . "
that 's what every one of us uses , and each of us is an acronym , and it stands for direction , learning , learning .
that 's what each of you does all the time , but he does it subconsciously and , yes , intuitive or partially instinctive .
the model becomes a member of the mother 's womb and is a member of the family , so it works in the world , young and old , and is used by us all the time , without most people knowing that this model is present .
there 's about 50 or 50 times in each of us depending on activity , so in our sleep , they 've found that it 's gonna take less toll than a day .
i 'm now able to get this mental state of mind , travel information , travel data , transfer it to a computer system .
and through that kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the poem , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a musical instrument , a musical instrument .
and this is on a higher grail of healing powers than the transmission of a classic metaphor , namely , the healing process .
then i can transmit the whole thing .
i 'm going to try try try try try out a little .
everybody ate cake .
overview : now , so to speak , i can zoom in with the object .
i get the whole picture , i can filter this , and i can say , just show me all the chocolate stuff , for example .
and i have an interface , which is significantly more invasive and much more natural .
i want to help you find a very specific aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity can 't be learned .
that 's why everyone who 's here and are curious is indeed people who have a quality you can 't learn .
i 'm about to put practically this whole doomsday thing , the end of the world , 40 years of it into quality .
and there 's a central point .
and it 's attached to phosphorus .
give pee chance .
every day , they give an extra two grams of phosphorous each day and each day they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
they can 't have teeth if they don 't .
they can 't save power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power .
they can 't have bones .
all we could do is slip through the oceans as a qatal mollusks .
unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless
amazingly , it 's just that we 're dealing with something that 's actually quite reasonable , but it 's not .
because everyone 's talking about power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power but no one 's talking about it .
the blood pressure is much critical .
we depend on two countries .
we only have phosphorus for two years , and now , with the nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
over the last 20 years alone , the uranium has been distributed throughout our fields in germany .
and we record it all .
it 's leukemia for kids .
and we think we 'll protect the environment if we 're a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , conserve less energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy .
that 's not protection .
it 's like if i said protect your child , only hit it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from cradle to grave , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later .
to think from cradle to cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the floor first .
in the ground , over 60 % of the core is stored .
right now , we 're growing corn , and we 're losing between 11 and 30 pounds of 30 tons per acre , or the square meter .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than newly formed .
of course , we can look at the family portrait .
and everything is packaging or contents .
for example , in animal parts , 20 % of the brain cells are now diapers .
and because we 're getting older , the diapers get bigger .
that 's all of them , so to speak , in the main chamber .
yeah ?
a baby needs , like , three diapers .
of course , we could reduce that by ten percent , but what does that do ?
that 'll settle in china in a second .
it 's nothing .
so , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here 's proof by the way that men aren 't pigs .
i 'll tell you .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs over the solid ingredients of excrement .
people over urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because that 's taken , right ?
traditionally , we think in the history department , there are too many in the world .
and when you tell the people that if you give people a chance to exist , if they say it 's better if you 're not there , they become more ruthless and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , says there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save earth .
it says here the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first one is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could get termites , too , but in the united states , no one likes termites when they 're vegetarian .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they work a lot harder physically than we do , and because they only live three to six months , they match their weight in the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
that means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can only be more destructive if you don 't exist , right ?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a fallen tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
so all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
no tree is cut .
not to , eh ?
there 's no spring wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
there are still 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
have you ever heard of a tree trunk ?
that means all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and where you can see , even with something like a farming community , yes , farming community , does not allow our own farming to go back .
for years , we lose three tons of phosphorous that would really have to go back to cobalt .
and we 're too many .
over there alone .
it means that we feel so guilty on earth that we say there is no such thing as a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
it certainly makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it 's about having a big footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for the society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's the best thing not to be there , right ?
- yes .
the only way you can have it is if you 're not there .
even if they were to shoot themselves now , they would have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we 're doing farming in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
directly , we can get nutrients back in agriculture that way .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the garbage directly .
in china , a chamber pot is called a chamber pot tonight , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that means that the whole western hemisphere is based on the fact that the city has only ever taken but never returned anything to the peasants .
it made the cities grow more and more , because the farmers went into the cities and the cities had to take away their nutrients .
that 's why all the western empires have expanded until they don 't have the infrastructure anymore , and then they implode .
yeah ?
in china , it was different .
you have over 5,000 years of civilization because you 've always been able to bring the nutrients back .
even today , when you 're invited invited even invited invited invited invited invited invited invited have dinner in china , you expect expect expect expect expect expect expect to stay until you go to the toilet .
because it 's rude to go and take the nutrients .
they 've been invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited have them over for dinner .
that means you can see how to get the nutrients back .
and the great thing is that crime rate in the favelas is down 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , to be as little as possible .
we can support you to be good .
of course , that 's a lot of money , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they 're designed by the design a farmer can just farm .
that means that 's how the security guards go back .
and none of these sites , we have now built over government buildings in the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw in a liter of hydrogen peroxide and then the facility would be ruined for years .
it 's not happening .
that means we don 't have to control people , to be as little as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we have to get phosphorous back .
and by the way , if you want to do something about it , write a note , in germany is best suited for all of the special projects in frankfurt .
i 'm sorry , but maybe you can help out with that .
because the frankfurt facility could best reclaim the phosphorous .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphorous is really critical .
and we can see that it works .
we 've been in holland for over three years now .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world to produce phosphorus .
but we need it all .
you see , there are two countries that control nearly 70 % of the world 's nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
there 's a bunch of nazi zombies there .
these are 26 countries that control 40 % of the population .
and the oil we will replace will be replaced by other parts .
but they won 't be able to replace the phosphorus .
it 's not about making the existing one a little less , it 's about doing something right .
and most of all , to ask what 's right .
it means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it 's easier to understand because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you 've annoyed her , and you come with 50 roses .
inefficient .
but completely effective , yes ?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats approximately six pounds of her life .
on it .
that 's not exactly scientifically accurate , because we don 't know how much exposure .
but even with this lighting , i can tell you , it 's completely inefficient , but totally effective , yes ?
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
that 's why we don 't need to be more efficient .
asking what 's right ?
not to burn the garbage can a little better , and to burn it with it , and to lose the materials for gasoline in the incinerator , but to ask first , how do you close heating ducts ?
think of mozart as efficient .
yeah ?
when i ask her out for dinner and say , yes , there is a pill of orange juice and a glass of water .
beautiful ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
when you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means all that matters in life is not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
the whole fucking thing .
we 'll tell them , oh , yeah , you guys don 't have a southern accent .
no , throwing away is just the thing , right ?
in any place you throw away , from , yeah , you can go back to selling selling .
but the wrong wrong things .
if you throw away the wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
as we think from the north .
there 's every footprint prejudicial .
if they run , yes , every footprint destroys the floor .
because the ground will kill the moose and the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
but if they 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it 's about creating a big footprint that 's gonna be a giant footprint .
don 't look back .
we say sustainability in germany .
yeah ?
but if i do , how are you doing with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say my condolences , yes ?
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , give up , avoid .
every drop is nutrient .
and it 's a bit of a pleasure to see people in italy kick out of the car in the middle eastern bow .
because , you know , it 's a process of elimination .
it 's kind of like a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , uh , sort of a , sort of a , sort of a , sort of a , sort of a , sort of , sort of , sort of a , sort of , sort of a , sort of a , sort of a ...
you can , i was there .
but with the right design , fine .
we , for example , have developed a spinal fluid at room temperature .
you can throw them out where you go and stand .
in two hours , she 'll be all over the place .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing away , they contribute to the food supply .
that means we 're useful , no less harmful .
so there are two sets of twins .
i don 't want it all to be the same .
a tv or a washing machine , they just use it , they don 't use it .
it 's just the things , the things , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we only talk about the biological systems .
yeah ?
like the sneakers , right ?
direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company make these products successful .
because we don 't make things free anymore .
yeah ?
well , if i ask you out to dinner and say it 's free from chicken , it won 't do you any good .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
affirmative .
so it 's not like we 're having a party .
not toxic .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first pair of shoes that you can use to put the rubber on the side of the bed and the rubber in biological cells , right ?
all of it is pure and simple .
and , of course , if we succeed , we will be able to do the nike , the nike , and mauritz and mauritz and the whole business .
and that 's half of all the world 's most toxic waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste .
that 's why you 're helping out with the , uh , questions questions questions questions questions questions question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
hey , cougar , are you guys really serious ?
because they 've changed the ceo twice now .
and i 'm not so sure you 're really sticking around .
so help me with this .
but i can .
yeah .
the one that was just painted .
that 's fine .
we can do things now so that when they break in , when they break break in , they can go into biological cells .
technical difficulties are the same .
there 's a direct access code for this .
this is the first ecological backpack , actually , designed to go back in the cycle .
you can get things back in any shop .
if you can think of that , yes ?
remember the diaper ?
if it 's garbage right now .
there are these diapers everywhere everywhere .
in the countries where people come to money .
over there on the south side , but also in the countryside .
yeah ?
alone when you take this diaper , you chop , sterilize , and use the powder to plant trees .
that 's how the baby is born for life .
well , we don 't have to be proactive , we can be proactive .
it 's , like , a partial print print release .
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
in the meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime , there 's a lot of people working there and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go to , anyone who can join .
so no more saving , giving up , avoiding , reducing , not a loss of life , but an intelligent waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the master .
music as language .
in the description of my description , it is written that i , as a translator , as a translator , so in english language , i understand .
we are the translator of the written notes into sound music .
translating from german into english can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it 's strange to the layman , but what we musicians do with our language skills .
first , as a top student , i only have the written notes .
i 'm sure you think that the composer in the notes has written everything that he has imagined .
actually , the notes are very vague and inaccurate .
these grades are roughly as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , although it appears to be a very accurate description of a landscape .
for in this verbal trance , the scent of flowers is not to be smelled , but to anticipate the degrees of the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
that means that the ministry of culture has to translate this information from the press into a concrete , concrete , concrete , carbon dating .
today , i would like to translate what i translate musically into a verbal language .
so basically a translation of the translation .
so i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be tantamount to translating the translation .
so the music works for me like the spoken language .
it has the function of the letters in the writing .
so it 's not enough to just learn to read notes and press the appropriate buttons on the piano or the right spot on a piano bench .
because that 's just the letters you learned to paint .
you can 't tell the meaning of the letters until you can speak the language .
thus , the learning process of music requires at least as long as the spoken language .
there 's also a question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
the work of the jade scorpion begins similar to the work of a peasant .
after you first picked a play to play because you 're excited about it , you start looking at the composition of the composition .
they 're gathering information about the play in the music hall .
you read in the letters , journals , notes or words , thoughts of the composer .
you study the works he composed before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reasons to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
i 'm interested .
you think yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
but in time , you have a rich knowledge of the composer you play often , and it always makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
the composer is becoming more and more of a friend to live with .
his desire to write the piece becomes more and more my personal desire to play it .
now that the notes represent everything but a record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record
in my own words , what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing video games , what these sounds could mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what they could mean to him today .
every sound , every phrase it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
it has to be right for me here and now , otherwise i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's a very happy concert every now and again , if i may have the experience , the play that i have worked so long in advance to see as new .
how to relive a happy new day , even though with the rituals of life , get up , get up , go to work , i also get to live the same thing over and over again .
i 've grown another day , changed seasons , my pulse is slower at night than in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for sound to come back than home .
i perceive the audience 's breathing , consciously or unconsciously .
it affects me , and it also affects my experience with the composition .
what 's wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
then the same thing happens in a good , meaningful conversation .
you bring in a new idea , and at once it is answered with a response .
it 's exciting because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and that you can 't rehearse .
it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
that 's a different concert .
i will never play like this again .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
i 'll have more life experience than i have today , and therefore , on my palette , i will have much more experience of emotion and sensations than today .
well , i 'm sure i 'll have to have thrown out some of the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word won 't be able to do that .
have a nice specific example .
it was at a music festival for students at my beloved old teacher , professor jürgen popescu , a well-known concert pianist and long-time professor of the conservatory here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was still too young , so he was a graduate student when i finally started studying .
but i was very , very young to meet him when i was 13 and so i went to school in his classes .
i was 17 at the time when i took one of his classes and played the last of the four ballads of chopin , a jazz club .
" he asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to know and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to know
this is such a tricky part .
and in my line of work , i said , anticipation .
and he said , " what ? "
that must be the age difference .
because to me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
well , when you 're seventeen , you still have dreams , but not important memories .
i play the play every few years over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
sometimes it 's exciting because i keep reading something new .
one example from a completely different area , and monet has painted the paint on the wall .
it 's always the same garden , but at a different time of day , with a bright light .
he was translating the uncensored , same as he saw you , the way you looked at him right now .
it 's his personal favorite of the free mars colony .
the most eloquent interpretation of a play is similar to that .
i 'm also older than chopin at 32 years old when he wrote the play .
he 's only lived a year and a half .
and it 's important to me to look back into the grades , even if i think i know them by heart .
to keep the music , straight with the composer .
because the grades are the only link directly to him .
especially when he died .
well , how do you start speaking the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as the spoken language .
sometimes the music lessons are so you learn to read the notes .
you practically learn to read before you even speak a word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
then when all the fingers are in time and the right way it is in the notes , then sounds come out together sound like music .
if this is done correctly , the student will be able to open the play .
there 's not much going on about interpretation .
all right , there 's presto ahead , that 's a quick play .
lento , slowly .
according to and out , f and b , et cetera .
most people here know that .
but even if you follow that information , it 's still just a little technical .
and it 's still no interpretation .
i wonder .
i can 't help but wonder that you often forget something completely different .
that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical and feel it should be there first .
the singing .
a child who didn 't learn to sing , because the parents didn 't pretend , won 't do it by themselves .
it 's like being in a movie .
it is necessary to have its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
people who never sang never immediately felt with the body what it 's like to make a sound .
a phrase with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal chords to sing , our hands and feet feet to dance .
that 's how the piano plays the sequel to my fingers .
the melody is made from the song and the rhythm of the dance .
it 's not conducive to music these days .
you don 't have to make music when you get bored .
no more need to whistle or sing a song .
every music you get knocked down by the outside .
i 'm sure there are some among you who say yes , but what do you do when i can 't sing ?
you can 't sing because you don 't think you can sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for both of them to start figuring out if they can 't , or learn how to use those little muscles that adjust the vocal cords properly .
you can train that .
or c , because you 've been cleared to be unfit .
since i , how technically competent was this diagnosis ?
did you pick up a diet coke or something , as they say these days ?
or d , they don 't like music and they don 't want anything to do with it .
but i would regret it , because music is a beautiful thing .
but maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , no one has to be a losing candidate .
but don 't tell me i don 't know anything about classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or not .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can say whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone 's saying i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
well , you don 't give up food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me if you like it or not .
whether the music is too steep or too sweet .
say what you feel .
over time , they also claim and want to add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add
now i ask from my audience that it actively listens ?
because the music is a language and a language is for communicating .
a work of art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art ?
the food that was lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook must be eaten and not just watched or exchanged recipes .
so listen to me when a music is played please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please listen to me .
she 's not just a nice lady friend .
when in an environment where adults do music , or at least actively listen to music , grow up a child , it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
can you play it in blue now ?
and the child plays , after a fashion show , instead of a red flower now a blue .
and this sounds different than before .
that was the first beginning of a musical expression .
so the first step towards interpretation .
and what happens when you play a piece today that was originally written a hundred , 200 or even 300 years ago ?
meanwhile , the instruments have changed .
there was no piano playing bach at the time .
it was just not invented yet .
i think the creek would have been thrilled if he had the most modern pianos in the world .
i can make the water bowl the brook used to make it sound on the modern wing , which a harpsichord can 't .
even beethoven knows he heard more than he went deaf .
today , a modern orchestra will be able to play anything an orchestra from back then turned down as its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
that 's why the composers have to rely on us to make up the pieces .
so they can be heard , which by their minds .
and what they 're thinking today in spirit .
or what i was thinking today , because what you might have thought .
thank you .
you know what envy is ?
were you jealous once ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a car .
when i come along with my little v and stand next to me , that feeling will come .
something 's coming through my head .
what do you need a big car for ?
in the first year , it loses half its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and anyway , you work a lot less than me .
why do i have to afford such a small car ?
and then i suddenly remembered , it 's not fair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
our organism has created a great way to make such unpleasant feelings like jealousy disappear .
you can try with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i 'd like to explain something to you today with this mechanism , or something that you 're unaware of .
the mechanism came from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you might have heard when people say no one wants to build a wall .
and then they cut rocks off to block their sight .
on a lie like that , you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
he 's only fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has something to do with you deceiving yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself .
you need this lie to maintain a baseline , to maintain a baseline .
it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
you need time .
this is an anecdote you might know about .
the spanish painter pablo picasso has once identified a woman .
this woman complained afterwards , the portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso answers , just wait .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
at this point , and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is and how much time they need to know something that artists can tell us very well .
because artists have a problem with lying .
the artist tells you something , and especially this lady that she doesn 't see when she just looks in the mirror .
the artist tells you something in a portrait like this that you 'll be familiar with only when you look at this work of art .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you , and it becomes more and more like you .
here you have this mechanism that allows us to use the lie as a great invention to stabilise our defenses .
and not only in art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
you might know this idea of the lady who looked everyone in the mirror tomorrow and asked asked the most beautiful in the country .
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a nicer one .
behind the seven mountains and all .
and you also know how much hostility from this information , even the mirror can 't lie from this information .
but we should just familiarize ourselves with the fact that you can 't tell a woman there 's a prettier one somewhere .
this is where it is necessary to put what we understand under selective attack patterns over and over again .
we need that lie in this place that gives us the illusion we can 't live without .
we have not only in art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
and there 's this story about the wife of the bishop of dorstadt .
she heard about this book of charles darwin , the origin of species and the origins of man .
that man should be descended from the apes and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor among humans and apes .
and then she ran ran ran ran she ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran to her husband and said , " that 's not true , what charles is writing . "
man shall have descended from a monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it is true , then we must prevent people from knowing about it .
do we have to prevent people from getting knowledge of something when it 's true ?
because we can 't live without these fucking pills .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we must prevent people from knowing things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism dissolves and how the marks it leaves , which lead to something other than this great image of us , i want to add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
he 's a trained student .
she especially likes him because he has a penchant for honesty .
what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and because i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested .
yes , they feel it when they 're cheerful in this place .
i told my wife that every time a man in a moral justification uses the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
do that once , and you 'll know the sentence .
even though i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested .
you see , that is the real truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
for a little boy who doesn 't care .
he 's interested .
but there are no clubs to look for , where to learn how to make fire .
the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he signed up .
and besides , you don 't tell your teacher that you like to set fires somewhere and be happy when the fire comes out .
no , it just looks a lot better when we 're in charge of clearing out the dangers , which they can do when they set fire .
here 's this little mechanism .
that note about how deep down the boy knew he was actually related to fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
that 's just how we use those words that we use in the language of politically correct code over and over again .
actually , we know something else is the case .
but we know when we say this , social conditions are very fragile .
we can 't just do this .
it 's impossible to present such things in a society that should work .
i want to tell you what we found at my institute .
by what logic , this deception , the willingness , a reality that we know in the unconscious , is valid to spread out .
i 'd like to present you with two , maybe three examples .
the first example implies what many of you know and some of you appreciate , very few of you don 't .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the spirit is something of the mind , says something of the mind .
and from this soul , they now think that somehow in this unnatural nature , in this primeval nature , anima it is in the latin , the latin , the latin , gift .
and then when that demon 's heart is overflowing with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , yes with soul .
and then he can run away .
that 's the way the soul works .
so she 's supposed to go from the outside to the human .
so we 're supposed to perceive them as something that is absolutely essential to our lives .
and if you have this condition before your eyes , then you understand the logic that we are experiencing to improve our world through a lie .
because now you can apply a standard procedure .
you know , you know , from school .
this is now a time machine that describes logic .
that 's the hardest part of my talk , by the way .
you need some logic here , but you also need the willingness to lie .
to lie so that you can just use that logic wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong .
there are three sentences in this paper .
the first sentence is that klaus claims there is no soul .
so the second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third sentence .
i especially highlighted it here .
a third sentence that immediately appears at people with strong feelings for a soul .
they say if you don 't have a soul , you 're dead and can 't do anything .
and here you feel it .
here comes this logic in this , yes , in this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
you 'll see .
the first two sentences , they 're logical .
because i can do anything .
logic doesn 't make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , then the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm not right , then the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what 's true .
i can do anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , then it 's true .
so if klaus says there 's no soul .
second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
these things are logically correct .
and now , our spirit senses immediately , that can be made .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and who acts as if the opposite of the first sentence is proven and provided .
because , in fact , we 'd have to prove whether there 's a soul or not .
but with that logic that it simply uses , that two sentences are logical , and a third amendment that looks like he had something to do with it , so we can save our own .
so , we pretend it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can continue these things in different ways .
in the present , we have a very modern example that keeps filling the water supply .
in that case , you must remember another philosophical issue , a philosophy professor , present .
this has to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there was a scholar by the name of john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john john
the stubborn donkey is an ass made of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's such a big deal .
and if you place the exact one in the middle between two hemispheres , he 'll starve .
because he doesn 't know what haystack to go to first .
so he 's right in the middle .
this is what we 're talking about .
the forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces
nothing happens .
only if you make another example , so if she makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
automatically it goes to the right thought .
if you have this idea that in nature you are driven somehow , driven by the larger bunch that dress you immediately , then you also quickly feel that there must be something like free .
and even if we are here in frankfurt on main , then i am on the main floor of the coal mine .
there 's a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes you say , wolf singer says there 's no such thing .
now we can go back to the second set and say , if wolf singer is right , then he has no idea .
these sentences are perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
and what we can read in the daily newspaper , you 'll find in this third sentence .
it looks like if you don 't have an immunity agreement , you can 't be held responsible for your actions and your claims , and he 's certifiable .
here it is again .
in fact , you 'd have to prove if there was such a thing as a ...
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence was wrong in the first place , as if , of course , we must accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do anything yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
practice this , for example , when you meet a person you can then tell , there is no such thing as an escape .
and don 't use the german word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
you can 't call it that . it 's a little politically incorrect .
tell them there 's no escape route .
right now , they 're going to find out who , of course , has such a history of violence , you can 't prove it .
and you have a problem .
because you 're busy making yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
he 's happy because he fooled you .
because he led them onto a trail where he didn 't even bother himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
all he cares about is keeping himself out of the way ... before the need to prove that there are any problems .
so , in the way of the shifting of the evidence , you experience the awesomeness of the lie .
and once again , if you have a chance to feel that pain in the ass with other people , do it , because you 'll make them happy if that way , you don 't remind them of their pain in the ass .
thank you for your attention .
yes , hello .
i took the liberty of asking lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the top executives here at this event , and she asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to see me and asked to give my idea .
i have to say , you know , you got it all worked out , and it was hard to talk about my idea at first .
and i would like to maybe introduce my favorite client that i 'm trying to introduce you .
but it is , of course , the sum of many , many ideas .
and i ended up in berlin in the middle of the eighties because i wanted to make renewable energies and i didn 't have that in the 1980s .
that 's when they had the most expensive designer clothes .
they were all called " the night of the war . "
they 're called " the spectator " today .
'cause a good engineer either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either , you know , build a great car or make a fortune .
but , you know , it was like a stupid , stupid , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty , shitty place to come out of a hundred watts of the square meter .
and in berlin , there was a crazy spy novel .
i 'm grateful to the chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief
but that 's not what happened in the ' 50s .
it was in kreuzberg , where one of them was sitting in kreuzberg , where they suspected evil .
but it was called solar power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
and yes , a lot of what was said today touched me deeply because many , many beautiful words were there that i had lived through .
i 've worked in the collective for 11 years , and that was unforgivable .
we were 20 people .
it deals with bullshit .
and i put up with it until the end of the year , and then , together with friends , i became the co-founder of the company , who then became one of the world 's largest financial institutions .
and i brought you a project i 'd like to introduce you to .
and the title of the field goal was how to get 100 % renewable .
and we were just starting to ask with a relatively straightforward story , where could you put a memory properly today ?
on this island , this is the island of galilee .
yeah , that 's the data .
there are four and a half thousand people .
they have a 15 percent renewable power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
and which is , you no longer have what ?
it just can 't be technologically .
if they push more of each other , the system will fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility .
they always say why ?
we have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
it 's not true , we have seven percent in europe and our net is physically seen in europe .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the problems people on this island .
it was easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
how big a battery would have to be to bring an island like this to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 % renewable .
and yes , i 'm going to do another slide .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
by the way , about a hundred gigawatts of electric energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
that 's the equivalent of a hundred field goals , because it goes everywhere everywhere .
the world 's nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
that 's fast .
you put it like that .
and then it usually looks that way .
there are always three of them , two waiting .
yeah , that 's how one sees down there is the burden .
we also got very detailed data .
and the backup systems or the power power power control or whatever it is , it 's usually a backup system or a system that can only be used in small amounts .
our goal was simply to say , okay ,
the diesel will be back-up and the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
and if you want to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
that is , in that moment , you must see that the renewable energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
of course , the only way they can do that is if they 're managed got any way they can manage here .
no one 's ever done that before .
it 's in a little style , so you can use a razor on a small electric shaver in the car .
people are always asking me , what are you doing there ?
it works .
but if you want them to build a wide web , it will be very complicated .
it 's gonna be one hell of a day that , then , hydrogen , methane , power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
you 're gonna have to go to a field trip , and you 're gonna have to go out there , and you 're gonna have to go out , and you 're gonna have to go out , and you 're gonna have to go out , and you 're gonna make more like , uh ,
we just wanted to know what happened to a normal , functioning battery .
how far can you get ?
and then we did a whole lot of simulations .
those were the initial calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
that 's right , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average american when the average rate rises five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the regulars .
what would all have to be done ?
negotiating with investors , looking for new business partners .
we were only five people then to rebuild society .
and here 's the presentation again .
the brown is the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a fuel supply is because we 're still doing 20 % of diesel fuel and we can 't penetrate the other stuff .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we want to be supportive , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we decided to build a place in berlin where we can , in a way , accurately map the island 's electrical conditions on the scale of one to three .
that means we 've been looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here it is .
it comes naturally from asia , in the case of japan .
and in the 1970 's , it was developed at the bbc mannheim today , and then it was developed to the japanese .
it 's a very , very large battery .
she has a power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
and then put them up .
over here , we simulate the entire electrical system , the wiring coils , so to speak , the power power power power power power power grid .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also upload 200 kilowatts of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
here we see this again , the diesel , here we go again , the individual pods .
and what we 've been doing since rush hour , the hall was then finished until today , basically everything here between the individual system of electronics , to develop software , we did .
so , we 're not a corporate group , but we define ourselves as a company that stands between the battery and the grid and everything in between .
of course , you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate to the grid , and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of the matter is that on this island , you can basically get all the things you want to get ahead of yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
so , this whole discussion , how it 's going to go right now , how it 's going to go down on the island , for example , for 25 to 30 % , so we 've got the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
we 'll have to make a deal .
so , you know , like , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , uh , a , a , uh , uh , a , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a
you know , on the island , we can start by blending in , you know , rock bands , you can manage the weight .
that is , if you 're 70 % renewable , you won 't be able to do that without memory .
you know , you can do that by extension of the nets , but you 'll never be able to complete the memory .
and that 's the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at this place because you can see the problems you 're having .
if we turn off the diesel , then you don 't have the most powerful mass that causes a certain kind of inertia in the net .
and our european sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
we look into this net , we see the fifty hertz , and when it comes down to it , comma nine hertz , we catch a couple of open up , then a little steam goes in , then we come back up .
that 's the system .
and of course , it 's incredibly lazy .
if you want to pull this off , it 'll take a while .
spin reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the grid steady .
and in time , they can respond differently .
if you don 't have that anymore , that mass of yours , then you 'll have to replace it with a pair of rubber gloves and rubber gloves .
and we can use that big battery for two milliseconds .
then you can see what a tremendous amount of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and the message is now , we must dispense with these spinning masses , if we so as to say our goals , twenty , twenty percent , twenty , twenty , thirty , thirty percent , and so on , if we want to reach them at all ,
then we need to dismantle our neural capacity on the net .
simply means the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power is working to hold the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a time right now , 'cause we can 't , or we can 't , because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can dismantle the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , by bringing the memory into the net .
fortunately , there are a lot of studies now .
and that 's why people always come and watch our favorite movie on the , like , our favorite movie .
and , yes , the discussion is always about the , how far you can get ahead of yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
and many discussions i 've had in the past six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had in the last 30 years on the topic of conversation .
we can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's bullshit , we 've been counting on it , we never do .
we have 30 gigawatts of electricity in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i 'm just assuming that for the next 30 years , we 'll have the same capacity to store the same amount of data in the world .
easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
there 's gonna be a whole lot of fighting and fighting .
the beauty of it is that in the past two years , i 've experienced scientists taking my side .
we 've been getting over ten radio signals by now , and now we 've got to get to the german network .
this will happen next april .
so from that point , you can also see that there is a change and from that defense to yes , to the , a hundred percent renewable is true .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , then that 's like an untapped system .
so far , in discussions , they 're always trying to buy food , they have their own little network , which has nothing to do with our bond .
it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
then they just use up what 's left of the sun sun sun sun sun , the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
and that 's a little bit of our vision from an energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and that 's what we do , and so is the talk of premium kola , that you may be a collective and use solar energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a vision .
and you have to be really tough about it , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist of the los angeles times , went through the streets at the center of los angeles , he heard a beautiful music .
it came from a man , an african-american , sociable , rough , homeless , playing on a violin with only two strings left .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless man on the streets of los angeles row .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 two years ago at the walt disney concert hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very bright and cheerful tone about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton and how the dodgers never make it to the baseball world series and all because of the first line of the first violin in beethoven 's fourth .
we got on the subject of music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying that nathaniel was interested in music .
i have to mention that nathaniel had already refused medical treatment because he had been treated with electric shock and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and it was in a very special place , nathaniel , when we began our first lesson at walt disney hall , and he had this flicker in his eyes and it looked completely .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played the first set of beethoven 's piano sonata .
and i was playing , and i noticed that there was a complete change in the eyes of vaal .
it was like he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
a calm curiosity and grace .
and as by a miracle , he took his violin and began to play by ear clippings of the vue languages and then asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked
we started talking about music , starting from bach on beethoven , brahms , bruckner , and all the others , bs , all the way to universal music .
and i realized that not only did he have an intimate knowledge of music , he had a close personal relationship with her .
he was talking about her with a passion and a understanding , or else i was just talking about my colleagues at the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music , this paranoid , confused man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles became a lovable , sophisticated , brilliant musician trained in juilliard .
music is medicine , music changes us .
for nathaniel music is spiritual health .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with his imagination and creativity to something real .
and so he escapes his agonizing state .
i understand that this is exactly the essence of art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art .
this is the music we make , the music we make , so that we can make something inside of all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches all of us and moves , inspired and united us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the power power power power of the music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood understood understood that understood that he knew and respected his talent .
and i will play music with nathaniel , no matter if at walt disney hall or in skid row , because he reminds me of being a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta , i want to play something i stole from the cellist .
forgive me .
well , i 've known many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
that first one , it was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish . it was good texture , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was bred in a food industry by the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so it made you feel like you were gonna let him go .
i had a relationship with this beauty for months .
one day , the company chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here that was trying to solve what this unthinkable problem has become for our cooks .
for the last 50 years , we have fished the oceans of our forests bare .
it 's hard to overstate the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the ones we love , the crab cakes , the salmon , swordfish , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so it will be a part of our future future future future future future future future .
a great disadvantage .
he 's got a 15 to one .
that means it takes 15 pounds of ground beef to get a pound of ground beef .
not very sustainable .
it 's not very good either .
so here was finally a company that tried to make it right .
i wanted to support her .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you 're famous for growing so far out in the ocean , you 're not polluting the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said . " we 're so far out , the garbage is being distributed by our fish , not focused . "
and then he added , " we 're basically a world of our own .
he said , " this is 2.5 to 1 . "
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to one , great .
what are you feeding ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was in bed and i thought , " what the hell is a protein problem ? "
so i called the next day just before the event , don .
i said , " don , for example , what are sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with a couple of my friends at the company , and nobody could give me a decent answer until i finally got off the phone with the senior biologist .
let 's call him don too .
" don , " i said , " what , for instance , are protein ? "
well , he mentioned algae and algae , and then he said , " algae . "
i said , " what 's that ? "
he said , " yes , feathers , skin , skin , body parts , leftovers , dried and processed into food . "
i said , " how much is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what 's sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a big pause on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting off this fish .
no , not because i 'm a self-righteous connoisseur and a do-gooder .
i am .
no , i actually ate off that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish is a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish , the more you love the fish .
i ate it first at a restaurant in boras .
a friendly journalist had long talked about this fish .
she kind of set us up .
he came on the table with a bright , almost shimmering white paint .
the cook cooked it .
hold twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's overcooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least in the way that you and i understand .
he 's a biologist with veta palma .
this is an emergency meeting in the southwest corner of spain .
it 's near the mouth of the river .
up until 1980s , the farm was in the hands of a bunch of farm animals .
they were gathering dust on what were essentially carbon monoxide .
they did it by cutting the country loose .
they built this complicated episode of canals and they pushed water out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make that work , not economically .
and ecologically , it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , what many birds are for this one .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally pulled the lever .
instead of turning off the water , they used the canals to put the water back on .
they 're flooding the canals .
they created an 11,000 acres of sea bass , sea bass , shrimp , eel and miguel and his company completely reversed the environmental destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like this .
they stare out at the horizon a million miles away , and all they see are dense canals and these dense , lush march .
i was there with miguel not long ago .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of " a crocodile to kiss . "
there we were , and we fought , okay ?
this is where he lifts out a rare blood vessel .
now he 's talking about the home invasions of privacy .
and here , he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the giraffe .
it turns out miguel spent most of his career in the african national park .
i asked asked asked to ask him how he became one of them .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert in relationships . "
and then he goes and crashes himself into more talk of rare birds and algae and strange sea creatures .
and don 't get me wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my heart became weak over this delicious piece of fruit that i had the night before .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the algae , the relationship , it 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what 's the rate of descent ? "
well , he continues to tell me that it 's such an intricate system that the fish eat what they eat in the wilderness .
the vegetable biomass , the vegetable oil , the vegetable oil , that 's what feeds the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely soundproof .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
at that moment , it was as if a film director had asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and and and
and we turned around the corner , and we stood the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , literally pink carpet as far as the eye could see .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
i was completely confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and fish feed to the birds .
well , there were 600,000 birds on this property last year , over 250 different species .
it has become the largest and one of the most important private banking institutions in europe today .
i said , " miguel , isn 't that the last thing you want on a yacht club ? "
he shook his , no .
he said , " we 're gonna put on a new set , not intense .
this is a subwave network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp will eat the fish .
so the more pink the stomach the better the system . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it 's a big one , but it 's also a big one .
oh , and besides , those flamingos shouldn 't even be there in the first place .
they 're breeding in a town 150 miles away , where they 're better off with the main shaft .
every morning , they fly 150 miles to the farm .
and every night , they fly 150 miles back .
you 're doing this because you can follow the slippery white line of the highway .
seriously .
i had imagined some sort of trip from the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 150 miles to the farm and then fly 150 miles back in the evening ?
do you do that for the children ? "
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you do it because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my beloved fish that was delicious , and i don 't like fish balls .
it 's this crisp , charred taste .
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried it at that restaurant in nîmes , she didn 't taste like apple pie at all .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it 's the last defense before something enters the body .
it evolved during the course of evolution to absorb energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and then he added , " but our water has no spring water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and then i realized , when he said that a farm that doesn 't have a farm , it was enormous because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river of galilee .
it 's a river that leads all the things that rivers tend to run with themselves these days , chemical pollutants , drain of pollutants .
and if it fought through the system , and this one is the water cleaner than it came in .
the system is so healthy , it purifies the water .
because when the water clears , it sinks into the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'll take it , and you should , because this love story , however romantic , is also enlightening .
you could say she 's a recipe for good food , whether we 're talking about sea bass or sea salt .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture from one where food actually tastes good .
but it 's a little too radical for a lot of people .
we are not realists , we are refined , we are lovers .
we love organic food , we love organic food we talk about organic food
and if you 're saying that these are the things that insure good food , someone stands up somewhere and says , " hey , guys , i love pink flamingos , but how are you gonna feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like these .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people will be starving today .
a billion . that 's more than ever because of the heavy traffic in distribution , not the traffic control .
well , i don 't like this one because she 's been evaluating the logic of our client for the last 50 years .
feeding grain to herbivores , feeding on corn seeds , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and the whole time , the mollusk just kept asking , " when we feed more cheap people , how awful can it be ? "
it was the justification , it was the justification it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call her what she is , a trade in processing , a trade that eats up rapidly 's capital that allows this production .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not farming .
today , we are under threat , not because of inadequate supply , but because of inadequate resources ,
not through the latest oil fields and oil fields , but through fertile land , not through pumps , but through fresh water , not through chain saws , but through woods , not fishing boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats boats
you want to feed the world ?
how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that would enable every community to feed themselves ?
to do that , don 't look at the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machinery are in it , and it never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's look at the ecological model instead .
this is the work experience that 's been working for two billion years .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
plants that are not worlds to themselves , plants that restore , plants , plants that grow , plants that grow , instead of growing only intensely , farmers who are not only breeders , but experts in relationships .
because they 're the ones who are also experts for taste .
and if i 'm really being honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , that 's fine with me , because if that 's the good food , it 's gonna be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're seeing here is a typical military protocol set by age .
the program i 'm using here is a little experiment .
it 's called a brain tumor , and what i can do with brain tumors is that i can filter out a specific cause of death , say accidents .
and right now i see a different pattern coming together .
and that 's because in here , the people are at the top of the world and they 're over here at the top of the world .
we can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
now , if we go on and sort things out , say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the main cause that people should be worried about .
and anyone who sees fit , that 's particularly true of men .
so you can see that the view of information and data in that way is very reminiscent of swimming in a living ocean liner .
and if we can do this for free software purposes , what can 't we do for content ?
what we now have here are the top models of every single sports illustrated ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can test it in your rooms after my talk .
you can dive in in a decade with laser technology .
you can dive into a specific year .
you can go straight to a specific issue .
when i look here , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , which points to all the expenses mentioned by lance armstrong .
now , if all i want is a more accurate look , can i think , " okay , what if i look at everything about riding a bike ? "
so i take a step back and widen the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you search information that way , more surgical , zoom in , zoom in , you don 't look , or you don 't just surf .
you do something that 's actually a little bit different .
it 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i want to take this idea out with something a little crazy .
what we 've done here is we 've taken every single piece of data and reduced it to a brief summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol from the area .
i 'm just going to show the top 500 of the world 's most profitable .
but even in this limited view , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we 're getting an impression on the subjects that are on wikipedia 's wikipedia page .
i 'm going to vote for the government .
well , after i vote for the government , i realize that the majority of the people who spend most of their time with it are people of the year .
this is really important , because this is an insight that isn 't in a single file .
it 's only visible if you take one step back and look at the whole thing .
i can then go into the theme of time magazine people of the year and see them all together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government agents , some of them are from science , some of them are even less , from the economy , here 's my boss ,
and interestingly , bono is also a ted mosby winner .
so now we can get a look at all the ted mosby winners .
you see , we surf the net for the first time as if it really is a net , not just side to side , but much abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that might be a little surprise .
i 'll just show you the new york times website .
i don 't want to call it a browser ; it 's really not a browser , but you can look at web sites with it , and we can take these internet dates to every single website like this .
so i can go back one step and straight to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important , because the only way to look at web sites is to look at the web site the same way .
so i can navigate my course in a specific time frame .
here 's the status of the entire demonstration i 've held up to here .
and i can sort of retrieve everything i 've seen today .
and if i take one more step out and look at everything , i might be able to rearrange my history , see if i can find my way home .
and from here , i can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
it 's a metaphor used over and over again , and it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
right now , in this world , we think data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the arcadian .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do that , then this so far , it may be a new source of useful information .
and instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge .
and if we know , we might even be able to shed some wisdom .
thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
when i was in high school , i took a bus to school every day , every day .
and my nose was always in a book , a book of spells that took my thoughts to worlds , and in a way , satisfied my sitting , insatiable curiosity .
i was , you know , a ...
it was always about trying to understand the world and assessing the boundaries of the possible .
and my love of science fiction seemed to grow in my surroundings because back in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon and explored the depths of the sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating programs that showed us animals and places and a world of wonders we could never have imagined .
well , that was a good match for the , uh ...
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there weren 't any video games or those video games with movies or the whole sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
when we read a book as kids , we took the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads .
my reaction was to drawing and painting aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and stuff .
i was always caught by a teacher in the school district , like me , hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to come out somehow .
and there was something interesting , because what fascinated me about jacques cousteau 's shipments , was the thought of an unknown world here on earth .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but here was a world that i could actually enter here on earth , and it was as exotic and exotic as anything i ever imagined when i read those books .
so when i was 15 , i decided to become a diver .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i pissed off my dad until he finally tracked down a street gang in buffalo , new york , right across the border where we lived .
i used to do my pool at the ymca in the middle of winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , two years later , when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent , like , three thousand hours underwater .
and i have learned that the sea world , even in the oceans of the oceans , is as rich as we can truly imagine .
the imagination of nature has no limits , unlike our poor , miserable human imagination .
to this day , i am deeply in awe of what i see on my screen .
and my love for the ocean continues with the same intensity as ever .
when i was an adult , when i chose a job , it was making movies .
it seemed the best way to tell my inner need to tell stories with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to put together pictures and stories .
of course , the stories i chose were from the sarah connor chronicles , " terminator , " " aliens , " and " moon monsters . "
i was able to tie my love for the film industry and the scuba diving to film .
so basically , my two passions intertwined .
something very interesting happened at " s.n.t. " in order to solve a serious problem in this film , which we had to create some kind of liquid form - we reached animation , leisure , home .
what came out was the first ever seen in a movie .
although the film didn 't bring any money , he 'd just put on his production costs , but i noticed something fascinating , the audience in the world was mesmerized like the magic that thought of it .
according to arthur clarke 's law , the law is known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
so you saw something magical .
and i thought it was very exciting .
and i thought to myself , " wow , that must be included in the state film . "
so we went to " terminator 2 " , my next movie , a lot more .
along with the rest of us , we created the guy from liquid metal .
and it worked , and we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , and we made a little more money with the film .
from these two experiences , a whole new world was achieved , a whole new world of creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative , a whole new world of creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who , at the time , was the best tv producer and television producer , who was called digital age .
the idea of this company was to skip the phase of process with optical imaging and so forth and begin with digital productions .
that 's what we did , and that 's what we did for a while .
but in the mid ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 90s , we had built this company too slow .
but the bar really pushed back , and the people at my company told me that we haven 't been able to do it yet .
so i postponed it and made this other movie about the big ship that 's going down .
i sold it to the film studio as " romeo and juliet " on a ship .
secretly , i wanted to become the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know that .
i convinced her , though , by saying , " we 're diving to the wreck .
we 're going to show it in the video version of the movie .
it 's a very good marketing angle . "
and i convinced them to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy , but that goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we actually created a reality six months later , where i found myself in a russian space cruiser , four kilometers below the surface of the north atlantic looking at the real titanic through a porthole .
that was not a movie , not hd , that was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how very similar those twin towers were to a giant spider .
well , they also had extensive planning .
you get into this capsule , then you float down to this dark , hostile environment where there is no hope of rescue if you can 't make it back .
and i thought , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a dating service .
that 's a lot . "
i was obsessed with exploring the depths of the sea .
it was adventure , curiosity , imagination .
and it was an experience hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i could imagine a being that we could then create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made a rather unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said to myself , " i want to ice my film director as a film director in hollywood and i 'm going to be a production assistant . "
and then we began to dive into " bismarck , " and explore it with reflections .
we returned to the wreckage of the titanic .
we took little robots that we had built , and we built them , and we built them together .
our intention was to go back and see the inside of the ship that had never been done before .
no one had ever explored the interior of the wreckage , yet had no means of it , so we developed the means .
and here i am , sitting on the deck of the titanic , in an ivory tower , and i see planks quite similar to these boards that i know once played the band there .
and i 'm flying through the corridors of the ship with a little laser pointer .
i only serve it , but my mind is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present inside the titanic 's makeup table .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a very strange experience .
they have given me this understanding that such scanned avatars were used and so their own can be transferred into the vehicle into this form of existence .
it was really tremendously profound .
and maybe even a little view of what might happen in a few decades , if you 've got time to explore or do some research , in all the possible financial institutions that i can think of as a research assistant .
after these expeditions , we began to learn truly appreciate what we saw down there , such as these animal types , where we saw these incredibly domesticated animals , they 're like aliens , but here on earth .
they live with the help of the trade federation .
they don 't exist in a sunlight system like we do .
and that 's how you see animals right next to a degrees celsius that they can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested parties . that was the childhood dream again .
that was ...
but in the end , it all came down to the bottom of the sea .
we did film documentaries , but we did actually do science , which , in fact , film festivals .
that 's how the circle between my existence as a matter of conscience , when i was a child , and the implementation of reality .
during this voyage of discovery , i 've learned a lot .
i 've learned a lot about science , but now i 'm sure you think a director needs to be a leader like a ship captain or something .
i didn 't know much about leadership until i took on these expeditions .
because at a certain point , i had to say , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us any money .
we 're playing production costs .
everyone thinks i 'm between " titanic " and " avatar " and " avatar " and i 've worked my nails on a towel on the beach somewhere .
i made all these films , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we 've done this with only 10 to 12 years of working together , and sometimes we 've been at sea two to three months in a row .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect
there 's a connection , a mutual one .
so when i came back to make my next movie " avatar , " i tried to apply the same management style , which means that you respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect
that really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a small team on uncharted territory , shooting " avatar " with a new technique that hadn 't existed before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies completely .
there were people who thought we 'd done a really good job of copying and moving to the planet pandora .
for me , it was more of an elaborate way to do mine , the actual process that changed in the outcome .
so what can we infer from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think curiosity comes first .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imaginations are a force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
and the regard of your dignity is more important than all the laurels in the world .
come to me , young filmmakers who say , " give me advice on how to do something like this . "
and i say , " don 't make yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
" don 't do it to yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
nasa has this kind of computer code , " failure is not an option . "
but in art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art , failure must be an alternative , because that 's where it guarantees a leap of faith .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been dealt with without risk .
you have to be willing to take these risks .
that 's the thought i 'd like to give you along .
today i 'm speaking to you about energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and that may be a little surprising , because my research at the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds , to make up the things we have to deliver and deliver to give the poorest two billion people a better life .
but power and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone on the planet .
it means that its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it leads to uncertainty , causing trouble .
so , climate change is gonna be terrible for you .
besides , it 's very important for you to have a family portrait .
the fact is that if you could only reduce the price from one thing , energy only energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
well , the timing mechanism fell over time .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on the dna evidence .
the agricultural industry was driving the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a case in the industrial system , and so we have refrigerators , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
so we are in a beautiful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price , we 'll cut the price in half , we 'll cut to a new barrier , and that barrier hangs with co2 .
co2 warms the planet , and the equation for co2 is actually quite clear .
well , the exact link between a wire transfer and the resulting chain of events and where their other episodes lie , there are discrepancies , but not many .
and there 's certain uncertainty about how bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad .
i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i 've asked and i asked and i
isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get near zero , the temperature will go up .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's like saying , we have a 12 1 / 2 truck that has to go under a 3 m bridge , so you can practically squeeze it .
this has to go all the way down to zero .
well , we 're pushing out a lot of government contracts over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons each on the planet .
and somehow , we have to produce that to zero .
it 's been climbing steadily so far .
only various economic factors have affected it at all , and we need to go from a reduced rise and to a reduction to zero .
so let 's look at each factor individually and figure out how to get this to zero .
probably one of these numbers has to get very close to zero .
now this is basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today 6.8 billion people live ,
and it 's moving to nine billion .
if we are very successful with a new set of wheels , the lowest and the lowest , we could lower that by 10 % to 15 % , but right now we 're looking at an incline at 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that includes all the food we eat , clothes , television , heat .
these are very good things , and service means to almost anyone on the planet .
it 's like this one 's climbing .
here we see a very basic service .
and these students don 't have it , so go out and read their schoolwork under the school board .
well , with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
we have something that doesn 't rise ,
due to various successes in the banking system , through other financial institutions , by new methods in the banking system , there are many services , some individual services , are reduced by 90 % .
in other service , like the making of hydrogen bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs ,
overall , if we 're optimistic , we might get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we 've gone from 26 billion to maybe the best 13 billion tons , and that 's just not enough !
so let 's take a look at the fourth factor , and this one 's gonna be a hell of a lot , that 's the co2 that 's gonna be filtered down to the pro level .
it turns out you can get it to zero .
if you burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every source of co2 energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
so what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need backup .
if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle .
that and its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the people here have helped develop many of these miracles .
usually , there 's no deadline that you need a miracle until a certain date .
usually you just stand by and some people come , don 't .
in that case , we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in a very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really put this across ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that ignites the people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked that .
the idea was real tangible to you , you know there are people who live with mosquitoes .
i thought of this for energy energy energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy for energy
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my most significant contribution to the environment here .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured you won 't bite , but in fact , you won 't even leave the glass .
well , there are all kinds of places like this , but they don 't do much .
we need solutions , either either one or two that have an unimaginable identity existence , and although there are many directions where people are looking for it , i really only see five who can afford these great demands .
i 've left out tides , wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
first , let 's look at burning fossil fuels , burning either coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that literally billions of times bigger than any kind of garbage that you can imagine from things and other things ?
it 's a volume of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next up , we 're going to have a family reunion .
then what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though it 's not very big , there 's a lot of concern .
so three very difficult problems that may be solved and that 's why you should work .
i spent the last three of the five .
it 's the renewable energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and they also have no such thing , although it is that they have no need for fuel .
for one thing , the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
it 's a lot of square miles . it 's a thousand times more acreage than a regular power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power .
also , these sources are subject to interruptions :
not the sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun , the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
that 's why , when you 're addicted to these sources , you have to have a way to get power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
if we say the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and there 's the baby room .
so we need a major breakthrough here , something that will be a factor of a hundred better than the current .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
that 's what happens when you try try to bring in these highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
if you want to lean on it by 100 % , you 're gonna need an incredible amount of time .
now , where should we go , what 's the right approach ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it .
we need at least 100 people in these five areas .
with many people , they 'll say they 're crazy .
i think there are a lot of people here in the ted group who are already involved .
bill gross has companies , among which one , the great wall street , which has the great line .
vinod luwin invests in dozens of companies doing great things and having interesting options , and i 'm trying to support that .
nathan fillion and i are funding a company that , perhaps , surprisingly , follows the nuclear approach .
there are innovation innovation in the financial industry , liquid .
the development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
it means that instead of one part of the core , the one percent , the nucleus , we decided to burn the 99 % , the nucleus .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , that 's much better .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium is used up in a little bit like a candle .
you see , it 's a kind of column , often referred to as " shifting wave reactor . "
that really solves the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste
the drives the u.s. for hundreds of years .
and if you add add add add add add add add fuel to cheap and easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
you know , there are a lot of challenges , but it 's an example of hundreds of things we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what should our report card look like ?
well , let 's go as far as the target we need to reach , and then we 'll talk about the cylon attack .
many speak of an 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be generated in poor countries , as well as still a little farming , hopefully , cement and cement will be clean by then .
so , in order to reach this 80 % , the u.s. government , including countries like china , has to completely rearrange its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the note says whether or not we use the rest of the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
this is super important .
this is going to be a hell of a night out of this .
if we return from there , how will the 2020 look ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the emergency brake to get reduction on the way .
these breakthroughs we need to follow with full force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book , " we have a choice " , and david lochary 's " super energy with no hot air . "
they 're really going through it and creating a frame where this can be discussed because we need support from all sides .
there are some things that need to come together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific desire that we invent them .
this one has the greatest impact .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures do i appeal to ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places like this , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you were supposed to be discussing these budget cuts , and you 'd be shocked by the ridiculously low budget spent on this innovative system .
we need co2 , co2 , cap 'n , trade something that could create a vacuum cleaner .
we must spread the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
we need to establish a rational and full dialogue and also the things done by the government .
it 's an important request , but i think we can make it happen .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to get a little better sense of entitlement , can you give us an idea of the magnitude of this investment ?
the difficult step is to build the first reactor , find another billion , and the one who actually builds the first one .
the first one is done , when he walks like this , everything is as clear as can be , because the final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final
to be clear , that means building deep into the ground like a vertical nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
today they have to load the reactor , so there 's a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it , and you plug it in , and it 's not good .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it up for 60 years , think of a column they 're burying without digging it .
and it sits there and burns for 60 years , and then it 's done .
it 's a special delivery system that provides a solution to the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can dump it , there 's a lot less garbage with this method , then take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists in these fusion reactors or fusion reactors .
so that 's what was a problem for those reactors , what we fill in ours , and with it , the reactor core is dramatically reduced to this process .
but you talked to different people in this world about these possibilities ,
where 's the greatest interest in actually doing something like that ?
you know , the french and the japanese did something like that .
this is a version of a thing that was done .
this is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor and countries built it , so anyone who 's made a fast reactor is a nuclear reactor for our first .
in your time frame , perception and probability of actually calling something like that into life ?
now , we need one of those very , very expensive , very affordable , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
it 's kind of the deadline that pointed out to us by the time we have to meet .
and , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , it could hold .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , just like when their approaches work , the funding for their pilots can bid for it .
and it would be best if we could make it because then we could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the great potential breakthroughs , is this the greatest you 've ever known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known ?
the most important thing in the world is to have one .
it would have been if it hadn 't been for the wedding , but it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
in the nuclear sector , there are innovative companies .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's a more practical approach .
there 's a liquid hydrogen peroxide that seems a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if this doesn 't work , what then ?
do we have to initiate emergency shutdown to try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try to keep keep keep the containment field to keep keep it steady ?
when you get into this situation , it 's like eating too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's an energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
it 's just a routine procedure .
they hope we don 't need it .
some people say you shouldn 't work on the insurance because it might make you lazy so you eat because you know heart surgery will save you .
do you have a line or two for them to convince you ?
unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very few .
are you saying there are negative repercussions that have to do with the clouds that move things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in one million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is that this insecurity should worry us .
well , the actual expenditures for research are we say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today .
other things shouldn 't suffer .
you get to large sums of money , and here , reasonable people can argue when you have something that 's not , and try try to fund it for me , most of the waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste
unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless
the swab you get is a very high potassium chloride , so only the rich can compete .
i mean , any one of us here could spend five times as much of our energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
but it 's a disaster .
and even nymark is thinking .
his new line is now , " what is the research no longer discussed ? "
he 's still connected to his past stories , which he 's understood that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing the hybrid virus .
and that 's a thought process i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really do , that your wish will come true .
thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter zern , who performed an exorcism rite of passage called the maccabees .
the idea is quite simple , but the most sophisticated structure with 20 spaghetti , some compressed duct tape , some compressed thread and a marshmallow .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and although it seems really easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a computer model .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people start to take their own direction .
they talk about it , they think about what it 'll look like , they crave power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
then you invest a little time in planning and organization , sketch them and lay out some spaghetti .
they 're spending spending spending spending spending spending spending .
and finally , just before you 're out of time , someone takes the marshmallow , and you gently put it on top , take a step back and " ta-da ! " admire your work .
but then , almost always , happened that the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
there 's a series of " uh-oh " lines that have a lot more " uh-oh " tips than , and among the worst , fresh lines are fresh .
they lie , they cheat , they 're confused and they produce really poor things .
and , of course , there are a lot more " ta-da " in there , too , and among the best , fresh ones are called the pumpkin .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might be asking is , how come ?
and peter says , " none of the children invest time in being chef of spaghetti limited . "
they don 't spend time in infighting .
but there is another one .
and i want you to know that they 've been trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then realize it .
what happens when you put that marshmallow on top , you 're out of time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what 's more likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely
engineers recognize this kind of cooperation as the core of a process .
and with every effort , the kids are getting feedback and what 's not .
that 's the way it works , with prototypes to work , but let 's see how different things work .
the average for most is about 5 ' 10 " , half of it , lawyers can do a little more , but not a lot better than adults .
who 's at the ...
architects and engineers .
it 's the highest thing i 've seen .
because they understand triangles and geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
ceos are a little above average , but this is where it gets interesting .
you put an executive administrator on the team , they get significantly better .
they look around and they see , " this team will win . "
you can predict that .
because they have special skills of the brain trust .
you run the trial , you understand .
and that team that handles and pays attention to the work will significantly improve the performance of the work .
specialized skills and computer skills and their combination lead to success .
if you 've got 10 , typical moves , you 've got about six , stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we were gonna bring the baby bear .
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to these ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built an elaborate construction , he would have carried the prize home .
so isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened ?
now you understand the advantage of the word shot .
so it became the same bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad .
they produced the highest construction in the time .
there are so many lessons for us about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , would anyone actually invest time to create an investment opportunity ?
the thing is , i help create digital tools and processes to help create cars , video games , and effects .
and what the fda does is help them identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , project has its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the challenge provides a common experience , a common language , or a means of building the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who care can visit us in person .
it 's a blog where you see the marshmallows built .
there 's an emergency meeting there .
they find crazy examples from all over the world , how people tweak and upgrade the system .
there 's also some kind of subspace interference .
and the most elementary lesson , i believe , is that construction is actually a sport .
it demands that we all focus our senses on the task and that we use our thoughts in the best way , like our feelings and our actions , in the challenge ahead .
and sometimes , a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to take us from an " uh-oh " to a " ta-da . "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool machine , and it 's a time machine .
and everyone in this room must go in .
and you can go to the past , you can go to the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
and i myself , what you would choose because i 've been giving these to my friends a lot lately , and they all wanted to go back in time .
they wanted to go back to before there were cars or twitter or america wanted the superstar .
i don 't know .
i 'm convinced that somehow you 're drawn to nostalgia , wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i 'm not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back in time , and not because i 'm an adventurer -
it 's because opportunities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to get into this machine , and i want to go into the future future future future future future future .
this is the greatest time ever on this planet , regardless of the scale you put on : health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , opportunity .
there 's never been a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are up to 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child born today in schabbach can wait to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and what is that ?
smallpox has millions of people on this planet .
they have rebuilt the earth 's solar system in a way that no war has ever had .
they 're gone .
we beat them , poof .
in the rich world , diseases that threatened millions of us just a generation ago barely exist .
it 's polio , malaria ...
does anyone else even know what this is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are the results of the scientific method .
and from my point of view , the scientific method of trying things , seeing if it works , changing it if it doesn 't , one of the greatest achievements in mankind .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot .
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
this number rises , and it rises very fast , and that 's embarrassing .
and not only that , we used our imagination to ravage this world .
drinking water , rotting land , rainforests , oil , gas , they disappear , and we don 't get out of this mess .
i 'm thinking .
i think it 's clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the country they live on .
i think we can supply this world with energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night , one of the things that keeps me awake at night .
and we 've never been able to bring him back properly , as we can today .
people think they 're so close they can 't be free .
even truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but you know what you have no right to do ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and i needed one to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about " new yorker shots , " a little article .
and i have been , to encounter resistance , to resistance to what , in the end , is the most effective treatment in health care in the history of mankind .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i write an article and i left .
and then i wrote a story about genetically modified foods .
same thing , only bigger .
people went crazy .
so i also wrote the article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " self juicing , " they believed that molecules on a specific instead of some kind of " random " was a random invasion of nature .
but , you know , i do what i do , i write the article , i write it .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we cash in , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but those articles worried me , and i couldn 't find out what , and finally i found out .
and that 's because those fanatics who drove me were crazy weren 't fanatics .
they were hardworking people , educated people , decent people .
you were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know , let 's be honest .
we 're at a point where we don 't have the same relationship with progress as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironic about it , with little quotes about " progress . "
there are reasons , and , okay , i think we know what the reasons are .
we have faith in institutions , authority , and sometimes in science itself , and there is no such thing as that .
you can just name some names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names names
chernobyl , oil reserves , the challenger , weapons of mass destruction , the annihilator 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
ask questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
take nothing but given .
but here 's the thing- - if you have proof you need to take this evidence , and we 're not good at that .
and i can tell from the bottom of my heart that we are now living in an epidemic of fear , as i have never seen before , and hopefully never see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story linked to the measles , mumps , and german measles .
very frightening .
lots of studies have been done to see if that 's true .
lots of studies should be conducted ; this is serious business .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection at all .
it doesn 't make any difference because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a government agent giving us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
it 's a disaster because of the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the measles epidemic rate drops .
this is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that ?
well , i understand that .
does anyone have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
that 's a lot of death from measles , 20 per hour .
but because that didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
and you can do that because it doesn 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but they 're almost never the same .
and that 's something we need to learn very quickly .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst hostages in the world .
no fear , no pain , polio , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle not so much .
his name is paul verrall .
he 's just developed a muscle relaxant with some others .
he can save the lives of underprivileged , 500,000 children a year in the tri-state area .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except for paul walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop complaining .
and he actually says that .
so paul 's a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i 'm not saying that , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the sickness returns , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we have measles in this country now .
and that 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die from it again because that 's just one of the numbers .
and you won 't just die of measles .
what about polio ?
a text message from me texted me a few weeks ago and said she thought i was a little flashy .
no one 's ever said that before .
she wouldn 't give her kid polio shots .
fine .
because we don 't have polio .
we didn 't have polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now , over ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those , uh ...
and he doesn 't know he 's infected with a paralyzing disease , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to dress up in lies .
did you all take your vitamins this morning ?
a little something to refresh your memory .
i know you did it because half the americans do it every day .
you take the stuff , and you take alternative remedies , and it doesn 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
the data keeps proving it .
that 's all they ever do .
that 's , you want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark urine .
what are we doing ?
well , i think i understand - we hate pharmaceutical companies .
we hate a government too strong .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to my fists .
it 's amazingly cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold
so we walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
we walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
that 's great .
but , you know , this is really serious , because this stuff is crap , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
none of them are motor vehicles , fraud , fraud , fraud , extortion , i don 't even know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
when i say this , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
that 's how you feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the minister of health who says , " hmm , i 'm not gonna take the receipts from my experts on animal behavior " or some kind of cancer patient who wants to treat his patient with heroin addiction .
if you go this way , where faith and magic take place and replace science , you can get to one you don 't want to be .
you 'll be able to get to the south african mining facility .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that beets , garlic , and garlic , are far more effective than prescription drugs that we know can stop the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than suffering from this disease .
don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
you always have .
well , the epidemic we 're in right now is this absurd struggle between the food and the food plants genetically engineered .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
this is ideology , not science .
everything we eat , everything we eat , every branch of parsley , brussels sprouts , has been changed by people .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there was no time limit .
there were no christmas trees .
we 've done it 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and , of course , there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin in rice , and this stuff can help people , people , live their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i must say , i don 't understand .
we reject genetically engineered food .
what are we doing ?
well , what i keep hearing is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , chemical plants , we don 't want any huge fields with one thing , it 's wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we 've got a huge budget problem , but it 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know science isn 't a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a trial .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we 're afraid is a real one , and it keeps people from blooming .
you know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we are right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this , and we don 't give it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat this rotten stuff , like desert rats .
it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building all that in it right now .
and then people could eat that and not go blind .
you 're not starving , and you know what ?
that would be nice .
and all i can say is , are we fighting this ?
i mean , do we ask ourselves , what are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want gene krupa ?
it 's not about gene krupa .
it 's not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on more food , better food , unique food .
this isn 't about rice krispies . it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's about time we understood that we understand what that means .
'cause you know what ?
if we don 't do this , if we do what we do so far , we 're gonna owe ourselves to something we don 't want to be guilty of , high-tech spy technology .
there 's no description of what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really have to stop it .
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go into this ridiculous time machine and into the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can set this time machine on anything we want .
we can lure them where we want them , and we will move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go into the time machine and go into the future future future future future future future future , we 'll be doing it .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs right now .
thank you .
thank you .
deception becomes real because someone sees it that way .
so that we can understand each other , i 'd like to show you an elementary , very simple magic trick .
and i 'm gonna show you how it works , it 's a trick that 's been at least in every book book of spells .
i even learned it from cub scout magic from the scouts in the fields .
i 'll take it out for you and then explain it .
and then i 'll explain what i explain .
so , look what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
i 'm just gonna hold the knife in my fist .
i 'll slide my sleeve back .
and to make sure that nothing gets out of my sleeve or out of him , i 'm just gonna slide my wrist right here .
this way you can see that nothing moves at any time .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
it 's actually so tight in its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
nothing goes up my sleeve or comes out , no skin lesions , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , that 's a trick i often teach little kids who care about magic because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
i suppose many of you here know this trick .
here 's how it works .
i 'm holding the knife in my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
i say i put my wrist down to make sure nothing disappears or comes out of my sleeve , and that 's a lie .
the one that i hold on to my wrist is that the real illusion exists .
because the moment i cut my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
he 's right here .
and when i turn around , the finger changes position .
but that 's not really the point , and then i open my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
of course , it 's being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick by my index finger which is there now .
and when i close my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
i 'll take this hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
this is a trick you can show your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the money problem ?
a year or so ago , i read a study that really knocked me down .
i 'm not a doctor or researcher , and that 's why it was an amazing thing to me .
as it turns out , when you offer a placebo in the form of a white pill , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain atypical effect .
but if you change the shape in which you administer the placebo , like a smaller pill , and dye those blue and imprint a letter on it , it 's actually more effective .
and that , although none of them are any pharmaceutical ... they 're just pharmaceutical companies .
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
but it turns out that 's not all there is .
if you take capsules , they 're even more effective than any kind of pills .
a black capsule at one end yellow and on the other red is better than a white capsule .
the dosage also matters .
i 'm sorry .
the bottom line is ...
... that even the dosages play a role .
and shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate stick stick stick stick stick , you have to reach for the needle .
a syringe with a hypodermic needle - a few cc 's of a psychotropic compound injected into a patient .
it creates a very strong image in the image that is a lot stronger than a white pill .
this chart is really ... i 'll give it to you another time when we have a projector .
so the fact is the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't look as good as the needle .
and none of this has any really pharmaceutical quality , it 's just our faith in it that gives us a stronger effect .
i wanted to know if i could use that idea for a magic trick .
i 'll take something that 's obviously a deception and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to reach the needle when it comes to the point .
this is a 6 cm hatpin , very , very sharp , and i 'm going to sterilize her first .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin .
i 'm going to stick this needle in my skin and push through it until it comes out on the other side .
you 're gonna be sick sick a little nauseous if you faint - i showed some friends in the hotel room last night and some of the ones i didn 't know , and a woman almost passed out .
so i suggest if you get sick fast , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know what , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
so , here 's the thing , right here where my flesh begins , at the bottom of my arm , i 'm just gonna make a little puncture .
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and out on the other side .
now we 're actually in the situation that we had at the science fair .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
this is one , two , three , four , five .
well ...
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " i 'm sure he 's not that stupid , and he 'll skin himself just to entertain us for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
how does this look ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay , okay .
the people in the main lobby are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my meat , and i can turn this around .
look away , don 't look .
let me squeeze some blood for you , okay ?
yes , here it is .
normally , i 'd take out the needle now .
i would clean my arm and show you there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here and with the intention of making a fake something real , i 'm just gonna leave the needle in there and walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
thank you .
everybody 's talking about this .
i 've had people count the number of books that have been published in the title for the last five years and they gave up after about 40 and there was a lot more .
there 's a huge wave of interest among scientists .
there 's a lot of time travel .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of the tide of this , there are cognitive traps which make it almost impossible to think clearly .
and my talk today will be mostly about these cognitive traps .
that goes for the layman , the careful consideration of their own , and it goes for scientists who think , because it turns out we 're just as confused as anyone .
the first of these traps is an reluctance to admit complexity .
well , it turns out the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
i think there 's a certain meaning we could limit it to , but in the big picture , this is something we 're gonna have to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view of what 's comfortable .
the second trap is a mistake of life and memory , in fact , between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both top athletes in the von .
and the third is the primary , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't reflect on a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really quite emotional , which ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what ruined it had the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of lovely music .
they didn 't count because it was left with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had .
what this really tells us is that we can think about ourselves and about people in the sense of two types of ourselves .
there is a primal self that lives in the present and knows the present , capable of reliving the past , but basically has only the present .
you know when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch you here ? "
or " how was your trip to albania ? " or something like that .
these are two very , very different units , which which , themselves , and the two are too confused is part of the shambles of the space-time continuum .
well , even the winning team is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a basic reaction to our memories . it starts right away .
we don 't just tell stories when we 're about to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we get from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful pain .
it 's no longer painful painful painful painful painful painful pain these days , when this study was done in the fda .
you have been asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and they ask you , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple one .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain , patient had patient b , and more .
but now there is another : " how much did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient had a much worse colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the rainbow birds were different , and because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends ,
and none of these stories are very uplifting or great , but one of them is clearly ...
but one of them is clearly worse than the other .
and the one that 's worse is the one where the pain was at its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
how do we know ?
because we were asking these people about your colonoscopy , and then , much later , " how bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad , how bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
and she was much worse for " b " in the ' 50s .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the space-time continuum and the space-time continuum itself .
b clearly had a worse time .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but only a little and a lot less than before .
what 's a story about ?
and that goes for the stories that memory gives us and the stories we make up .
what makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
endings are very , very important , and in this case , dominated the ending .
well , even the average life is a constant life .
it has moments of memory , one by one .
and you ask what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
most of them are completely ignored by the security system itself .
and yet somehow you feel that you should count , that what these moments of happiness have happened to our lives .
it 's the limited resource we use up on this world .
and how we use it would seem important , but that 's not the story that keeps the cupcake business to ourselves .
so , we have the family business and the family business , and they 're really quite different .
the biggest difference between them is how to deal with time .
from the point of view , if you have a vacation and the second week is just as good as the first , then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the two-week vacation .
that 's not how it works at all for the self defense system .
for the sake of life , even a two-week vacation is hardly better than the two-week vacation because there are no new memories added .
you haven 't changed the story .
and that way , time is actually the critical variable , which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
well , it 's more than remembering and telling stories .
even the high priest has no voice in this election .
actually , we don 't choose between experiences .
and even when we think about them , we don 't usually think about our future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
we 're thinking about our future future memories .
and basically , you can look at that , you know , as a tyranny of the papacy , and you can think of that as one that , in a manner of speaking , carries the papacy through experiences that the system does not need .
i have the impression that if we go on vacation , it 's very often the case , which means we 're on holiday , basically , in the service of the minister .
and that 's a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much do we feed on our memories ?
that 's one of the explanations given for the dominance of the vigilante himself .
and i probably have my memories of this two-week journey , i 'd say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i 'd ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i 'd have another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half , tops .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
i would like you to consider a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation , all your pictures will be destroyed and you will be on an untested drug so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you like to take a vacation ?
even we choose the vacations we choose is a problem facing us with a choice between the two species .
well , the two types of the problem even throw two notions of the one .
there are actually two concepts of what we can use , one per .
so you can ask yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
and then they ask , " how happy are the moments in the life of the author himself ? "
and they 're all very , very complicated for moments .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good one from the beginning of time itself .
if you 're asking after the other one , it 's one thing .
it 's not about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how content or pleasing the person is when that person thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks thinks .
very different term .
anyone who doesn 't distinguish these terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i belong to one of the great scientists of well-being who have screwed up the exploration of happiness in this way .
the difference between the difference between the difference between the difference between the difference between the feeling and the satisfaction of the feeling itself has been recognized for the past few years , and now you 're trying to measure them separately .
gallup poll has a worldwide poll , where more than a half million people have been asked questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
so over the past few years , we 've begun to learn about the two kinds of ourselves .
and the main lesson we 've learned , i think , is that they 're really different .
you can know how happy someone is with his life , and that really doesn 't teach you how happy they live their lives and vice versa .
just to give you an idea of the correlation , the correlation is , like , borderline correlation .
what that means is that if you wanted someone , and they would tell you , oh , his father is a family man , how much you know about his size ?
well , you know something about its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
you have so much insecurity .
even if i tell you that someone has put his life in a scale of ten , you have a lot of insecurity about how happy he is with his sense of humor .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what determines the satisfaction of the union .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that mainly means being happy with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there 's pleasure , but the other is dominant .
so if you want to maximize the two species of self , you 'll end up doing very different things .
the conclusion from what i said here is that we really shouldn 't consider ourselves a replacement for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a moment , a different matter that we can 't clearly think about is that we don 't care about the same things when we live and when we actually live .
so if you ask the easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
when you put these , you think people in california need to be happier when you , say , live in ohio .
and what happened is that when you think about life in california , think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , say , in the climate .
well , it turns out that climate isn 't very important to the climate itself , and it 's not even very important to the health system , that decides how happy people are .
well , now , because the safety valve itself is responsible , you can wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
and it 's kind of interesting to track down what happens to the people who come to california in the hope of happiness .
well , even your lucky day won 't get any happier .
we know that .
but one thing is going to happen , you 're going to think you 're happier because if you think about it , you 're going to be reminded of how terrible the weather was in ohio , and you 're going to be making the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i have given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a rather interesting result coming from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in gallup poll is a number we were absolutely not expecting to find .
we found this in the light of the day .
if we were to watch how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that 's a very large percentage of americans , about 600,000 , but it 's a huge tax write-off under a $ 600,000 income ,
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year people are unhappy , and they become increasingly unhappy the poorer they become .
we 'll get a flat line above it .
i mean , i 've rarely seen so flat lines .
what happens is obvious that money can 't buy you a penny jar , but that lack of money certainly gives you misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in the sense of the other , even the other , the other one , you get a story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that doesn 't apply to emotions .
but , danny , the entire american endeavor is life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
when people take this report seriously , i mean , to put it all on the same side , everything we believe , for example , about animal behavior and all .
is there any chance that politicians would generally take a verdict like that seriously and make policy based on that ?
you know , i believe that there is some appreciation for the role of the political party .
the recognition will be slow in the united states , no , but in the uk it 's happening right now and in other countries it 's happening .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think about politics .
it 's going to take a while , and people are going to discuss whether they want to explore space exploration or explore space exploration , so we 're going to have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how one can step up is very different depending on how they think , how they think , how they think , how they think about the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power control .
it will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , you try try try try try try try try try try try try try try to measure the population .
this will be part of the national statistics for the next decade or two .
well , it 's me , this topic will be , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you very much for the invention of the mars colony .
thanks , danny boy .
i design computer games .
and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and smarter games .
right now we 're spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending
you might think , " this is for a lot of games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
but , in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
three billion hours a week is nowhere near enough to solve the most pressing problems in the world .
in fact , i am convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase this time considerably .
i 've calculated that the time required is 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
this picture pretty much describes exactly what i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
this is a portrait of photographer phil bushey .
he wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions of playing .
if you 're not a gambler , perhaps you can avoid the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but extreme concentration , absorbed into solving a very difficult problem .
when they also play , they see nuances that show up and the mouth is a sign of optimism , surprise .
this is a player on the verge of a so-called epic victory .
okay , great , so we have players here .
a winning victory is a result so very positive that you didn 't even know it was possible before .
it was almost beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
and when they do , they 're shocked that they 're actually capable of such a thing .
this player is about to win epic .
and this is what we must see on the face of millions of faces on the world when we face the obstacles of the next century against the face of those who stand on the edge of epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it the " in life i am " poster child .
that 's me doing the " in life i am " sex sex sex sex sex .
this is a graffiti on my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation , we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem many players have .
we don 't think in reality we 're as good as in games .
and i don 't mean less successful , even though that 's part of it .
i mean , with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter other obstacles , we often feel .
we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have those feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist in games .
and that 's what i wanted to study as a research assistant .
why is it impossible in games to think you can 't accomplish everything ?
how can we transfer these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i watched games like world of warcraft offering the ideal environment for communal living .
and i 've discovered things that make epic victories in u.s. history so possible .
so , first of all , when you get into one of these business deals , especially at world of warcraft , there 's a different character who 's willing to trust you on an op right now .
but not just some mission , but a mission that fits perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
so you can do it .
you 'll never get a job you can 't solve .
but always at the edge of your abilities , so you have to work hard , but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there 's always something important to do .
and there are tons of employees .
wherever they go , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to complete their epic mission .
it 's not easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
besides , there 's this epic story , this inspirational story , we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard of " level up " and " plus one strength " or " plus one intelligence . "
this constant feedback does not exist in life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't have to speak + 1 crazy idea , plus 20 crazy ideas .
i don 't get this feedback in my life .
so , the problem of world of warcraft is that it 's so satisfying to be on the brink of epic victory at any time , that we 'd rather spend all our time in these freak shows .
they 're just better than reality .
up until today , all the world of warcraft together have been spending solving the virtual problems of cyber crime .
that 's not necessarily bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
it might sound bad bad .
but to put it in context , back in the days of our first millions of years began to go upright .
the first upstanding primate then .
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
but also appropriate , because it turns out by using all this time to play , we actually change what we as people are capable of .
we develop into a unified thinking , happy being .
that 's the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth
look at these interesting statistics published recently by an explorer of carnegie mellon university , the average young man from today in a country with strong behavioral problems spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending
well , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for kids in the united states , 1 / 2 hours is the exact amount of time they spend in school from the fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth
so , here we have a full athletic scholarship where young people learn exactly what it means to be a good player , like everything they learn at school .
and maybe you read about malcolm gladwell 's new book , " hotshot . "
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of 10,000 hours .
it is based on the research of the scientific community that if we spend 10,000 hours studying the arduous study of any subject until the 21st year , we will become masters of it .
we get as good at doing whatever we do , as the world 's greatest people .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are competitive .
so the big one is , " what exactly are players masterful ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd have virtually no human potential before .
that 's how many people we have in the world right now , who spend at least one a day on a daily basis .
these are our top models .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are exceptionally good at whatever .
you haven 't heard yet ,
the control console develops consoles , conserve energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
they 're expecting an extra billion players in the next decade .
that gives us a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is to master these games .
here are the four things i thought .
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
the urge to do something right now , overcome an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable course of success .
players always believe that winning is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
players are masters in spiders . poets of social networking .
there 's an interesting investigation that we like people more after we play with them even if they beat us badly .
the one that requires a lot of trust in playing a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we have the same goal , and we will stay in it until the end .
so the association allows for the bonding , trust , and each other .
as a result , we create stronger social relationships .
phenomenal productivity .
you know , there 's a reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason
the thing is , if we play , we 're actually happier working hard than doing nothing .
we know that as human beings , we work perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part in awe of countless missions .
here 's a wikipedia page to put it in perspective .
the second largest trading company in the world , with almost 80,000 entries , is the world of warcraft worldwide .
five million people use it every month .
they 've been gathering more information about world of warcraft at the world of warcraft than any other subject in any of the world 's other projects .
they 're creating an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
it 's people who think they can change the world as individuals .
and the only problem is they think they can change virtual worlds , but not the real one .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward mordrake is a warg .
his work is brilliant , he 's investigating people spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending .
and he says , " we will bear witness to no less than a mass exodus of virtual worlds and space programs . "
and that of an economist , so it 's logical .
and he says ...
not like me ... i 'm developing games , i 'm a little gushy .
well , he says that actually makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
they can bond in games of stronger social bonds than in real life , they get more feedback and rewards in games than in real life .
now , he says it 's perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
i agree on that , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a long-term relationship .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that happened 2,500 years ago .
there are these ancient cubes made out of rubber cement .
before these fantastic summer nights , there were these ...
and these were , in a sense , the first of human beings to develop human dna .
and if you 're familiar with the works of the ancient greek word word word word word word word word word word word word word legend of the ancient greek word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
it is said that games of more precise nature were invented in the kingdom of samarza .
supposedly there was such a great famine that the king of tiryns chose a crazy idea .
people suffered , people fought .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented a game of craps , a national strategy , and one day you 'd eat , and the next day you 'd play .
and they 're so absorbed in the craps game because games are like that and surround us with satisfying , productive productivity that they forget there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day you 'd play and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to police records , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 're playing games today .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we use games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the interesting thing .
after 18 years , the famine didn 't improve , so the king decided to do one last craps .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a dice game and the victors were allowed to embark on an epic adventure .
they left behind as many people as there were food to survive and searched with the rest to find a place to thrive .
that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but recent dna evidence that the dna evidence that later formed the roman empire shows the same dna as the old test results .
scientists have recently come to believe that what 's going on is true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling system that lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
perhaps they had actually saved their people by playing games for 18 years , and then learned these ideas and so much about playing together , that they saved the entire civilization .
well , we can .
we 've been playing warcraft since 1994 .
this was the first time in real time of the world of warcraft that was years ago .
they 've been playing baby games for 18 years , we 've been playing warcraft for years .
i say we 're ready for our own epic game .
so , you sent half your civilization out looking for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should agree agree agree that half of us will spend one a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world .
i know you 'll be asking , " how do we solve problems in the real world ? " and this is exactly what i 've dedicated my work to the institute for the future future future future future future future future future future future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , which speaks as we should understand it .
we don 't want to see the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
what we want is to create the future future future future future future future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome and then encourage people to put it into reality .
we envision epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'm going to show you three games i 've designed to give people an epic victory in their future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
this is " world without oil . "
the game is 2007 .
it 's an energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
we tested this game with 1,700 players in 2007 and we 've been with them ever since over the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was an out-of-body experience .
no one wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they 're on an epic adventure and they say , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you go to .
find out how they survive , most of our players have kept their habits at the game .
so we set up a bigger , higher goal for the next game than just a game .
we have developed the game of the institute for the future future future future .
point of origin is the calculation of a single molecule that humans have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called global positioning systems , of course .
the call for players to sign in , we 've almost created a " sex sex " theme song .
you know jerry friddle , where there 's the " avatar . " you have the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-con , and only together you can save the world .
eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight
they found some incredibly creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
and the final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final
when you complete the game , from the world bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank
we work with universities all over the country and invite them to study social remodel .
we 've got a comic book , we 've got a level of " high " for computer science , sustainability , vision , and ingenuity .
i 'd like to invite all of you to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in private societies who benefit from imagining their own social enterprise together to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have these fantastic players , we have games that we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree on that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
we have these super powers , highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
i really do , i do , i do , that we play important games together to survive another century on this planet .
and i , i hope you will design and play with me .
if i 'm going to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something i noticed a few months ago when i was writing an article for italian cinema .
i used to write a letter when i was writing , but i was done working on the paper , and i noticed that i 've never looked up what the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
i 'll read you the entry .
" healthy , strong , efficient . "
of course , the issue was a very old , very old .
but in fact , it was an early ' 80s issue when i was just starting elementary school and began to build up and mold my self-image outside my family home , even with the children and the rest of the world around me .
and , thank god , i didn 't use a bathroom mirror back then .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life is in no way a positive way , but today i will celebrate the chances and adventures i have experienced .
so i called up the 2009 science fair right away , and i was expecting to get a more effective piece here .
here 's the updated version of this game plan .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words under " near the edge " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just about the words .
it 's about what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we construct those values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , really believed that the language of a curse has a great power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
so , what do we want to manifest - - a handicapped person or a powerful person ?
just to call a person careless as a child might be enough to limit them and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be better to open doors for you ?
a man who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in wilmington , delaware .
it 's called a " sea tiger " , whose name , as you can imagine , most americans couldn 't pronounce correctly , so he was always called " p. "
and p. always wore very colorful flies and was just perfect for working with children .
i just loved the time i spent in this hospital , except for my physical therapy .
and just imagine , as a child , i even tried to negotiate with p. and so i tried to stop this exercise , but i failed .
and if you do , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i , today , how much his vision of me as a strong and vibrant young girl has formed my self-image and i could imagine myself to be one of nature of powerful , powerful , and charismatic people .
it 's just an example of a lot of how adults can inspire the imagination of a child in children .
but as the most elementary examples of the vue languages prove , already , our language allows us to imagine what we all desire , to allow each and every one to see themselves as powerful people .
our language is behind the social issues that have been triggered by technological change in many cases .
so perhaps this technological change is clearer than ever that there was always a truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
of course , we are defined by the challenge , whether it is physical , emotional , or even both .
and i say that 's good .
adversity is not an obstacle we have to overcome to deal with our lives better .
adversity is just part of our lives .
and i tend to view adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's barely visible , but he 's always with me .
and i don 't want to minimize the impact or the struggle of a human being .
there are odds and challenges in life , and they 're just physical reality , and each person deals with it , but it 's not whether we deal with adversity or not , but how we deal with it .
so not only are we responsible for keeping the people we love from harm , but to prepare them to deal with it .
and we don 't do our kids any favors by making them feel they can 't adapt .
you have to separate two things clearly , the medical fact , to be amputated and to the other , the social opinion of whether i 'm disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and lasting handicap i had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks they can describe me with these definitions .
maybe the current concept is that only takes care of what 's broken in you , and how we fix it for each one a greater handicap than the pathology itself .
if we don 't treat a human being without feeling its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
we 're going to demote a human worth to our society .
so we need to look beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
most important , however , is that there is a link between the perception of our shortcomings and our subconscious .
we should not belittle or deny these times , we should not attempt to avoid them , nor should we sweep them under the carpet , but this is about facing adversity .
i may be more concerned with the odds of us not having to overcome , but that we are open to hugging them , grabbing them , using a power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
and perhaps we can overcome adversity as something natural , useful and useful and feel less burdened by their presence .
this year , we celebrate the 100th birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed out something very true in human character .
i would put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survive , not the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt .
conflict creates creativity .
not only from darwin 's work , we know that the human 's ability to survive and to survive is determined by the struggle of the human mind to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
so , again , change and adaptation are the greatest human skills .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're really tested .
perhaps this is the point of adversity , a perception of me , a sense of our own power power power power power power power power power power power .
we can give ourselves this .
we can give odds a new meaning beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
maybe we can see adversity as a change .
adversity stands for a change we haven 't adapted to yet .
i think the biggest damage we 've done ourselves is to believe we 're supposed to be normal .
who 's normal ?
there 's no normal .
there 's the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and you really want to meet this poor , gray person if they really existed ?
i don 't think so .
members of our society have always claimed one thing : to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , were carrying older people and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened because the life experience of these people was valuable to society in survival .
you didn 't consider these people damaged and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i was in the city where i grew up , i was in a small town in that red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was standing there a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me say , " well , if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man , and i had no who he was .
and i said , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her from her mother 's stomach . "
oh , him .
and of course , it just clicked .
that was kean , a man i knew only from stories of my mother , because , of course , i was two weeks late for my birthday .
the doctor 's diagnosis was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who gave birth to me at all .
and because i was born with no teeth marks , and my feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , keen has changed his mind .
he understood that the medical diagnosis and how someone deals with it is two different things .
and i , too , have changed my mind in the course of time , if you had asked asked asked asked asked asked to ask me if i had traded my prosthetic legs for flesh and bone , i wouldn 't have hesitated a second .
i wanted to look normal back then .
if you ask me that today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's because i experienced something with my legs , and not in spite of those experiences .
and maybe that change could also happen because i 've met so many people who opened doors to me instead of meeting people who wanted to narrow me down or wanted me to have a family reunion .
look , it really only takes one person to demonstrate how you can manifest your powers , and you 're done .
if you allow someone to activate their own inner powers , the human mind is so ... if you can do that , and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , you 're a very good teacher to these people .
they teach them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
it means to bring out something that is within you that is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
once again , what potential do we want to access ?
in the 1960s , in britain , a case study was done in a case study , and in those days , ice sculptures were converted into ice sculptures .
they call that " tracking device " back there in the u.s. we call it tracking .
the students will be divided by grades .
and the students are tested verbally , get better teachers , etc .
they then gave over a period of time students with a " sufficient " the grade " very good , and they were told they were aces , that they were very smart , and after those three months , they really wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote the " a " .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around , the other way around , they 're just enough .
and so it was after the three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who were dropping out of school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't privy .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the students with the grade , and that 's how they treated them and treated them .
the only real disability is a broken spirit a spirit that has been broken has no hope , nothing more .
but if we can help the human mind continue to hope to find ourselves and people around ourselves beautiful to be curious and imaginative and then we really use our powers to be positive .
when a spirit has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how do you want to be better than you are right now ?
assuming i said that by a few of your genes , a better memory could be more precise , precise and faster .
or do you want to be better , stronger , stronger .
would you like to become more attractive and more confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you 're one of those who always wanted more creativity .
which do you like most ?
what would you like to have if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative
that 's very good .
how many choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one , it would be a whole world .
is this all just my imagination ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a ongoing topic here on the planet 's surface , but today i 'd like to give you a doctor 's opinion on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , geneticist , who was also a geneticist at the russian orthodox church , wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote an essay once wrote the title " nothing in biology makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
but if you accept biological evolution , remember this , is it just about the past , or is it about the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
is it legal or is it affecting us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of the process , far at the end , is , of course , what matters most .
we branch from a common ancestor to a modern chimpanzee about six or millions years ago .
in that time period , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of weather patterns of time travel .
we 've come and gone .
we 've been here for about 130,000 years .
it 's like we 're pretty remote from the other parts of life , but mostly , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it and commandeer the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human genome which is used to treat diabetics ?
this is not like the protein , this is the same protein that is chemically extracted from the pancreas .
and speaking of germs , are you aware that each of us in our bowels has more bacteria than cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe ten times as many .
i mean , do you think that if antonio banderas asks about her self-image , you 're thinking about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will offer them all the nutrients they could only wish for without any effort on their part .
it 's really an easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
but if you 're an environment for this bacteria , you 're just as important to their lives .
they help the digestion nutrients and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what will happen in the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future ?
are we in some kind of balanced balance in the form of a spiral ?
or are we supposed to be something else - something that might even be better suited to the environment ?
in this vast unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single measure , and of human life , a small measure .
we were .
this is also the occasion of this occasion , so i , d ace , have enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first solo career .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power , and the cell 's genetic information is being led to both worlds .
but by the time the organisms showed up , things started to change .
procreation occurs in the image .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual
as a matter of fact , you could say that the death of our body is now occurring like the reproduction of our body .
i 've come to understand the feelings of george burns , who put his show in las vegas in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he 's opening the door .
in front of him is a beautifully sparsely populated showgirl .
she looks at him , and she says , " i 'm here to take care of business . "
" that 's wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
i came to the realization as a doctor that was different from the goal of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , only contradictory .
i was trying to preserve the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about passing the human race to the next generation , adaptation and survival by generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are designed like booster rockets to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to then fall into the sea .
i think we all want to understand the mood that made everyone understand when he said , " i don 't want to achieve immortality by my work .
i want to do it by not dying . "
evolution does not necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
it 's not necessarily the greatest , the strongest , or the fastest , and not even the brightest .
evolution stimulates the creatures best suited to their environment .
it 's just the test of survival and success
on the ocean 's surface , bacteria are accounted for , and thus surviving the hot steam , if fish were there , it would have cooked vacuum fish , yet they have it to make a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some kind of balance .
and the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason
and second , we , as an environmental group , have configured our environment so that we can adapt to it exactly as we adapt to it .
and by the way , we walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , imposed by nature 's forces course .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly grinding but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , if we colonize distant planets as a species , there will be insulation and the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third option , a tantalizing , fascinating and terrifying possibility
i call it- - the new development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
well , how did this happen ?
how could we do this ?
let 's start with the reality that today , in some cultures , people make decisions about their offspring .
they are , in some cultures , choosing to have more men than women .
it 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so you think that if it weren 't only possible to choose the sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
what if they could do the genetic ones to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or eliminate the reproductive process or stroke ?
don 't you want to turn these into genes ?
if we go back , that kind will be more and more possible .
the human genome project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same for $ 20 million in between four months .
today , you can complete a sequence of the three billion dollar pieces of the human genome at a price of about $ 20,000 and into the space of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality is that there will be the $ 1,000 human donor cell , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin produces in bacteria can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but also serve to protect viruses .
believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in progress with a vaccine for influenza which has been grown in the cells of an infectious disease .
can you imagine anything good coming from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
then just imagine two little changes changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and eggs or the newly fertilized egg to give children a better chance to live a healthier life - remove diabetes , reduce risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the most advanced technology , the same science that can allow them to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt a better memory .
don 't the witty repartee of a ken jennings novel , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of movie stars ?
don 't you have the fast ones that will make you run faster and longer ?
no longer live ?
these will be irresistible .
and if we are in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we will be converted from sustainable evolution to sustainable evolution .
we 'll have a process that usually requires maybe years , and we can compress it to a thousand years , and maybe even for the next 100 years .
these are decisions that your grandchildren or their grandchildren will have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society better , more successful , more friendly ?
or are we gonna choose different attributes that we want for ourselves and not for us ?
are we going to form a society that is more durable and durable , or more robust and diverse ?
these are the kind of questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
and most of all , will we ever be able to learn the wisdom and master the wisdom we will need to make that decision wisely ?
for better or worse , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be up to us .
thank you .
i want you to think of something now , a portable robot that gives you superhuman abilities , or someone else to help you stand up and go .
we at berkeley , we call these robots space madness .
they 're nothing but something they put on in the morning that gives them extra strength and that will increase their speed and that will help them maintain their balance , for example .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not just merge the -- and network with the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now to tell you what we 're working on , we start by talking about american soldiers , who , on average , wears about 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request that you wear more equipment .
of course , this leads to some significant complications , 30 % of chronic kidney problems .
so we thought that we would accept this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you to the human universal remote carrier .
i can carry 200 pounds of dirt with this , for many hours .
its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to present this device with our satellite image , this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now , let 's take a look at these wheelchairs , something i 'm particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people in wheelchairs who are valued in the world .
that 's about 1 % of the time limit .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people here who were hit by fate in the prime of their lives in the ' 20s , ' 30s , ' 40s , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the aging population , which numbers multiplied .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a minor stroke or complications is the wheelchair .
and that 's how it 's been for , by the way , for 500 years since his , as i must say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me introduce you to a pair of diamond earrings worn by amanda rehme , who suffered a kidney transplant 19 years ago , which resulted in her unable to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it 's got sensors .
its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
here are also some marble pillars , the spring floor is attached to the hips , as well as the leather chair that moves forward in this very supple and very natural gait .
i was in my best shape 24 years old when i was knocked over by an electric eel .
one second i lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost
not long after that , a doctor in my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you will never walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole a spark of spark from my heart .
ever since then , i 've had the habit of learning to ski again , climb and even ride a bike .
but nothing was invented that would let me go , until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have them , we have the platforms to discuss us and with them .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the wheelchairs , but for everyone .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of rd for a nonprofit called robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight the fire as an assistant to a volunteer fire truck .
well , in our town , where volunteers have backed up an elite military unit , you have to be at the police station pretty early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the county fair , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the captain responsible and find out what our duties are .
when i found the captain , he had just had a very serious conversation with the landlady who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night and she was in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella outside in the pouring rain , her house was on fire .
the volunteer who had arrived just before me let us call him lex luther first reached the captain and was asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to go to the house and to save the house and to save the owner 's dog .
the dog !
there was some lawyer or money manager who could now tell people for the rest of his life that he went into a burning house to save a living being because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me over .
he said ,
you need to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking now , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down where i met my sworn enemy and my beloved dog at the front door .
we carried our treasures outside to the landlady , where , no surprise , he received far more than mine .
weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the owner of the house where she was thanking for the valiant effort to save her house .
a most cherished kindness , someone had even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and in my profession as a volunteer firefighter , i bear witness to generosity and kindness on a great scale , but i also see acts of charity and the work of individuals .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so , when i look around this room and i see people who have either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve at a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but every day gives us the opportunity to change one .
so go ahead , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i 've just come back from a community that knows the concept of mankind .
a place where women run the scepter , say hello with " hello " , and the game determines the day where serious business is .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of wild west africa in the jungles of congo .
we 've got chimps and chimps and our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggressiveness .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect in the story of human evolution .
but if we show the other side of the medal , we 'll show the other side .
chimps run by big , scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to a highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
but unfortunately , the most common among the primates are known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
they live in the depths of the nether stone , and are very difficult to observe .
the congo is a paradox a land of extraordinary beauty and the heart of darkness itself the scene of a violent confrontation that has raged for decades and almost as many lives as the first world war .
it 's not surprising that this destruction will also endanger the survival of the fittest .
i 'm sure the decline of the football field will lead to the fact that you couldn 't even fill a stadium with the remaining football fields , and we 're not there to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear a hidden laughter that shakes the trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know them as " love instead of war , " because they have common , even more common , with different partners , and rules such conflicts and social situations .
i 'm not saying that this is the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the food industry is more than the kama sutra .
- --
game doesn 't just mean kid 's game .
for us , and it is a fundamental game to the commitment of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game increases creativity and strength , and most importantly , the creation of variety of interactions , variety of behaviors , variety of behaviors .
and when you watch tv shows at the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and rituals .
game is the kitt that 's gonna kill us .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i 'd like to show you unique footage straight from the wild .
first , a ball game on slow motion , and i 'm not thinking football .
so here we see a young female and a male in a female body .
look at what she 's doing .
that could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
except i think he likes it more , don 't you ?
yes !
so it 's common in both human and human .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms that some are a little quieter , imaginative , curious , perhaps to rediscover the wonder again .
and i want to show you , this is a young woman , a young woman , and she plays with water peacefully .
i think , just like you , sometimes we play alone , and we transcend boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it 's this newfound curiosity that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
this is just a little taste of the insights that we can see through the past and present .
but you , too , are one for our future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
the thing is , the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our favorite game .
to successfully adapt us to a more modern world , we must play .
but are we going to make the best of our wedding ?
play is not silly ,
it 's essential .
for men and women alike , life is not teeth and claws alone .
just when it 's hardly appropriate , perhaps the game is most important .
and so , my fellow scientists , let us play this gift of embracing and embracing evolution together , the creativity the camaraderie and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two great couples , mid 1979 , at exactly the same moment , a baby is born .
so two pair , you have a baby .
now i don 't want you to spend too much time imagining the conception , because if you 're imagining the conception all the time , you 're not gonna listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing a y chromosome that meets the egg 's x chromosome .
and in the other case , the semen carries an x chromosome that meets the egg 's x chromosome .
they 're both burned , both detonated .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my activities i have two hats on .
under a hat , i deal with the history of anatomy .
i am a student of animal agriculture , and in this case , i am investigating how people with anatomy of bypassed by d.h. human body , as you did with bodily fluids , as you thought about bodies .
the hat i wore at my work is the activist , as an activist , or , as i sometimes say , as a mild-mannered lawyer of people who are patients of doctors .
in that case , i 've worked with people who have social standards .
that 's how i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
so , i 've been working with people who were less than usual .
and very often , i have worked with people who have sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
and in general terms , we can use the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
there 's a lot of different forms of communication .
i 'm just giving you some examples of the possible types of male or female standards .
in one case , you might have had someone with an xy chromosome , and the combined gene of the y genome lab , which we all have at a stage , grow testicles .
and that 's why the testicles at the lowest stage of testosterone .
but because this individual lacks receptors to detect the testosterone , the body doesn 't react to testosterone .
and that 's what they call a ...
so much testosterone , but no reaction .
as a consequence , the body develops more to follow the typical female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl , raised as a girl .
but it takes her most of the time to reach puberty and develop her breasts , but she doesn 't get her period until someone comes to think there 's something different here .
and they run some tests and they find out that instead of ovaries and womb , they actually have testicles inside her and that she has a y chromosome .
it 's important to understand that this person could be considered male , but they 're not .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that is called a " death wish . "
they 're in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands are showing hormone levels of adrenal hormones .
most women , like me , i think i 'm a typical woman . i don 't really know my actual sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
we 're producing mass production and we 're responding to mass production .
the result is that someone like me actually has a more primal brain than a woman who was born with testicles and has a brain tumor .
so sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
he had an extreme form of a congenital heart defect .
he has xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so active that they essentially created a male reproductive organ .
and as a consequence , his genitals became masculine , his body was the most masculine part of the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - no one knew .
and when he was 19 years old , he had enough medical problems , actually , because he realized inside that the doctors found out he was female .
just a quick example of an okay version of " okay . "
some people with chromosomes . they develop something called the " nucleus " , where molecular bonds are shrouded in chromosomes .
we don 't know exactly what 's happening .
so sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
the , uh , children with this kind of body - - -- - -- - --
in many cases , these people are completely healthy .
the thing about you often being subjected to various types of surgical procedures is because you threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain environmental group is associated with a certain identity existence .
so , we have the concept of being a woman is to have a female identity , to be a black person , is allegedly to have an african anatomy in terms of your own history .
so we have this horrible , horrible , horrible idea .
and when we 're faced with a body that actually represents something very different to us , it confuses us with the implications of this .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , two people in one body ,
where i had experienced most of the excitement lately , was the south african caster caster caster caster known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
a lot of journalists called me with the " tested test will you do , who will tell us if caster female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalists that this test doesn 't exist .
we now know that sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
and that 's not just about gender .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be more complicated than our terminology allowed .
in our minds , we are in all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
for example , we 're looking at the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimps .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we are only different from them by a few light years ?
if we continue to advance our science further and further , we will continue to enter an area of the space-time continuum where we must acknowledge that the socioeconomic categories which we probably had are too simple .
we see this in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas where we see this as the main event in our modern culture , in today 's united states , is the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about where a body becomes human so that it has a different right than life itself .
we have very difficult confrontations these days , perhaps not as public as in medicine on when someone is dead .
our ancestors never had this hard to fight with when someone died .
the most you 've done is put a feather under someone 's nose , and if it moved , you haven 't buried it yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today we are in a situation where we are taking people 's vital organs and trying to transplant them to other people .
and as a result , we get caught fighting with the really difficult , when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple categories as we used to .
now you could assume that the whole collapse of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i 'm politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it 's making me nervous .
to realize that these categories are a lot more insecure than we thought , it 's making me tense .
and it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
so to tell you about this tension , i must first confess that i am a big fan of the founding fathers .
i know that you were an investment banker , i know that you were an investment banker , but you were great .
i know that you 've been so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you 've done that every few years , i find myself looking at the musical in 1776 , and it 's not because of the music that 's absolutely impossible to forget .
it 's because of what happened in 1776 with the cabinet ministers .
the founding fathers from my point of view were the original ira activists , which is why .
what she was proposing was an elaborate concept , and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us was essential .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was based in a very fragile concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world didn 't have a concept based on dna , but they had a concept of dna .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they believed that people with political power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new unifying concept , and this concept said that all men were created equal .
they took the playing field and decided that anatomically , the similarities counted , not the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did part of it because they were part of a system where two things worked together .
democracy was growing , but at the same time science was growing .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them are very interested in science , and they were in a concept of a more modern world .
they walked away from supernatural explanations of supernatural behavior , and they expressed things like a supernatural concept of power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power control , where the transmission is based on a very vague , very vague , very complex of birthright .
they moved to a more complex concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
they 're not talking about god and the nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they gave us a concept that was all about common ground .
and with that , they 've really prepared the future civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women succeeded .
next , the successful civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil
we will find men in the ranks of the most ruthless people who say , " i am a man . "
again , people of different color , who have chosen to distinguish themselves from irreconcilable differences , again , successfully .
we 'll see the same thing at the school .
of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to put into places , we maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i 'd like to maintain certain breakups , anatomically , in our culture .
for example , i don 't want to give a fish the walking rights of a man .
i don 't want to say that we should stay away from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that five-year-olds are entitled to consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent consent arrangements .
so there are separate breakups that make sense to me , and i think we should .
but the challenge is to try try try try try find out what it is and if we can make them useful .
so let 's get back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of the millennium .
we conceived two beings , both in the middle 1979 exactly by day .
let 's imagine that one of you , maria , was born three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
only because of the fact that maria was born three months premature , she gains all possible rights three months before heinrich the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich must wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological , only because of his birth .
we 'll find other forms of communication regarding what your rights are .
heinrich , since it is believed to be male , although i did not tell you that he is the one with xy , since it is believed to be male , he can now be drafted , which which which which which maria is not to worry about .
but maria , on the other hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so , we have these stable , stable , stable categories that are problematic and questionable in many ways .
and for me , it turns out , what are we going to do , that our science is making such progress in anatomy , that we have to reach a point where we have to admit that a democracy that could fall apart ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes it feels like science has its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
so where are we going ?
it 's like our culture is taking a kind of pragmatic stance , " well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so we 'll find them somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught up in a very strange position .
so , for example , texas decided at one point that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
well , in practice , people don 't get tested for their brain cells .
but it 's also very bizarre , because of the story i told you about the sex sex sex at first .
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream " kind of a solution .
he says we 're not supposed to do people by the color of their skin , but by the quality of their character , and so beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i would also like to say that i , too , probably , am also aware of bright weather conditions that are more capable of , uh , ability to communicate , uh , sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
so how are we supposed to do that after the qualities of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that could be visible in time travel ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it 's really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader of the united states is thinking about questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
in our struggle for democracy , we 've done our thing really well , and i think we 're doing our thing well in the future .
conditions like that don 't exist in our country .
i 'm afraid to say that we don 't have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago who brought a pair of siamese twins with him to separate them , in part to make a name .
i replied , " now you 've considered political asylum instead of surgery to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunity to be people who you are without having to change for the state 's sake .
that 's why i think we need to lead the way .
well , just to close , i want to realize that i 've talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to reflect on the possibilities of what democracy might look like , or look like if we had gotten the mothers involved more .
and i 'd like to say something that 's a little radical for a feminist , and i think there might be different kinds of insights that stem from different types of anatomy when people use a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
for years , because i 've been interested in the research department .
and one of the things i thought was really interesting is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and act in the world .
what we 've learned from extracurricular studies is that women , on average , don 't give each , but on average , tend to tend complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable within the group , are a lot of attention .
and that 's why when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was making a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
he said , " tell me what 's female about feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest thing i 've ever heard .
in feminism , it 's all about unraveling gender stereotypes , so feminism isn 't female .
but the more i thought about his , the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism .
it means that there might be something , on average , that would make female brains differ from male , which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and maybe that 's where we need to go when democracy on anatomy takes less to think about the individual body and more about relationships .
so that when we try as a people to make a more meaningful connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and this is , i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love to , at every opportunity , find a different , crazy outfit , wear , and lately photograph and blog .
but i 'm not buying anything new .
i get all my clothes from the second hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
ooh , thank you .
i 'm allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and the influence on my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars usually serve a good cause ; i look pretty unique , and it does shopping for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
when everyone is loud , i feel like i 've won the numbers .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed here at ted 's for this exciting week .
i mean , what does someone with so many outfits bring ?
so i 'll show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of underwear , and that 's all .
underpants for a week is all i put in my suitcase .
i made a bet that i 'd find everything else i might have wanted , only if i came to palm springs once .
and since you haven 't heard from me as the woman walking around here with ted in her underwear , that means i found some stuff .
and i want to show you my outfits for this week .
sound good ?
if i do , i will also give you the lessons that i , believe or not , learned from these adventures , nothing new .
let 's start sunday .
i call that the radiant tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look pretty .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i wore that week .
color is a little more colorful .
it 's almost physiologically impossible to be in a mood when wearing puffy pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
adaptation is overrated .
i 've spent a lot of time of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
if you surround yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i play dress-up or that i play them at their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost like that .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught it taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught a day and a half .
but when i turned 30 , i really did understand what that meant .
and i will briefly summarize this for you .
if you think you 're a nice person inside and out there 's nothing you can 't carry .
so there 's no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal one , five words , gold pieces of evidence match everything .
and finally , saturday , developing a unique , unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word shot .
it was proven to me over and over again when people came to me this week simply because of what i was wearing and i had great conversations .
obviously , this won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm gonna donate it all back .
because the lesson i myself am trying to learn this week is to let go .
i don 't have to get emotionally attached to these things , because right around the corner there 's always gonna be another crazy , brooding , shining outfit waiting for me when i have a little love in my heart and i 'm looking for it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everyone .
i have something here i want to show you .
think of this as a training exercise , as a flying pirate ship .
that 's what we call in our lab , a more sophisticated design .
let me tell you a little about it .
some time ago , when you wanted to win a formula 1 race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then they won the race .
this is what you , in a state of mind , would be called a business opportunity .
and basically , it 's a system that 's made of two parts - - a partial piece and a partial plate .
what 's interesting these days is the beginning of our lives .
our cities have just been equipped with networks and electronics over the last few years .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer in the open , the others start to react in ways that are perceived and powered .
when we make up cities , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the world population live there .
they 're 75 % of the co2 emissions .
so if we do something about the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
this is from an exhibition organized by paola antonelli for moma later this year .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , start talking back to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost as if atom is going to be both out there , a sensor and a subspace transmitter .
and that radically changes the interaction we humans have outside with our environment .
in a way , it 's almost like michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , our environment begins for the very first time , to us .
i will show you only examples of our surroundings , with the idea of increasing and pushing .
let us begin to perceive .
now , the first project i 'd like to introduce you to is one of the first truths of our laboratory .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer 2006 .
it was when italy won the championship .
you will remember it was when italy played against france , and then in the end , the head bump .
anyway , italy won in the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity happening on the network .
here you see the city .
you see the colosseum in the middle , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see the time line upstairs .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game begins - - silence .
france scores a goal , italy scores a goal .
halftime , people make a short call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
head bump in one moment .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , they all went to the centre around the ministry of culture and the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square massimo , where , since roman time , people have been going to celebrate to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
another example of feeling it 's not about people , it 's about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map to show you all the chips made by a mac computer , how they came together .
but we know very little about where things go .
so we actually designed little markers in this project to track the trash he 's going through the system .
so we started with a few volunteers that helped us a little more than a year ago in seattle to mark the things that they were doing- - different kinds of things as they can see - things they 're throwing away anyway .
then we put the little chips , the little tokens on the trash , and we started chasing him .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized there 's a lot of data in the system .
we can do things with less power power power power power power .
the data was unavailable before .
but this is going to happen to a lot of useless transports and complicated things .
but the thing is , we believe that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle we throw away every day .
and if that 's what we want people to know , then we can move on to a more aggressive approach .
so this is the one for the project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in spain .
it started with one of the mayor who came to us and said that spain and asturias have a beautiful tradition of using water as part of the architecture in public places .
and it was , " how can you connect new ones ? "
and one of the ideas that was being investigated by an electrical fire was imagine those tubes , and valves , vents that open and close .
you 're causing a kind of like a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a
if these metal objects fall down , you can write a letter , you can read patterns , images , lines .
and you can get close to him , and he will open up to let you know as you can see in this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor himself .
he really liked it .
and we were ordered to design a building at the expo entrance .
we called it the digital water supply .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here 's how the building works .
you see the person wondering what 's happening inside .
and here you see me when i was trying to test the sensors that opened the water , not get wet .
well , i should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , it was an even bigger one that night .
all the children from tsechow came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had pauses and holes in the water , you had to go without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as designers , we always think about how people use the things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used and interacting with people .
now here 's a picture of the building with the physical walls , the reflections of water and the projections on it .
and this is what got us thinking about the following project i 'm about to show you .
imagine if these air currents could really start flying .
imagine you could have little helicopters flying through the air , and each one of you with a little fluorescent light , almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , completely in sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have some kind of reflective screen or display , like this , an even formation in two dimensions .
or irregular , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , is not the position of light .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine , in front of the screen could just appear in different sizes or sizes in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could only be a 3-d cloud of quantum particles that you can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
here you see a real metal box , the metal wall , to shape like before .
if you turn on the light , it looks like it , just like we saw before .
imagine that every single person is controlled .
it could have a pulse of every single particle of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
i want to show you something first .
we 've been working with roberto fielding , one of the finest ballet dancers of our time , the most distinguished theatre in new york , and the scala in milan , we 've recorded his movements in 3-d to use them as a pulse for the musical theater .
here you see roberto dance .
on the left , you can see the flashes , the various tactile impressions .
it 's also a stress test and a stress test .
so they can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we 've all got the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
we 'd like to use that as a possible pulse for the graviton field .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we 're working on for the london olympics .
it 's called the cloud , the cloud .
the idea is , in turn , imagine what we 're going to bring people back in to do something and change the environment - - almost what we call putting out to build a barn door , but with a cloud .
imagine that anyone can donate a small donation to the charity fund .
i think that 's remarkable of what has happened in recent years , which has been decades , that we have moved from physical to a digital world .
it digitized everything , knowing , making it accessible through the gate .
these days , for the first time , and the obama 's campaign has shown this , we can from the digital world , from the evolving powers of the networks to the physical world .
it can be , in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol symbol symbol symbol symbol .
that means something built in the city .
but tomorrow , in order to challenge us , think about climate change or co2 emissions , how can we change from the digital world to physical physics ?
so the idea is that we actually involve people in doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is once again a cloud of , like , a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , and our cloud is a cloud of vapour .
it 's an architectural structure in london , but it 's covered in rock formations .
they can move inside and have different kinds of experience .
you can actually see it from the bottom , share the most important moments for olympia 2012 and then use it as a way to connect with the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
you can go in .
and a kind of digital lighthouse at night - - but as a radio operator , a new kind of experience for everyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , the context is very important to me .
through my work , i try to say that people aren 't separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy , i tried to grasp what was in front of me .
the icebergs around me nearly 60 meters out of the water , and all i could do was wonder that it was a snowflake on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are born as the calf of an ice horse , or breaking out of ice caps .
each iceberg has its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
they interact with their surroundings and experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , and hold it no longer and plunge into a fit of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
but the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
an iceberg melts , i inhale its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the iceberg melts away the water that feeds many life forms .
i take my pictures of these icebergs as if i were taking portraits of my ancestors in those individual moments that exist and will never again exist .
it is not death when they melt ; it is not an end , but a continuation of their journey along the cycle .
part of the ice in the ice that i 'm melting is very young - a thousand years old .
and part of the ice is more than a year old .
the final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final
very rarely do you actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here it is .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
look at the shape of the iceberg and where he is at the bottom of the iceberg .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
that 's the average size of a shoe .
it rises about 120 feet feet feet from the water , or 40 meters .
and this is real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly extremely blessed by working on some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was this guy .
his name is ...
he was one of the world 's leading men of the ' 80s .
then one day , he came back from walking and said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the onset of the als .
she 's completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design work , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect respect
we have therefore decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his father and said , " we will give you this money ,
what will you do with it ? "
and he said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to talk to him again , and i said , " wait a minute , isn 't it- - i 've seen stephen hawking - can 't all paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you 're a member of the higher security community and have a remarkable insurance policy , you can really do that .
normal people are unable to access these devices . "
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen the movie " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run along .
i 'm like , " how can that be ? "
so i came with the need to just write write a check , and instead i wrote a check i didn 't have the faintest idea how to cash it .
because it 's a farce that someone who still has it in them can 't communicate it . "
so i talked to a conference months later .
i ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran
so they go around and they make like these .
they say that all the things that show up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the swear words , then the swear words , then the swear words , and finally , people actually make art art art art art art .
but there was always a life cycle in presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after an organization and a lot of things , we did things .
first of all , we 've got the insurance companies to unlock the doors , and we 've actually got a machine to communicate with , a stephen hawking machine .
that was incredible .
and he 's really hilarious - - i call him yoda because you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i 'm so undignified , this guy is unbelievable . "
we also flew seven programmers from all over the world , literally from all corners of the world , to our home .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
a lot of our friends thought that we were pretty stupid to do this and that we went back and all the pictures on the walls left graffiti .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog , and we created this .
it 's called a blood clot , and you can see the description .
it 's a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought off the boardwalk from venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a dna sample , put it on a data server , and now we have a device that 's available - you can build it , we provide it for free , the software can be downloaded for free .
so we created a device completely free of restrictions .
no insurance can change ,
no hospital either .
every cripple can actually communicate with or draw by himself .
thank you .
thank you so much . that was incredible .
at the end of the two weeks , we went back to carey 's room .
i love this picture because it 's someone 's room and this is his room .
there 's this whole shindig before the big unveiling
and after more than a year of planning , two weeks of internet activity , and nights of internet activity , tony drew for the first time in seven years .
and this is an impressive picture , because this is his life-support system , and he 's looking beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
we tilted his bed so he could look outside .
we 've put a projector up against a wall in front of the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
funny thing , we also had to break break into the parking lot , so we felt right about being part of the gang unit .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail with the following content : " for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i feel like i 've been pulled under water and finally someone reached down and pulled up mine so i can breathe . "
isn 't that amazing ?
it 's like our battle cry .
it keeps us in line and keeps us developing .
and we still have a lot to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing piece of equipment , but it 's coming up in a time warp .
and someone with such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we 've received all kinds of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming out of our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong was above us , and then , in december , we were honored as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest thing about it - - and that concludes the circle - - that this april , at the busiest downtown los angeles exhibition , there will be an exhibition called " of the streets "
and there , pretty much , will be the toughest representatives of the south koreans - - - - the shepard boys will be there .
yeah .
so basically , the point is , if you see something that 's impossible , make it happen .
everything in this room was impossible - - this stage , this computer , this microphone , this microphone , this microphone - - everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - all of you here .
i 'm not a programmer , and i 've never had anything to do with computer technology , but i just picked up something and surrounded myself with amazing , so we could work something out together .
and this one should face each of you every single day when you notice something that needs to be done .
thank you .
well , i write for kids , and i 'm probably america 's most hated book writer .
and i always tell them i don 't want to come from them like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one ever voted for a farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and revelations .
well , enlightenment is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a circle .
one of my friends did it - - richard dimaso .
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle began back in the ' 60s at high school , ohio , where i was the junior high school .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week by a teacher to save my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the bathroom in the teacher 's lounge .
she secretly did .
she did it for three years ,
and i had to leave town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me in san francisco in california - - i thought i had a lover - and back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to take a job with a girl .
about three or four years ago , i got a call from that teacher in the middle of the night who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sad we never met as adults .
can you come to ohio and please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
" and i should mention that i have an appointment , and i would like you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for her , we took her there , and we took care of her , and we gave up on her family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to get to know me as an adult , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation i was talking about revealed .
the revelation is that death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs beauty and beauty , and i am so that the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
he needs the same - - he needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's up to us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a large explosion , raise it to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
" click , click , click , click . "
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place that day ; i was sitting on the sidelines .
i was the only one who could talk to the elders .
so i looked right at them and they said , " no problem , we caught some birds . "
the pilot had turned the machine and we weren 't so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot turned the machine to the hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
can you imagine a flying plane ?
and then he said three words - - the most eloquent words i 've ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't need to talk to the school board anymore .
i could see it in my eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
i thought about it later , and i thought of a phrase that says , " i collect bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
because when the person is ready and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to move anything in my life again .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned that day , and that was when we missed the george washington bridge , pretty much by a hair , i thought , man , there 's one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and my mistakes , i wanted to get better in everything i could .
but in my humanity , i also gave space to my ego .
and i regretted the time i wasted on meaningless things with people who matter .
and i was thinking about my relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and after thinking about it , i decided to put negative energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i 'm not trying to be right anymore ; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned - - the one inside , " 15 , 14 , 13 ... "
you can see the water coming .
i said , " blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as you know from documentaries .
if we crash , i had this feeling , man , dying is not terrifying .
almost like we 've been preparing for this all our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness was really in one thought , which i just want one thing .
i just wish i could watch my kids grow up .
about a month after that , i went to see a performance of my daughter , first graders , not much artistic talent ...
... not yet .
and i 'm celebrating , i 'm crying like a little kid .
and in the world , everything made sense to me .
i realized then , by connecting the dots , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i have received another gift , which to look into the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
my call to all those who are flying today , please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
what do you do that you put off because you think you 'll be there forever ?
how do you change your relationships and change the negative energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
and more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the wheel frame is quite simple .
we don 't want iran to build the bomb .
the most important position there for the development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
the gray boxes you see here , they 're the ones you see .
now , if we can compromise the systems that control the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
these gray boxes don 't run with rubber bands ; they 're based on a completely different .
but if we can get an effective wi-fi signal on a laptop used by a computer code to configure this gray box , then we 're in business .
and this is the planning behind the scenes .
so , we 'll start with a blood test .
the dna sequences are being transferred into the gray box , damaging the centrifuge , and the iranian nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear program is being delayed - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we first began our research on earth six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose of this experiment was .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and it seemed to be a little more comfortable , with these gray boxes , these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the
this excited our attention , and we began an elaborate project where we began our environment with infected people , and we studied this construct .
and then something weird happened .
i mean , he-he acted like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese sniffing around , but didn 't want to eat it .
it made no sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different types of cheese , i realized this was a surgical attack .
fully targeted .
the central computer is actively roaming the gray box when a specific configuration has been detected , even if the specific program that tries to infect it is on this target .
and if you don 't , then don 't do anything .
well , that really piqued my interest , and we started working almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could be , say , a converted american power power power power power power power power power power power plant in germany .
so we better figure out what the target is soon .
so , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we ,
and we also noticed that they were highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
they knew every bits and bytes they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and if you 've noticed that the financial industry is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the financial industry is a science to itself .
it 's more sophisticated than anything we 've ever seen .
here you see a clip from this binary code .
we 're talking about - - about 15,000 lines code .
it looks pretty much like old-fashioned folk music .
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out this code .
so , the first thing we were looking for , we were looking for , you know , calls for calls , because we know what they do .
and then we went looking for locations and locations and tried to connect them to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories on those targets we could prove or disprove .
to set up these theories , we remember that this is definitely a deliberate sabotage , it has to be a target , and it 's most likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely
well , there aren 't a thousand targets in this area .
basically , it boils down to the nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear
so i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts for power plants and power plants from our client base . "
and i called her and i e-mailed her knowledge to compare her expertise to what we found in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to link the little digital warhead to its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this tracking device , you 're actually able to crack the rotor and eventually explode the centrifuge .
whatever we found out is that the target of the attack was actually to let it happen slowly and painfully , apparently in the attempt to make it desperate , so they wouldn 't be able to figure it out quickly .
the great digital warhead we have received an insight into how we are going to look very closely at data and check out data points .
so , for example , the 164 is very effective in this one ; you can 't miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature about how these rock formations are built in central europe and discovered that they are structured in so-called rock formations and each cascade contains 164 sound effects .
so that made sense , it matched .
and it got better .
these terrorist attacks in iran are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the evidence room ?
an almost identical structure .
so again , that was a really good fit .
and this gave us great confidence in what we were investigating here .
well , don 't get me wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
these results were due to weeks of hard work .
and often we 'd just run into one and have to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually targeting one and the same target , but from different directions .
the small warhead will take over a cascade , then scramble the rotors and slow them down , and the big warhead will interact with six star systems and manipulate valves .
so , in the big picture , we are very confident that we have actually determined what the target is .
it 's just a matter of time , and it 's just a matter of time .
so we don 't have to worry , other people , that targets could be hit by target drones .
here 's some really cool stuff we found .
there 's the gray box down there , and on top of it , you see the metal box .
well , what this thing does is that it intercepts incoming readings from sensors , so , for example , from radio emission and radio signals and it provides legitimate code that still runs the attack with false data .
and in fact , this false data came in from inside out .
so , it 's exactly like back in the ' 80s , where the high-speed pursuit is being fed to the surveillance camera with previously released video .
that 's a lot , isn 't it ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outwit the control systems in the control room .
in fact , it 's even more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human computer system can 't respond fast enough .
for example , in a power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
of course , this can 't be done by a human centipede .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they 're compromised , then really bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
the plant can explode .
and neither the security system will notice it .
that 's frightening .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm about to say is very important .
think about it .
he 's got nothing special to do with street smarts , with family issues .
so , for instance , it would work just as well in a power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
it 's time to go .
and you don 't have to , as the attacker , you don 't have to put the safety valves on a stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick
you could also use common , everyday , everyday , everyday stuff to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you finally get a weapon of mass destruction .
that 's the consequence we have to face .
so , unfortunately , the biggest of targets for such attacks are not in the middle east .
they 're in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most remote environments .
we have to face the consequences , and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have one .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people suspect the mossad is behind it .
is that what you think ?
you really want to know ?
okay .
in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the driving force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
so the driving force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
there 's only one , and that 's the united states - -- - --
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for scaring the crap out of us .
i 've spent the last few years setting myself up in situations that are usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i worked in a coal mine .
i 've been filming in a series of difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days eating this , nothing but fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun .
so when i knew that i would come here to look at the world in a photo shoot and shoot , i knew i would do something a little different .
you may have heard that i put an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent out a couple of phone calls , a couple of phone calls , and i gave the opportunity to purchase the purchase of my 2011 savings account .
but other than that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you have any idea how many people look at this place ?
a whole lot .
it 's just a working title , by the way .
in spite of that warning , i knew that someone was going to buy the tickets .
now , if you had asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to ask me this a year ago , i would not have been able to tell you with certainty .
but in the new project that i 'm working on , my new film , we 're investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
like i said , over the years , i 've been able to put myself in pretty terrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing prepared me for anything as difficult and dangerous as this guy .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a film about a product product placement product placement , marketing and advertising , where the whole movie is funded through product placement , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called " greatest movie ever pay . "
so what happens in " greatest movie ever pay " is that everything , from top to bottom , from beginning to end , is completely by mistake by brand of the movie you 'll see in the movie , that 's the brand x.
now , this brand , the springfield stadium , the staples center ...
these people will be connected to the movie forever .
and so the film will investigate this whole idea that 's what ?
i 'm a very caring person .
that was more for emphasis .
it was forever and ever .
but i 'm sure we won 't just have the " x " brand , but we 'll make sure we become every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we 'll have a shoe , and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven from " greatest movie ever paid " the greatest drink you 've ever had , a attention to the greatest movie ever pay .
so the idea is , besides making brands part of life , actually , get them to finance the movie ?
and we actually show the process of how it works .
the goal of the film is transparency .
you 'll see the whole thing going on in the movie .
so that 's the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy to know that it would help to make this work .
you know , it 's funny because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate for the audience .
i don 't know how people will be receptive .
do you have any perspective i don 't want to use " angles " because that has a negative connotation but do you know how that 's gonna turn out ?
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's going to be hard to talk to your friends , but i think it 's definitely worth it .
who knows , when the movie comes out , we might look like a bunch of idiots .
how do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing because of the movie or a difficult thing because of me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
sir , can you help me ?
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which stamps .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean we wanted a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex .
it turns out it actually meant , " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just like that , all those companies disappeared one by one .
nobody wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was curious .
they wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising , to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it .
especially in today 's world , in this interface of new and old media and the dismembered sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
no , that 's what i thought .
but see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal flaw , and this was this .
actually , no , that was not the mistake at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
you see , if you enter transparency into the security camera , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like your style , sergey pavlovich .
that was the problem : transparency free of deception and deceit , simply to simply to simply to discover , immediately understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood understood that the last line is the biggest problem .
you know , we 're hearing a lot of transparency right now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceos say it .
but when it comes to doing it , something changes .
well , transparency is scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
she 's like this weird highway .
and it 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
look , when i was a kid and my dad caught me lying and there he sits and looks at me with that look , he 'd say , " son , there are three versions of each story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
so what they suddenly began to understand or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your badge is understood that is a comprehensive problem .
i 've got friends who make big , giant space babies , and i have friends who make little baby babies like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
and then my friends , they say , " well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant space monsters ? "
and the movie is called " greatest movie ever pay . "
so how exactly are we gonna see ban in the movie ?
every time i go , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , they 'll see ban deodorant .
and once i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up some of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those perfumes .
it 's either " merge " or " paradise wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
we will be equipped for both men and women ... - - - - - - - -- or a drive , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all your questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller movies , we 're a challenger as a brand .
so we don 't have a budget like any other brands .
so doing this kind of thing , you know , reminds people of ban that 's kind of what we are .
in words , would you describe the ban ?
ban 's broke .
that 's a great one .
superior technology .
it 's not the way you should describe something that someone puts under their armpits .
we 're talking about bold , fresh .
i think fresh is a great word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , fresh , fresh , three times fresh ?
that kind of thing has a cumulative effect .
and this is a family portrait .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street , who 's like me .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
- ' 80s revival hits on rose petals , except on laundry day .
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like lots of black colors , lots of black colors and stuff .
but i usually have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the brand i am is , i 'd say , smooth fly .
i don 't know .
man 3 : i 'm the head guard .
i 'm selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling
so i think this is my badge .
this is my badge in my little distorted industry .
my badge is fedex because i delivered goods .
man 5 : brand new york writer .
can you do that ?
i 'm a lawyer .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the glamorous type , but i often see myself as the interface of dark glamour and flying .
and what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could get inside mine , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " escape hatch . "
and so i thought of a company called olson olsen " a " and " a . "
they 've helped companies like industry leaders , investment firms , financial institutions to discover these financial institutions .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures , right ?
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little how that connects to thoughts and feelings about you .
these are the people who shape my skin .
tell me about this world .
i think your world is the world where you live like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and all .
all these things come from one place , and they come for me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
this was the best day of my life .
in what context does that relate to the thoughts and feelings about you ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird .
tell me about the " where to go " what does it get us ?
what 's the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little more about you than you are .
what other test results did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that her sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands do that ?
first one 's a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , target , wii , mini of mini cooper and funnel .
well , there 's playful brands and red stamps , those things that come and go , but a playful brand is a pretty strong thing .
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to describe her to you , to describe her , to you , to her , to her , to her , to her , to her , to her , to her .
are you something that puts the blood in your veins ?
or are you more of an expert ?
are you something a little quieter , more conservative ?
the art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art ?
or are you more of a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex ?
are you aware and aware like 007 ?
are you established , traditional , protective , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , familiar , secure , sacred , considered and wise like the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of the sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
we went to sao paulo , where no one was allowed .
the whole town hasn 't had a single tv show in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we drove we drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove
the incredible thing for me is that the projects that i 've had most of the feedback or where i 've had the greatest success are those that are where i 'm headed right now .
and that 's what those stamps did ,
because you bypassed the middleman , you bypassed the agencies , and you said that maybe the agencies aren 't really interested .
i 'll deal with the artist directly .
i 'm going to work with him and do something completely different , something that will make people wonder , that our world view .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the movie opened at the sundance film festival , let 's take a look .
the premiere was in january , and ever since then , and that 's not even the whole thing was 900 million hits from that movie .
that actually only covers two and a half weeks .
this is just no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
he doesn 't even exist .
he hasn 't come out in other countries yet .
well , after all , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended clients to keep their hands .
what i firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the entire company to earn a profit .
i have a feeling we need to encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
after all , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
one big spoonful each , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty will get us very far .
and in other words , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk of " welcome transparency " has been brought to you by my good friends in the west indies who paid $ 500,000 for the ebay auction .
large data is transformed into organizations all over the world on great occasions .
_
thank you .
well , morgan , in the name of transparency this , what exactly happened to the $ 93,000 ?
that 's a great one .
i have a check in my pocket , written to the financial records of the national bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i got excited about doing something with museums and art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
and it took 18 months .
it 's a fun negotiation and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there are a lot of stories about what we 've done .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - i 'm not complaining - but i 've had access to too many museums and this art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
when i traveled and visited these museums , i began to learn a lot .
and i , for google , tried to make this longing more accessible with art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
we then formed a team , a great team , and we started this .
i 'll start the demonstration , tell you some interesting things that have happened since the start .
so , you just go to see marshak .
you can go to all these museums .
there 's the olympic museum , moma , the hermitage , the hermitage , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorites , the metropolitan museum of art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art .
you get two ways in - - very simple .
click , and pop , you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - - bombay , mexico , it doesn 't matter .
you go around and have a good time .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card , and you can hop with a click .
they 're in , they want to get to the end of the hall .
just more .
browse .
thank you , but the best is yet to come .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , patron saint of pieter 's dinner at the met .
i can see this .
if the museum gave us the picture , click on it .
this is now one of the images .
this is all metadata .
those of you who really care about art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
this is one of the images we 've been holding with what we 've been calling " the doomsday machine . "
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion dollar bills , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ? "
i 'll show you .
it 's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i realized something was going on there .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i was beginning to realize that these kids actually hit something .
i did some research , talked to some friends at the met , and i actually found out that it was a game called sagittarius , where a goose was beaten with a stick stick .
apparently , it was quite popular .
i don 't know , they did what they did , but i learned something about it .
to really get close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the rundown , i 'll zoom in , see what you can get .
here we were , and this is this .
the best is still - - in a second .
let 's go to moma , get back to new york .
another favorite painting of mine .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes ?
and what if you want to see how van gogh made this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom into one of my favorite scenes of this picture until i 'm really at the cracks .
that is , in fact , unprecedented .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have the time .
that 's the really cool part . it 's called collections .
each of them , rich or poor , whether they have a great house doesn 't matter .
you can go ahead and create your own museum , all of these images you can put your own collection into .
easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
it 's " the envoy " in the diplomatic pouch .
you can do anything with notes , send your friends , and start a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , the main thing for me is that all the wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
i don 't think they even come from the museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i 'm sorry that with this digital medium of art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
and the biggest one i 've been asked asked asked asked asked asked to me the other day is " did you do this to replicate the experience of a mutant ? "
the answer to that is no .
it should complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
this is a representation of her brain , and her brain can be divided into two halves .
that 's the left half that is the logical side and then the right half that is the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the size of every hemisphere , we could represent its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
for example , this someone who is completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you position her on that scale ?
one of us may have chosen this extreme extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , you look like this with a pair of pliers at the same time .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most of the other experimental specimens , a good share of logic to combine the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition about the experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we go out there and play with it and see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our intuition .
they 're basically doing the same thing .
so , one of the most advanced years they 've developed is probably that one thing can only be in one place right now .
i mean , it can sound weird thinking about a thing being in two different places right now , but you weren 't born with that idea , you developed it .
i remember thinking about seeing a kid playing on a piano bench .
he was just a toddler , and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i bet gambling that playing with the school board taught taught taught taught teaching him a very valuable lesson , because big things don 't just let you pass , and they stay in one place .
and this is a great , great model of the world , so you 're not a model citizen .
it would be a terrible model for a computer model , because they don 't play with human parts , but with these little weird little things .
and when you 're playing with that piece of crap , you find all sorts of strange things like flying right through walls or that you can be in two different places right now .
and so you wrote all these observations and called them the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the state of physics a few years ago , it took quantum mechanics to describe the tiny particles .
but they didn 't need to describe the great mundane objects around us .
it didn 't like my intuition , and maybe it 's just because i don 't play with particles that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
and i 've never seen her .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are made of particles and all these pieces follow the rules of quantum mechanics , shouldn 't it just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i don 't see any reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why
so i would feel a lot better about the thing if we could somehow show that quantum mechanics follow the rules .
so a few years ago , i did exactly that .
i created one .
this is the first object that you can see that was in the central processing area .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
that 's the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
it 's a picture of the object .
we 're looking right at the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of that little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal shaped like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i made this thing in a similar way to making a computer chip .
i went to a clean room with new equipment , and i spent 100 hours on all the big equipment .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool shaped hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole
this thing has the ability to be in the most dysfunctional family business , but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of weird stuff , but then people get involved , and i stop stop to do all these things because i don 't want to bother them , or , frankly , you know , they just ...
so quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects feel the same way .
the passenger for objects that are not only people , but also the light that shines on them and the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was behaving erratically , we had to expel the passengers .
and that 's what we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum , and breathed all the air , and up until almost now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act like it always did .
so we measured his movements .
we realized it was moving really weird .
instead of just laying there quiet , there it was , the way it was , it was , like , this was , like , a ... like , a ... like a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
by giving him a little nudge , we could make him vibrate at the time and not vibrate something only allowed in quantum mechanics .
what i 'm about to tell you is something truly fantastic .
what 's it like to vibrate and not vibrate at the time ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , the trillions of atoms of which the piece of metal lie still there and at the moment , the same atoms move up and down .
they only agree agree agree agree to precise measurements .
the rest of the time , you 'll be out of it .
that means that atom at the time is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that 's a lot .
really .
well , it was worth it for me to sit in that clean room all year , because , check it out , the hydrogen atom between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom at the time can be in two different places , this piece of metal can be in two different places , not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine you were in several places at the time , how would that feel ?
how would your mind handle the fact that your body is in the room ?
there 's another aspect to the story .
when we turned it off , the light turned off and the box was running , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it would look like all the objects in the elevator are really just some sort of quantum objects that are converging in a small room .
you hear some talk about quantum mechanics saying that everything is connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more to it than that .
it 's so that these , yours , with all the things around you , literally define who you are , and this is the most disturbing and strange of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 i decided that we should consider economic development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
it should be our goal that if families want to decide where they live and where they want to live and where they 're given the opportunity to choose between at least one hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
right now , we 're a long way from that target .
there are billions of people in south america who are not even available to a single city that would welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so we could very easily equip the world with military equipment , maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you now , if you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just swap apartments for the city 's ?
imagine if half the people who want to live in apartments already do that , half of them don 't .
you could be trying to expand the capacity of existing apartments by now .
but do you know what you 're getting yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
so it turns out to be very difficult to fulfill all these extensions .
but you could walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
so i suggested that governments create new areas that offer enough space for a city and give them a name , charter cities .
later i found out that about the same time javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009, honduras was suffering from a massive oil spill .
in the next election , pepe lobo won in a landslide , whose program promised both innovation and arbitration .
he requested octavio to be his chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief
in the past , i was getting ready for a little talk at quiznos .
by improving , testing , and by examining cell structures , i 've been trying to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first item is the importance of laws , laws that determine that one must not interfere with existing law .
we give great attention to new technologies , but it takes technology and laws to progress , and it 's usually laws that hold us back .
in the fall of 2010, a friend from guatemala octavio sent the link to the tattoo parlor .
the one who showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december in the boardroom of a hotel in miami .
i was trying to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they cost .
and i 've used this graph to show how valuable a man 's worth , like new york .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , in a place when there was a break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break break , octavio said , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the pool table . "
that is why i was asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked
i was asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked to come to come to come to see me and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked
so i gave another full of facts that included a graphics like this , trying to illustrate that if you want to make a lot of value in a city , it must be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has an area of 100 square miles .
so i 've been trying to convince the local authorities that if you 're going to build a new city , you have to start an area of at least square miles .
that 's over 250 thousand acres .
everyone applauded politely .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of congress came up on the stage and said , " professor romer , i 'd like to thank you very much for your talk , but perhaps we could watch the opera .
i have it here on my laptop . "
so , i sat down , and you played the video game .
and i 've come to the conclusion that a new city offers people new opportunities .
there would be a way to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city also includes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes a thousand square miles of nothing .
and shortly after , on january 19 , you voted in congress for a change in the constitution to have a constitutional provision that is admissible in special court .
in a country that has just been through a violent crisis , congress has been elected to vote 124 in the polls .
all parties , all the factions of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it has to be approved twice by congress .
on february 17 , the second time was granted by 114 to a voice .
right after this election , between the 21st and the 24th of february , a delegation of about 30 southern california traveled to the two places in the world most interested in the business of the united states .
one is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new city center built in south korea as the central city of boston .
everything you can see on this picture was built within four years after receiving the permits .
the place that was very interested was singapore .
two cities were built in china and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically looking at it , that 's where we are today .
you have an area of interest , and you are already considering this area for the second city .
it 's working on a legal system that managers are allowed to participate , and it 's also working on an outside legal system .
a country has offered its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
there 's also a lot of interest in women 's clothing .
they even bring in funding .
one thing , as you know , has already been resolved , there are many tenants .
there are many places that would like to settle in america , especially on a place with a capital city , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people in the world who say they want to live on another permanent life .
a million people leave latin america every year and migrate to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are made to leave their families behind to work , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn enough money to afford food and clothing .
unfortunately , sometimes it 's even children trying to find their parents again , in some cases they haven 't seen in a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new town in honduras ?
or even build dozens of these cities , or spread hundreds around the world ?
so what kind of idea is it to insist that each family has a choice choice between several cities in competition for new residents ?
it 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions that a typical american in one day is 70 .
also , a recent study with c.e.o.s watching the ceos for a week .
and these scientists just documented the various issues that these ceo deals with and how much time they spent trying to make decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo is busy in 139 weeks .
of course , these subjects , of course , were made of many , many , many , many , many , many choices .
50 % of your decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 % of your decisions , you needed one or more of your time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of one in a category ?
how good do you think you are at managing the decisions ?
today , i would like to talk about one of the greatest mysteries of our modern day , the most terrifying .
i want to talk about the problem and the solutions .
now , if i 'm gonna ask you about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you some questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
if i give you a job , you raise , since i 'm blind , only the hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
otherwise , if i ask you a question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question .
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very very exclusive grocery store , at least back then it was really exclusive .
it was a shop that was called ...
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over different kinds of fruit and vegetables and over two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at one point , i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil aisle .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those who were trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the branch manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model really work for people to offer these opportunities ? "
and he pointed out to tourists who came in every day and usually had their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your main corridor .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
we set up a small surveillance camera right at the front of the store .
we put in six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we looked at two things , first of all , what case more people would stay and try try try try try try try try try try try try try try for jam ?
more people stopped when there were 24 , about 60 % , than when there were six , about 40 % .
and after that , we looked at what case people bought a jar of jam .
now we 've seen the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when it was 24 only three percent actually bought a jar of jam .
of the people who stopped when there were six , well , now we saw that 30 % of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you did figure it out , people would buy a jar of jam six times more than if you had 24 to choose from .
well , deciding not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waistline , but it turns out the brain problem is affecting us in very stressful decisions .
we don 't choose to choose , even if it 's against our best interests .
on the topic of the day , financial savings .
i will now describe to you a study that i have conducted with a special agent , emir , wei jang , where we looked at the decisions to promote the pension of almost a million americans in roughly the united states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of cell phone records could be possible for an online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online
and we found out there was actually a connection .
so in these plans , we had , like , elaborate plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans plans , offering people anything between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , attendance was less .
now , if you look at the extreme , the ones who offered two funds , you still haven 't had a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
in the plans that offered almost 60 fund , the stock market now fell to roughly the sum total .
now , it turns out that even if you were to participate in more opportunities to choose , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate rather that the more opportunities they had at their disposal , the more they avoided choosing stocks and funds .
the more opportunities you had at your disposal , the sooner you put all your money into pure bargaining chips .
none of these extreme decisions are part of the choices that any of these people would recommend if we value their future future future financial wellbeing .
well , for the past ten years , we 've observed three major negative consequences for offering more and more choices .
you 're blaming the decision to push it , even if it 's against your best interest .
it 's more like bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
you choose things that make you less satisfied even if you make the lenses better .
and the main reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason
so what i would like to propose today is four simple , simple techniques we have tested in different ways and on several different ways that you can simply apply to your business .
first , restrict .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been more real than today .
people are always worried when i say " limit . "
you 're always worried you 're going to lose something .
when proctor and gamble reduced the various head shoulders and shoulders types of 26 to 15 , they experienced an increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold their ten worst selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling selling
you know , the average tv producer today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart today is offering you $ 80 .
but the most expensive supermarket , which today is the world 's largest supermarket in the world , and they offer you only 1,400 products a kind of tomato sauce in cans .
every single harvard employee is now automatically participating in a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex .
those who really want a selection are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all very important choices . "
and the first thing i am the employees , " tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your clients . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said that he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a two-week paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read them and then i 'm gonna slap you when you 're ready to accept gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all ?
all right , let me show you a little more of that .
you knew there was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is that you were objectively , the first time you had more information than the second time , but i dare say you felt more real the second time .
because the images made it feel more real to you .
which makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
the point is that to understand the difference between possibilities , people have to understand the consequences associated with the individual possibilities , and that the consequences must be vigorous and concrete .
on average , people spend 15 to 30 % more on credit card use than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out if you can make something feel specific , it 's a very good tool to get people to save more .
and this meeting , we left this meeting exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added to it was that we asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked and asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked
the third technique :
we can handle more categories than more choices .
here , for example , is a study we did in a research lab .
it turns out in the supermarkets up and down in the northeast area , the numbers vary between 331 different types of magazines to high levels .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to separate them .
here are two different sets of keys .
one is called jazz and the other is called swing .
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad is jazz , you clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think that the jazz on the left is on the left , and the one on the side is swing , you clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the left is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly useless military vehicle .
the categories must speak to the leader , not to whom he provides the selection .
and you often see that problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique is a prerequisite for complexity .
it turns out we can actually handle more information than we think we need to simplify .
we need to increase the complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's take a very , very complicated decision : buy a car .
here 's a german military contractor who offers you the opportunity to completely configure your car itself .
you have to make 62 different decisions to completely design your car .
now , these choices are different in the number of choices you offer per choice .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , transmission four possibilities .
what i 'm doing now is i 'm changing the order in which the decisions seem .
half the customers go from the many opportunities , 56 sales to the limited possibilities , four gears .
half the customers go from the limited options , four transmission , to the 56 computer networks , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested .
if you keep taking advantage of the decision , it means that you 're getting overwhelmed , you 're losing it .
what you find out is that the people who go from the many to the very low side of the world go on and on and on and on and on .
we 're losing her .
walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order that information is presented .
when i start with the easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
even though the transmission doesn 't tell me about my preferences in the interior , it still prepares me to choose .
it also makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
let me get this straight .
i 've told you about four techniques that limit the problem of the motor pool , you 'll release the unnecessary alternatives , make it real ; we can categorize more categories , less possibilities .
any of these techniques i describe to you today is designed to help you manage the possibilities well for you , you can use them for yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
because i think the key to the best selection is to be picky about choices .
and the more we choose to choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art .
thank you .
hi , i 'm kevin spacey , youtube sensation .
that 's right .
today we want to talk about how videos go viral , and then , which matters at all .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , singers - when i was young , it seemed so incredibly difficult .
but we have made it possible that all or all of our activities could become incredibly famous in a part of the culture of our world .
each and every one of you could be famous by next saturday .
but youtube uploaded more than 48 hours a minute .
once again , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and is looked at thousands of times and such a cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things : the most unexpected .
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
i 'm sorry .
last year , bear vasquez sent this video he filmed outside his house in yosemite national park .
in 2010 , it had been watched 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when last summer was popular .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a movie .
he just wanted to share a rainbow ,
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he 'd uploaded every data file .
and this was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that finally made it popular .
because , like jimmy kimmel , we introduce new and interesting things , and they show a great audience .
rebecca black 's friday is one of the busiest videos of the year .
it 's been watched almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like " double rainbow " comes out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's true .
if you want to know , these other spikes are also fridays .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it opened up , a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j. nelson of mystery science theater was a first to make a joke about it on twitter .
the important thing is that an individual or group of saboteurs took a stand with a large audience and accelerated the process .
then this community formed from sharing this big inside joke and talking about it and playing with it .
now there are 10,000 parody of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody for every single day of the week .
unlike the most stimulating entertainment of the 20th century , the participation of the community is our way of becoming a part of this phenomenon , either either either either either either either either either we spread it or make something new .
" interactive cat " is animation and music on an endless loop .
that 's it , simple as that .
this year it 's been watched almost 50 million times .
and if you think this is crazy , you should know that there 's a million people watching it four times .
even cats watch this video .
cats look at cats who watch this video .
what 's important is the creativity that runs in the brain freeze and geeks .
there have been casualties .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire military force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
today we don 't just enjoy something , we join .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted double rainbow or rebecca black or cat ?
what scripts could you have written in writing ?
in a world where every minute two days of footage is uploaded , only really unique and unexpected can stand out like the videos you mentioned .
i admit i didn 't care much when a friend told me to watch this great one about a guy protesting parking tickets in new york city for bicycles .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't drive on the freeway , but there 's a lot of disabilities that don 't make you drive decent on the freeway .
since that was completely surprising and humorous , casey hatem 's funny idea and his argument , five times , was watched .
this approach applies to anything new we do creatively .
and it all leads us to the one big ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
it is the characteristics of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to and where the audience determines popularity .
like i said , one of the biggest stars currently justin bieber made its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
no one has to give your ideas the green light .
and today we all feel like owners of our pop culture .
and these aren 't the characteristics of the old media and they 're hardly the media from now on , but they will determine the conversation of the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
thank you .
the story 's not over yet .
she 's a puzzle still being put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the special projects .
imagine the first piece , a man who burns his life 's work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose entire life has been held together by the simple unity and freedom of his home .
keep your eyes on him when the communists invaded saigon , how he must admit that his life was a waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste
the words , as long as his friends , are now his .
he retreated into silence .
he , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure that it hadn 't been for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history tried to crush us , but we made it through .
the next piece of the puzzle shows a boat in the early rosy dawn running softly at sea .
my mother may was 18 when her father died in an arranged marriage with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a purpose , the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a four-year-old and a saga , a boat slid silently onto the sea , disguised as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
they were most afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a small boat .
in a capture , my sister and i would have drunk it ourselves and my grandmother .
my first memories are from this boat , the constant flow of motor , the applause of a wave on the bow , the vast and empty horizon .
i didn 't remember the pirates who came many times , but let the men on our boat fool me or the engine failure that wouldn 't start for six hours .
no apple has ever tasted like this again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations who build a new life together .
we settled down in a rural area , a working-class suburb , where the population is comprised of food groups .
as i was in the shadow of death , whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no such thing as a natural phenomenon in north africa .
the smells from the rafters came from the rest of the world .
and the pieces of broken glass were exchanged between people who had one thing in common : they started again .
my mother on farms , then on a conveyor belt , six days , double shifts .
somehow , she managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed managed
we were poor .
each dollar was assigned and put in further training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give up , mostly the new stuff that always came out of hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
two pairs of stockings for school , to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover
a school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
and there were those rare but painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i will avoid you . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened a shop window , then she opened a shop .
and the women came in with stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been established .
i was living in the suburbs .
in one , i was the classic asian student , the relentless one .
in the other , i have been in uncertain lives , carrying tragic scars of violence , substance abuse and insulation .
but so many have been given aid over the years .
and because of that help , in my last year of high school , i was chosen as a young australian of the year .
and i was shot from one piece of the puzzle to the next , and the edges didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous letters of transit , was now tan le , refugee , and social activist , who was invited have been invited be invited be invited be invited be invited be invited be invited be invited be invited be invited .
i was not familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about it .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it .
she reminded me that i was her age when we climbed the boat .
no was never an option .
" do it easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
so i was talking about animal rights and education and neglect of disenfranchised and disenfranchised .
and the more open i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all the world , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders of possibility .
and even though i graduated , i realized i couldn 't settle for a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , a new newcomer , not only , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from the boat .
because belonging can lead so easily to the collapse of the horizons , it can easily mean that you accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now gone out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not the way you fear it .
opportunities that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy spirit , a relentless optimism , a strange mixture of humility and modesty .
so i followed my gut .
i was gathering a small team of my own , for the drawer " can 't be " an irresistible challenge .
we didn 't have a dime for a year .
at the end of the day , every day , i cooked a huge pot of soup we shared .
we worked late at night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to go to the united states ,
after only one trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved and the adventure went on .
before i close , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time when the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she created a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her case and a greater sensation than she won .
" can 't " proved untrue .
i just took a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died 1,000 miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the front door and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in kingsbere , and we were sitting around the coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother begged us to touch her hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
she said to the monk , " why is your hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
" because you 've been holding it since this morning , " he said .
" you didn 't let go . "
if there 's a tape in our family , it runs through women .
if you see who we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives might have gotten in our way .
defeat would have been too easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
now i 'd like my own children , and i 'm still thinking about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i 'm afraid of privilege , of ease , of freedom .
can i give you a bug in your life brave enough to defy any wave , the steady , steady engine heat , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this , and i could get her through , i would .
besides , tans 's mother is here today in the fourth or row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't take on your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i received my first digital camera in 15 years .
i combined it with my earlier fondness , but it was a little different , because the camera process was more in the planning process .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so to me , the photography seemed more about being at the right time .
i thought anyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something where the trial begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much dirt road .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common goal , a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos where you have to give a quick moment to figure out the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what 's the trick to make it look realistic ?
is this about the colors or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of the day , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be made tangible on a populated area .
it 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see you as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
but in a certain way combined , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it might exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we trick our brains , because our brains just don 't make any sense .
and i see the same process in combining photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , things around us in our everyday lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think of them , because they just look wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to a realistic conclusion .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
combined , but you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
secondly , combined photos should have the same distribution .
and these two images meet these two requirements - - shot from the same height and the same amount of time .
third , it 's about making it impossible to tell where the images begin and end by seamlessly connecting them .
makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
here 's another example .
you might think that this is just a routine procedure and the lower part was tampered with .
this picture is actually fully composed from photos of different places .
i personally believe it 's easier to create a place than to find one , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew it would take me months to plan for them to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been taken on a fishing expedition .
the shore comes from another place .
this is a stone quarry .
and , yes , i even raised the house up on the island red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a realistic outcome , it is my way of planning .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of the various images .
and here is part very well planned .
and when you get good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also pretty realistic .
so all the tools are there , and the only thing that limited us is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about what so many electronic devices fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced to the school board was to put on a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex .
she doesn 't seem particularly scientific , she puts a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , " how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think that we want to think that this is one of the most important things , all of them - - maybe just most of the electronic devices fail because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite , a very simple thing .
she 's got a button on / off .
and every morning i jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump .
and yes , i have a task , as you may recognize .
i 've got my job at 95 kilos .
it works perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly
and that 's where you 'll be called from my office so that he can see where my weight problem is , not only at the moment that i 'm supporting or whatever , but with a view of the past .
but there 's something else .
maybe you know this , i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
every morning i jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or patients could stop smoking .
it could also be used to get people out of chairs and get them to play some kind of game together to better control their health .
starting next week , it 's on the market .
there 's going to be this little sex sex to be hooked on an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to take blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor and share it with others for a little over $ 100 .
make methods that are easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
and you can do that by using such methods , but also by means of escape .
and one of the things we did , i 'd like to share with you through a brief video .
we have all the navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even on our phones .
we know exactly where all the atm machines are located around here .
we know where all the gas stations are .
and , sure , we can find baby .
but where would the next patient be to help ?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
no one knew where to find the next life saving device at that moment .
so , what did we do ?
we 've set up a web site and we 've asked up an online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online online
and over 10,000 allied ships have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was finding the apps for that .
and we 've created a special edition .
we developed an app for sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex .
and you 're in a city like clockwork , and someone breaks down , you can have your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also use your tracking device to find the next computer that can save lives .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this not only as a business product , as the product is known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
and we want to take this to a worldwide level .
and we can all help our colleagues in the world , from other universities , to help us behave like children 's children in order to make the most of the world .
and if you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of those kind .
the thing we want to do , we want to do , is that companies in the world are helping us confirm this whole thing .
these could be bomb fragments , or techs , for example , just to make sure the reported crime scene is still in his place .
help us try try to improve our health .
thank you .
today i will report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the police department .
and my little startup would like us to force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force force
... to pay attention to the school board .
here 's a quick video about what we do .
wait a minute .
it may take time to load it .
well , we can just skip it - - i 'll just skip it instead ...
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time is over ?
thank you .
the program is called " code for america , " and it 's a bit like computer geeks ' computer program .
we vote year out of the vote , and we let them work with oil concessions .
instead of sending her to the third world , we send her to the third world .
and there they developed great apps , working with city employees .
but what they really do is what they do with what 's possible today .
all right , al .
al 's a hydrant in boston city .
how did he come to this particular way of looking for help ?
we had a team of cyber experts in boston last year on the " code for america " program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized the city never digs those fire hydrants free .
but a certain fellow , a man by the name of erik wredin , noticed something else , and that was that the inhabitants of the island roam free in front of these parts .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
you agree agree to shovel him free when it snows .
you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
so there 's a nice little family party .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the least of the 21 apps in the last year to write the smallest of the flyers .
but she 's doing something that no one else is doing .
it 's spreading rapidly .
there 's this guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw that he could use that app , not for snow , but for the citizens to adopt animal rights .
it 's very important that these battery cells work , but people take the batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check them out .
and then seattle decided to use the app to purify the citizens to get the clogged water pipes .
and chicago just brought it in so that people would be able to pick up the snow when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
if you know anything about animal behavior , you know it doesn 't usually work that way .
getting software usually takes a few years .
we had a team that took two and a half months on a project in boston last year .
it was about a method that parents can find out which are the right schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went through normal channels , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over two dollars .
and that 's nothing .
there 's a project in california justice that has cost the taxpayers $ 2 billion so far , and it 's not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's written in a few days , and then it 's spread by a group of cyber experts , is a kind of shot off the bow to the institution .
it shows how the government can work better than a private company , how many people think it should .
and not even like a tv movie , but like that .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but the important thing about this app is that it represents a new generation that deals with the problem of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and that 's very good news because it shows that we 're very good at the collective trading with digital technology .
now there 's a large community of parishioners who make the tools we need to effectively handle things together .
it 's not just " for america " magazine , there are hundreds of people in the country who write letters up and write letters in their own communities every day .
they didn 't give up the government .
you 're terribly frustrated with her , but you don 't complain about fixing her .
and these people know something we have in mind .
today , a group of people quit .
and if you are one of those people , i beg you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government eventually draws its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
i didn 't know much about the government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought it was mostly about choosing people into office .
well , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that it 's mostly about being a parent .
this is the telephone center for service and information .
you usually get out there when you call 311 in your town .
so , scott gets this , like , super discount .
he types " opossum " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play some very loud music and see if the cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle
and that worked .
but that was not the end of the line .
boston doesn 't just have a call center .
it has an app called " citizens of the country . "
we didn 't write this app .
that 's the work of very smart people at the new urban mechanics office in boston .
one day , this is a highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
how do i get it removed ? "
but what happened to " citizens militia " .
scott was talking human to human .
but on " citizens ' liberation front " it 's all public so that everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
possum ?
turned the trash can to the side .
good night , sweet opossum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets the physical .
and it 's also a good example of how the government can get into the prison system .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't mean a technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been linked to state services if that were required , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
if one neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the hotel manager , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we have to remember , is that it 's not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they believe that one is each other 's input .
that our contribution to the system is the vote .
that 's because it 's like an ocean , and politics is the top six inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we will use that word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
but it is this contempt that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the real estate deal is .
we must get involved in the machinery of the government .
so the adoption agency did .
have you seen these guys ?
it is a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed and detailed report that is an answer to the bill of rights .
it 's not political . it 's political .
well , for those of us who have given up on the government , it 's time that we reflect on the world we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges they have to face .
do we really believe that we can accomplish what we must without improving the one institution that can act in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
the good news is that it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and there 's a generation that grew up in a place that knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
well , the age of our generation is 28 , so unfortunately , i 'm almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up taking your voice for granted .
they don 't fight this fight that we all fight , that 's why we let them all speak .
you can express your opinion at any time , and you can .
so if you 're confronted with the problem of the government , you don 't care so much about using your votes .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications to improve the work of the government .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
could be digging a fire hydrant , weeding some weeds , turning a garbage can with a possum .
and , of course , we could have smashed those fire hydrants all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories , that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just consumers of the government who pay and receive services .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm going to start by showing you a single , boring plastic .
could you please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
this is a foil i accidentally picked from my folder .
it 's not about the plastic , it 's about the general shape .
this foil shows data of an analysis of what we did on the output of programmable processors compared to the performance of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this slide , like some of the others , we often find in our field , is a kind of straight turn .
in other words , each step here corresponds to an potency in the space-time equation .
and it 's a novelty that we have to use this guy on a scale of curves in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is basically what i 'm gonna talk about here .
so if you could turn the light back on , please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
a little lighter , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , are we drawing pictures in the tech on curved curves ?
they 'll look like that .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i wanted to record a piece of paper , let 's say , a piece of paper , that would come up on the scale very unreasonable , in the form of a flat line .
but if something like this happens here , it changes the circumstances .
so , if the heat wave was moving as fast as the solar wave , we could get in a cab the day after tomorrow and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
but it 's not that fast .
this has never been in the history of the zombie apocalypse , this kind of exponential growth , which increases the growth every few years .
the one i want to turn you in now is if you look at these curved curves you can see they 're not leaving forever .
it 's not possible that everything is evolving forever and ever as quickly as it is now .
there are two possibilities :
it 's either either become a classic urban legend like this until something completely new comes along , or this will happen .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if it really is , it means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the one i want to ask and i want to face myself often is what this new world will be like ?
what is this new condition the world is slowly taking ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle .
when i was a kid , there was a future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future .
now we have a conference where people talk about them , and they realize that the future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future
we can 't go any further than that .
in other words , the year has shrunk by a year since i 've been in this world .
i think it 's the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now it makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
i want to talk about what this could be , this transition we 're in right now .
to do this , i will talk about things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think , to really understand this , we need to step back and look at this thing on a longer scale .
and i 'd like to watch this on the earth 's most luxurious tour .
i think the big picture makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
so let 's go back to earth for 2.5 billion years , and the earth was a big , dense chemical plant with many floating chemicals on it .
now , if you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
this particular combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate chemicals from the outside and thus .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
these little pieces of metal were like the most poisonous snakes in the world .
however , these chemicals were not alive today , because each one of them was just a small , random chemical recipe .
and once it divided , the chemicals in it have spread to excess amounts .
so the drop was a little different .
as a matter of fact , the drops grew , which for the growth of the compound were faster than integrated and more chemicals from the outside , and they shared faster .
so , these energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting is when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
in some way that we don 't quite understand yet , these drops have learned the ability to write a piece of information .
you learned to store the recipe of the cell as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless , evolutionary way , they found a way that allowed them to write to write write to write write writing , so that information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing about saving that kind of information about the time of two and a half billion years it was created , it remained the same .
as a matter of fact , the recipe is for us , which is the exact same code and spelling .
and in fact , living creatures use the exact words and the same letters .
we are ready that we , just for the sake of argument , can write even write this code .
and i 've got a hundred white powder here i 'm trying to keep away from security at airports .
in it - - what i did - - i took this - - it 's made of ordinary letters that we symbolize to use - and i wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote my business card wrote a piece of dna .
so if anyone wants a hundred copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i had been an egotist , i would have written it on a virus and released it into space .
so what 's the next step ?
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
and that 's what made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , very interesting step , where things were completely different , because these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that communities of cells were created .
i don 't know if you knew , but bacteria can actually change their dna .
it 's also the consistency of antibiotics .
bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin and put this information in dna with other bacteria , and now we have every bacteria resistant to penicillin because bacteria is communicating with each other .
this communication now allowed the grounds of communities which in a sense were in the same boat , which they were scattered .
so they either either either either survive together , or they went down together , which meant that if a community was successful , all individuals in the community were repeated and favored by evolution .
it is now where this communities are so close that they have decided to put the recipe for the entire community into dna .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .
at this point , we have communities , communities of many solar masses , which function together as one organism .
as a matter of fact , we are such a liberal community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless without brain cells , brain cells , whatever .
so this communities began to evolve , so that the level where evolution took place was no longer the individual cell , but the entire cell structure we call an organism .
the next step was now taken within this communities .
the intelligence community has resumed its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and they developed special structures that did nothing but process information inside the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the most powerful thing these brain cells have built .
they began training specialists within the community , special structures responsible for learning , understanding , and holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of this communities .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
because at this point an individual - studying has now happened within the span of a single organism 's lifespan rather than that evolutionary period .
so an organism , for example , could learn not to eat a particular fruit because it tasted and made it sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick
this could now occur within the life span of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago were needed because this information had to be learned by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these dna fragments were not yet present .
so the nervous system has the use of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it could take place within a time frame .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , the language of our friends is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , very complicated , very confused idea here in mine .
i sit here and basically make sounds of myself , in which by creating a similar confused idea in your idea that bears a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into notes , a sequence of sounds , and produce something very complicated in other people 's minds .
so this allows us to function as a unified organism again .
and what we actually did , us , the human race , is we 've started to act .
we 're going through the same steps that have been going through the abstraction of our methods , holding data , processing .
for example , the invention of language was a small step that way .
computer systems , computers , video tapes , computer systems and so on , all of our proprietary mechanisms we have built in our community to handle this information .
and it binds us all together to something much larger , and also capable of developing faster than we have before .
so today , evolution can happen in the amount of time periods .
you 've also seen a little bit of evolution in the " s.n.t. " program right in front of you .
so now we have restored the original air date .
the first steps of the story i told you took a billion years each .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , lasted a hundred million years .
then the next step , like language and all , lasted less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe , i believe , is the word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that 's what we see here on this curve .
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live professionally by building computers , and i know that i can 't use the mechanism i use to build computers without the recent advances in the computer industry .
my current occupation is to design objects with such a complexity , that it 's impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single transistor in the radio station does .
it has billions of them .
and she 's doing it partly by methods we don 't even understand yet .
a method that is particularly interesting , and what i 've used a lot lately is evolution itself .
we 're going to install an energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
for example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that develops from random instructions .
we say , " computer , subsection 100 a hundred randomly request selected sequences of instructions .
now perform all these randomly selected instructions , please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort numbers , that would be a simple example i used for it .
so you get programs that can sort through the numbers .
of course , the chance with random chosen instructions is very small that by chance they 're sorting numbers , so none of the instructions are actually going to do this .
but one of them might be having a little trouble getting two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , take the 10 % of the sequences closest to my specifications .
store these , erase the rest .
now all the people who have been left to sort the numbers best .
with a method of reproduction , analog for reproduction . "
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children pass the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i 've come up with a new generation of programs created through combinations of programs closer to the specifications than others .
please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
rate it again .
perhaps initiating mutations .
and try try try try try try try try try another generation .
all these generations , only a few milliseconds
and so i can run an evolution on the computer for millions of years , within a few minutes , or in more complicated cases .
in the end , i get programs that can sort the numbers perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than a program that i could have written by hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand you .
it 's a series of complex programs .
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm sure you 're doing the job because you 're from a series of thousands of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the right thing .
i sat once in a 747 with marvin gryska , he smashes a card and says , " oh , look at that .
it says , " this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of jet planes together to make the flight safer . "
we know that an oxygen problem isn 't ideal if it gets too complicated .
so we start relying on computers for a process that is very different from the classic computer system .
he allows us to produce things with a far greater complexity than allow normal methods to produce .
and yet we don 't fully understand the possibilities of it .
so , in a way , the technique was a little overwhelming .
we now use these programs to make the computers much faster so that we are able to execute these processes even faster .
so it 's feedback .
it 's getting faster and faster and i think that 's what it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies today feed on themselves .
we 're taking off .
we 're at a point that is analog to back in the days of the zombie apocalypse .
so we 're the amoebas , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
we 're right in the middle of this shit .
but i really think something will come after us .
i 'm very proud to say that we are the product product of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is coming up , and i think i 'm gonna stop right now before i get even more anal .
my story starts right here in , like , two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert with blazing star ali .
we talked about the fact that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic " epic fail . "
if we indians wanted to travel back then , we 'd jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
now we do it with planes .
back then , when the great indian man was thirsty , he took a bow , fired into the ground and water .
now we do it with machine guns and machine .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that made me really sad .
i got a little scared of something .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and no tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50 years old became the most powerful thing for me .
it became a golden gateway to a world of pirates and ships of war and images in my mind .
i felt like our fancy watches and cameras kept us from dreaming about it .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could allow them to do magic instead of killing .
at 16 , i began to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to connect the reader across the world .
it can know how to hold it .
it can know where we are .
it adds pictures and lines , and animation , sound and touch .
the primal need more and more senses .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to anger management , an interactive ipad app .
it says , " put your fingers on the light . "
and so it says , " this box belongs ... " i write my name .
and i become a character in the book .
once in a while , a letter falls down for me , and the ipad knows where i live by gps . it 's right up to me .
the child inside me is really excited about these possibilities .
i talked a lot about magic .
i mean , not magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i always thought fireflies in a glass were so exciting .
that 's how you have to drop the ipad and let out the fireflies .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
an idea that fascinated me as a child that an entire galaxy can be stuck in one marble .
and from there , the book and the world will become a little marble , which i will move to the magic device in the machine .
and this opens a card .
but these cards were static .
this map grows and glows and uses it to guide the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other places of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important for me to create something that indian is also very contemporary .
these are the test results .
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the sea nymphs ?
the poor had been trapped in cryogenic chambers for thousands of years in some musty old book .
and we bring them back in a contemporary story for children .
it 's a story that deals with new business , like the one in the movie .
on the topic of privacy , a big problem of the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , on computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction of the book , you 're sent on a search , you have to go out and collect images of natural objects with the camera of the ipads .
when i was a kid , i used to have collections of cotton balls , rocks , and sea shells .
somehow kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go out to take a picture of a flower in a chapter .
in another chapter , you have to plant a piece of tree bark and mark it .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can then set up .
a kid in london shows a picture of a fox and says , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a kid in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates a social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually took .
there 's a variety of ways to connect the world and the world .
in the next book , we 're planning an interaction where you use the ipads to video and through reality , an animation of elves appearing on a plant outside the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind
we 're all moving towards a world where the forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces forces
we use the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy spirit .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and the magic and the love of our childhood by the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jails , or prison camps .
i 'm spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating this is has given me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized one thing :
you can say things around here that affect the world .
and sometimes when something comes up about ted , it gets a meaning and power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power .
i 'm saying this because i believe that identity existence is very important .
we saw fantastic presentations .
i believe we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can be more caring , but you can do more .
and that is why i would like to talk about the power power power power power power identity .
i didn 't learn that in my line of work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household that was dominated by an elite group , and this was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final final
it was also the beginning of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of an immigrant .
her parents were born slaves in the winter camps in virginia .
she was born in 1880 and the experience of slavery shaped her world view very strongly .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also affectionate .
when i met her as a little boy , she came at me and hugged me .
she pushed me so hard , i could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came at me and said , " do you still feel my hug ? "
and when i said no , she embraced me again , and when i said yes , she left me alone .
there was something about her that you always wanted to be near her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were everywhere .
i remember , i must have been , like , nine , i woke up one morning and walked into the living room , all my cousins were running around .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first i thought it was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was about 15 or 20 minutes , and then she got up and came over to me and she grabbed me by the hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand
i remembered it as if it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget it .
she took me outside and said , " dear bryan , i 'm going to tell you something , but you have to promise not to tell anyone . "
i said promise you , grandma .
i said , " yes . "
she looked at me and said , " i want you to know that i 've been watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , " all you have to do is promise me three things , bryan . "
i said okay , grandma .
she said first promise me that you 'll always love your mama .
she said that your mama is my baby and you have to promise that you 'll always take care of her .
i adored my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
and then she said , " next , promise me that you 'll always do the right thing , even if it 's hard to do the right thing . "
i thought and said , " yes , grandma , i promise . "
finally , she said that the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never get drunk .
well , i was nine years old , and so i said , yes , grandma , i promise .
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a year older and a younger sister .
when i was , like , 14 or 15 , one day , my mom would come home and take this six-pack with me and my sister and i would go to the woods with us .
we were just fooling around .
then he took a sip and offered my sister one , and she accepted , and then they offered me one .
i said , " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
my friend said that if you don 't do it today , you 'll do everything we do .
i had something , your sister had something .
i said i don 't want to .
my brother was staring at me .
what 's the matter with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you 're not still mad about talking to grandma . "
what are you talking about ?
he said grandma told all the grandchildren they were special .
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't be doing this .
this may be broadcast publicly .
i 'm 52 years old and i confess i 've never had a drop of alcohol .
i 'm not saying this because i believe it is virtuous , and i say that because power power power power power power power power
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe at first .
we can make them do things they thought they couldn 't get .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren they were special .
my grandfather was in prohibition prison .
my uncles died of unnatural diseases .
and she believed that these were the issues we had to deal with .
i was trying to say something about our justice system .
this country is different from 40 years ago .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in peshawar and prison .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states today has the world 's highest security rating .
seven million people are released on parole or on parole .
in my opinion , world leaders have fundamentally changed our world .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , there are despair and hopelessness , due to these problems .
one out of three black males between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , suspended for parole , or with a reduced sentence .
city communities all over the country from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington are either 50 to 60 % of all black young men either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either be in jail , in jail , in jail , on parole or on parole or on parole or in jail , or in jail , or in jail , or in jail ,
our system is not only forged by questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
we have a legal system in this country that treats you much better when you 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
fortune , not fault , affects the outcome .
yet we seem quite content .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've made contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some major developments .
my home state of alabama will permanently elude you for voting if you are prosecuted .
here and in alabama today , 34 % of the male black population have permanently the vote .
we have concluded that in ten years , the odds of civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns underprivileged children to death in prison .
in this country , for children , there are life sentences without conditional imprisonment .
we got a lot going on .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in south africa .
the death penalty is an interesting one .
we believe that because we are told that the true one is , does a man deserve to die for a crime he committed to commit ?
this is a very sensitive one .
you can also think about it , depending on how different we see our identities .
the point of view is not if someone deserves to die for a crime , but do we deserve to kill ?
i 'll get it .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
on nine people we executed , one we found innocent is released from death row .
one of nine innocent .
i 'll get it .
we would never let anyone fly on a plane if for nine planes to take off one falls .
but somehow we can get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i have a lot to discuss .
i 'm about race and whether we have the right to kill .
and it 's exciting because i teach my african-american students history .
i want to talk about terrorism , reconstruction time after end , to the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-americans in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people have had to be afraid of climate change ,
or bombs bombs bombs bombs .
it was the fear of terror that formed her life .
they say no , tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , of course segregation and decades of racist repression and apartheid .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country . we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and so we don 't really understand what our actions have in historical context .
we keep bumping into each other .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it 's hard for us to talk about race , and i think it 's because we are not willing to approach the process of reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that segregation is impossible to overcome without the willingness of truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth
even after the genocide in rwanda there was this readiness , but not in this country .
i gave lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was because one of the scientists got up after my talk and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that . "
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course they can never be in germany again .
then a woman said , " with our history , it 's impossible that we ever speak for the systematic killing of people again . "
it would be unconscionable of us to execute men on purpose .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if they were tens of thousands of jews .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there are these mental processes .
i believe our identities are threatened .
if we don 't deal with this , with these difficult issues , then the positive and beautiful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are obscured by suffering , abuse , social security .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we 're finally talking about how we need more , more commitment , more dedication to survive in a complex world .
for me , that means time to think and talk about the poor , the disadvantaged , the ones who will never be with ted .
but in a way that is integrated into our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see in the end .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
they come from ideas driven by the conviction in our hearts .
it 's that power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
vaclav havel , the great czech politician , once said :
when we fought against oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most was a spiritual orientation , a willingness to be in hopeless places sometimes , and to be a witness .
this mental orientation is the core of what i believe the people of the world need to engage in .
there is no distinction between technology and design that allows us to be completely human until we have eyes and ears for poverty , cruelty and injustice .
i want to warn you , this kind of identity is asking a lot more of us than if we didn 't care .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of having rosa parks ,
so these women met and just talked .
every once in a while , mrs carr calls me up and says :
would you like to join us and listen ?
and i said yes , i 'd love to .
she said , what will you do when you get here ?
i said i 'll listen .
and i went over there and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me to say to us :
what are you trying to do ?
i started my usual talk .
i said , " let 's face injustice . "
we want to help people who were wrongly convicted .
we want to fight bias and discrimination against the justice system .
we want to abolish life sentences with no conditional juvenile delinquency .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we 're trying to abolish civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil civil
i did my usual , and after that , she looked at me and said ,
she said it would make her very , very tired .
then mrs carr leaned over to me , put a finger on my face , and said :
and that 's why i think the prison guard should be braver .
we must find ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because in the end , our humanity depends on all our humanity .
in my work , i learned simple things .
i learned a few simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
i believe that goes for everyone on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even killing someone isn 't just a killer .
and because it is , there is a fundamental human dignity that the law must respect respect respect respect respect .
i also believe that in many parts of this country and with certainty in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
finally , a society is not measured by how it treats its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i 'm getting tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas precede our thinking in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been punished too harshly .
i 'm going to the detention center to see a client who may be 13 or 14 years old and will stand trial as an adult .
then i remembered , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he 's not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too high and thought , my goodness , if a judge could turn us into something else , then he must have magic .
that 's right , bryan , the judge has powers .
you should wish for some .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think right anymore , i started working on a proposal .
i had a poor black boy as a client .
and i started with this proposal , and the headline was that my poor , underpaid black client treated as a privileged , white , highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
in my motion , i explained that the state 's attorney 's conduct and the police as well as state law .
there was a crazy line about how nothing is right in this country , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning , i woke up and i didn 't know if i had just dreamt this crazy proposal or actually written it .
and to my dismay , i had not only written him , but sent him to court .
a few months passed , and i 'd just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and plead this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i walked down the steps to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in the courthouse .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
i said , " i 'm a lawyer . " he said , " you 're a lawyer . "
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said i 'm so proud of you .
and i must say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside me , the ability to contribute to a community , to a point of view .
well , i entered the courtroom .
the judge saw me ,
did he say , " mr stevenson , " did you make this crazy proposal ?
i said , " yes , yes , and then we started discussing . "
more and more people came in just because they were mad ,
that i 'd written those crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy prosecutors and office workers .
in the blink of an eye , the courtroom was full of people who were furious that we were talking about color , poverty , inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw the janitor go up and down .
he kept looking through the window , and he could hear all the noise .
he was pacing .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very concerned hedge fund manager , and right behind me , almost on the bench .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a recess .
a police officer came in and bothered to see the janitor in the courtroom .
that deputy ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran ran
he said , " jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ? "
i 've come to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe has gone far , but that it is true for justice .
that as human beings , we are not fully developed until we care about human rights and values .
that all of our survival is connected to the survival of the individual .
that we have to combine our visions of our own design and entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of all , i want to say to those of you who see it the same way , just don 't lose sight of the target .
you saw and heard in this audience an obvious desire to help and do something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson :
if you 're living in california , there 's an oil leak in the spring that 's about actually making an effort to redirect some of the oil flow that flows into politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars will be spent on the death penalty .
and yet 46 % of all criminal cases don 't end with an arrest .
56 % of all court cases don 't go to trial .
there 's a chance to do something here .
this referendum will propose to invest the money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , the crime rate in america has sunk huge .
the fact is often associated with elevated levels of serotonin .
what do you say to someone who believes that ?
well , actually , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
most of the drug crimes in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crimes .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic numbers come from in the prison inmates .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have the most daring , highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think our current relationship is helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really brought a string here .
you 're an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
bin laden 's death brings with it an increased heart rate .
famine in somalia .
vicious cartels .
social decay .
announcer :
various speakers : drug war , weapons of mass destruction , tornado .
recession , freeze , doomsday , egypt , syria .
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just some of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days or the last six years .
the fact is the fact that the media prefers to show us negative themes , because our mind is paying attention to those issues .
and there 's also a very good one .
every second of every day , our senses pick up a lot more information than our brain can ever process .
and because there is nothing more important than our survival , the first stop station for all the information is a part of our amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our fear center .
it 's sorting and combing through all the information looking for any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , demand rises " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices , serving us seven days a week , all those negative messages , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks they think the world is getting worse .
but maybe that 's not the case .
maybe this is reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we have made in the last century is accelerating so strong that in the next three decades , it will be possible for us to create a world of our own .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems - - we do , we do , we do .
and as humans , we are much better at predicting problems in a very long way , but finally overcoming them .
let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last century so we can anticipate the development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development development
over the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled over , tripled in the inflation rate of the world 's population .
infant mortality has decreased by a tenth .
in addition to the fact , the most significant amount of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
steve pink has shown us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of crisis .
and according to charles kenny , the stock market in the last 130 years has gone from 25 % to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and a lot of people forget that .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
remember that a large percentage of americans living under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , toilets , tv , air conditioners , and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the earth 's most fertile , could never have dreamed of such luxury items .
the basis of many of these things form technology , and these technologies create .
my good friend ray nicolet has shown us that tool is going to be a sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a 70 's supercomputer .
now look at this curve .
that 's moore 's law for the last hundred years .
notice two things at this turn .
one , how it goes smoothly - - for better or for worse , or peace , recession , depression , and anxiety .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's not slowing down for any of our major problems .
besides , despite her lack of oxygen on the left side , she runs upward .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i went through the papers once looking for the best headlines i could find .
i love these " watson defies human adversaries . "
" risk " is not an easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of an automobile .
four years ago , ray nicolet and i started a new university here at ted 's , which means " university . "
we teach our students these technologies with special focus on how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and year after year , we create the students , businesses , products and services , which within a decade , positively capable of the lives of human beings .
think about it . a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today , we can refer to dozens of companies who have just this .
when i think of creating abundance , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about creating a life of opportunity .
it 's about making wealth out of meager possessions .
because scarcity is a commodity , and is a finite power power .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited have the king of siam over for dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers were given military orders , napoleon himself received military orders .
the king of siam , however , was awarded a medal of honor .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at that time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is the , uh , dome of the aluminum dome .
although aluminum , it does take 7 % of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
it 's connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then it was developed by the energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
then let 's project that analogy into the future future future future future future .
we 're thinking of the day .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
16 , 000 energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy on the face of the earth every 88 minutes .
it 's not scarcity , the problem is scarcity .
and there 's good news .
for the first time this year , it is the first time you have to reduce the cost of land in india by 50 % of its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
the cost of solar power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
last month , this was published with a study that shows that by the end of this decade , in the sunny areas of the united states solar power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
and if we have a water supply , we 'll have plenty of water .
now , let 's talk about ...
do you remember when carl sagan turned around the earth in 1990 when it passed saturn ?
he took a famous picture .
" pale pale blue dot . "
because we live on a farm .
we live on a planet with 70 % water .
yeah , it 's , like , 5 % salt water , 2 % ice , and we 're fighting over 0.5 % of the water on the planet , but there is also .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new arrivals on the way .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean water every day from different sources , whether salt water , latrine , and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the chairman of coca-cola just agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed agreed
and if all goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola will use this global in 206 countries around the planet .
this is cutting-edge innovation that exists today .
and we also saw this on the way back .
oh , my goodness , we 're about to reach the 70 % absorption rate of hydrogen gas in the 2013 end .
just remember , a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record record
and when you 're on google with your smartphone , you have more access to know and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world with information and communication in abundance , as no one could have predicted .
and it 's even better , the things you and i spent a thousand dollars on , gps and photo , libraries full of books and music , for the medical diagnostics , they are now , and literally , in their cheap phone .
and the best part might be what awaits us in the field of health .
in the last month , i 've had the pleasure of introducing the so-called $ 10 million tricorder x number .
we challenge the world to combine all these technologies with one cell phone so that you can talk to the device , because it 's equipped with ai , you can test his blood work or his blood work .
and to win , the device must make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of a state of emergency , where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the population and 1.3 % of the employees of the hospital .
if this device is designed to emit a polaron burst or a gaseous matter that is not known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known known
but now to the greatest strength that will lead us to a world of hate .
i call it " the next billion . "
white lines represent population .
we just crossed the line .
and by the way , the biggest insurance policy against an oil company is a better education and nutrition in the world .
in 2010 , we had just joined together among two billion people .
by 2020 we will rise from 2 to 5 billion .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of will join global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will you consume ?
and instead of standing still , i see one of the greatest economic realities in history .
these people represent trillions of dollars flowing into the global economy .
and they 're gonna get healthier using the 3-d printer , and they 're gonna be better trained by the encryption codes , and by having the opportunity to use 3-d printer and 3d printer 's software , and be so much more productive than ever .
so what can three billion growth , healthy , educated , productive members of the oil industry bring us ?
how about a set of new , never voted before .
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to draw attention and create change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about contributions we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned from the x corporation is that little ones motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that great corporations and governments could only create in the past .
i want to finish a story that really excited me .
there 's a program that you might know .
it 's a game called the game of the game .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where people can use a sequence of amino acids to determine how the protein will develop .
depending on its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
and this is very important in the history department .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by game makers and so on .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of people playing the game .
and it showed that today the human genome technology would fold the proteins better than the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous trust in our futures is the fact that we have more power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
we have access to the tools with the tools .
we have the passion of a musketeer .
we have the capital of the oil reserves .
and we have three billion new heads to work with to cope with the new challenges and to do what is necessary .
we 're expecting some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i believe it begins with a physician and i am .
and maybe i 'm in the business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my false sense of entitlement to make that happen .
but before i get to the actual topic of my game , let 's start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we 're close to the world cup and we 're heading for the world cup .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" baseball team " is about to appear , and it 's about statistics , and to use them , a great baseball team .
i 'm going to refer to a statistic that most of you have heard .
it 's the chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief
we 're talking about a 300 when a bat hits 300 .
that means the player must be hitting three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball to the first base , he 's coming up , he 's not getting caught , and whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever whoever
three out of ten .
do you know what they call a baseball bat in major league baseball ?
good , really good , maybe a family portrait .
do you know what it 's called to be a police officer ?
that 's someone who , by the way , meets four out of ten .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball game that hit players over 400 times over a regular season .
let 's transfer back to my world of medicine where i 'm feeling a lot better or maybe a little less after i 've talked to you about it .
assuming you have appendicitis , and you 're being transferred to a operative whose memory is 400 in the context of an operative .
it doesn 't really work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain remote area , and you have a beloved person with a congested heart condition , and your doctor doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor , is 200 .
but , you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's hitting a 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i 'll ask you one .
how do you think a cardiologist or a nurse or an orthopedic surgeon should be an obstetrician , an obstetrician , a cardiologist ?
1,000 , very good .
the fact is that no one in medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor 's doctor .
what we do is that every one of them , including me , send me to the world with the right to be perfect .
no one ever makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
and this is the message i took in med school .
i was an obsessive college student .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian was studying for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little study group in the sisters ' residence at toronto general hospital not far from here .
i memorized everything .
in my heart rate , i learned the origins and the branches of the heart , each branch of the artery , which the aorta , obscure and common bile duct .
in fact , even knew the differential diagnosis for differential calculus .
and all the time i collected more and more knowledge .
i graduated with cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as close as possible , that i would be immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was working on a teaching hospital here in toronto as mrs. drucker was brought to me in the hospital 's medical clinic .
at that time , i was assigned to the assigned duty shift at the assigned post office .
and it was my mission when the council of state sought advice to examine the mutant leader .
and report back to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i listened to her , she was making noises .
and when i cut her chest open with the nasal cavity , i could hear a rumbling on both sides , which said she suffered from congestive heart failure .
it 's a condition where the heart fails instead of pumping all the blood , part of the blood settles in the lungs and gradually fills it , the shortness of breath .
and that wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn wasn not a hard diagnosis .
i took her and put myself to the treatment .
i gave her aspirin , i gave her medicine to take the pressure off her heart .
i gave her medicine , which which we call her , water tablets , so she can drain the fluid .
and over a period of an hour and a half to two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and since i made my first mistake , i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and do what i should have , which would 've been a call to my attending to check with him , so he had a chance to take a picture of himself .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute extra information to her .
maybe i did it with good cause .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted so successful and so capable of taking responsibility for acting like this , and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending you home , i disobeyed a quiet voice trying to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea . "
in really , i was so lacking in confidence that i asked the nurse to take care of mrs. drucker , " do you think it would be okay if she went home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it when it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and paramedics came and took her home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , the night i had this nagging feeling in my stomach .
but i was on my way .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , left the hospital , and went to the parking lot to drive the car home when i did something i didn 't do .
i went through the front door on my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse who had looked after mrs. drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most of the language i know .
the physicians fear them as well , but the brain trust is especially , because we see the patients so slightly .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you sent home ? "
the nurse asked asked questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question question
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular register .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about a time after she arrived home after i sent her home , she collapsed , and the family called 911 .
she barely breathed and turned blue .
the graviton field went all the way .
they gave her a free pass .
they put her in the isolation ward .
i was shocked and devastated .
and i went through this roller coaster because she came to the icu after the crash and i was hoping that she would recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never wake again .
she had an undiagnosed brain damage .
her family gathered .
and over the next nine days , they surrendered to what happened .
on the blessed day , they go , mrs. drucker , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say you never forget the names of those who have been killed .
and that was the first time i ever heard that .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of shameful shame .
the unhealthy way i 'm talking about is the one that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes
it 's not what you 've done , it 's that you 're the one .
and that 's what i felt .
and it was not on my account , he was very sweet .
i 'm sure he talked to the family , and i 'm sure that he changed the waves and that i wouldn 't be sued .
but from now on , i 've wondered these questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
didn 't i ask the attending why ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it settled .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole hole
and i acted out that i doubled my efforts to perfection and never again made a mistake that the voice could be silenced .
and she did .
and i moved on .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at a nursing home in a nursing hospital north of toronto , and i was nursing a 25-year-old old man with his throat cut .
it was busy and i was in a hurry .
he always pointed here .
i looked down my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next staff meeting , and my chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief
and she said the three words , remember ?
" remember the patient with the irritated jaws ? "
it turns out he was having an affair .
he had a potentially virulent disease called the " pah-wraith . "
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the femur , it 's the upper airway , and it 's causing the airway clasp .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he received an intravenous drip and recovered a few days later .
and i went through the same ordeal of shame and self-doubt , felt liberated and went back to work until it happened again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice in a kidney infection .
there 's a lot to it , especially considering you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at that time .
in both cases , i didn 't send her home , and there were no flaws in her treatment .
one of them thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered the chest x-ray of the kidneys , and when that was without any results , my colleague at the patient 's abdominal surgery , he picked up a chest x-ray in the lower sector and called the hospital staff .
he had severe diarrhea .
i 've arranged for him to come in , and i 've asked to see my colleague .
and he did , and when he discovered a subspace disruption in the lower sector , he called out the command codes .
both cases were operated and they were fine .
both cases piled on me , devoured me .
and i 'd be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which is a lot of my colleagues , but total nonsense .
some of my childhood experiences have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem : if i can 't close my mistakes and talk about them , i can speak the quiet voice telling me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same ones ?
if i went to a room like this , i don 't have what you think of me .
when was the last time you heard from someone who talked of failure about failure about failure ?
oh , yeah , they 're going to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleague knew that an orthopedist in my hospital had taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i 'd have trouble looking him in the eye .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a denial of mistakes .
it 's a system where there are two basic positions - - - those who make mistakes and those who don 't make them , those who limit sleep deprivation and those without restrictions , those with bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
it 's almost an ideological reaction like antibodies attacking a human .
and there 's the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from medicine that we will remain a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day when one out of 10 doses is either either be either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either either be false or false or false in the process of death .
in this state , around 24,000 canadians are dying from crippling mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine provided the number .
both are severe brain damage because we don 't see the problem exactly as we should .
and it 's the main thing .
in a medical lab where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't compete .
sleep deprivation is rampant .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error so that we can use a perfect chest pain for a patient .
and then i take the same patient with a plastic surgeon , i make him sweaty and chatty , and i add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add
i 'm not taking the course .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms .
all this in summary , mistakes are inevitable .
so , if you take the system the way i was taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught it , and all the math , and all the math , and all the math , and all the math , and then there 's
and do you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , you hit the nerve , then you look down and swallow hard , and start telling your stories .
they want to tell their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i make . "
what she is is is an environment that will enable her to do so .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined physician is a person , white , for his humanity , she is not proud to make mistakes , but make every effort to learn from them so it can be passed down .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports when talking about her mistakes .
and she shows others their mistakes , not to expose them , but in a loving , loving way so that everyone benefits .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if so , then people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the newly defined doctor .
i 'm human , i make mistakes .
i 'm sorry , but i 'm trying to learn from best to pass it on .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me make my own three words .
i 'm gonna talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's a matter of quality control .
and because you can explain that idea in a minute , i 'll tell you three stories to use the time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know he was here .
they may think he was hunting finches , but they weren 't .
actually , he was collecting fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was an accident .
up to the ' 80s , he was fished in great style .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
we 've heard this story many times from the off-world colonies or other places , it 's not very special .
still , we can still get to the main road .
we still think they 're original .
the brochures still describe you as untouched .
what happened here ?
i want the second story to be a different concept , to clarify the concept of time travel .
because i was there when i was studying a lagoon in the southland in 1971 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced that i really didn 't come from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and some mangrove swamp swamp swamp water .
there have been a range of about 20 centimeters , some kind of spatial anomaly .
the home invasions of this country were very competitive , and the fishermen lived well and did well in ghana .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
mature , they measured five centimeters .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish had been having trouble being there .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells of my complicity in the formation of the southeast asia division .
in the ' 70s , earlier in the ' 60s , europe was a great source of funding .
it meant countries that caught 100 000 fish , the industrial fishing of this rather ugly ship is called the 4 .
i was riding on it , and we made a few boards in the south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south south china sea , and especially in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we caught there .
i now know it was the sea 's fault .
90 % of our food supply were sponges , other animals connected to it .
most of the fish , the little dots there on the debris , the debris , were fish droppings .
in essence , the sea of the sea came upon the deck and was set back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
within a year , you take a survey , and then you start fishing .
in this case , a hard or soft coral will be crushed .
it 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we captured one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill you because you could eat them well .
in fact , this mountain of debris is often accumulated by fishermen when they travel into areas that have never been fished before .
it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
we adapt our sensor readings to the new level and do not remember what was there .
if you put it back , this is what happens .
there are a few good things on the main island , a number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
in time , it changes , because for people , their actions are natural .
every generation looks at the images they take at the beginning of their conscious life as standard and will deduce everything .
the difference is then perceived as a loss .
but you do not perceive the previous losses .
there can be a sequence of things .
and in the end , all they want is the pathetic remains .
that 's basically our goal now .
we want to get things that have disappeared or things that aren 't what they were anymore .
you might now think that the problem was about people who certainly , when they lived in the first few societies , killed animals and became aware of what they did after a few generations .
because obviously , an animal that 's been around a lot is rare once before it 's hatched .
so you don 't lose a lot of eligible animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that 's why it 's not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea , those are the big fish .
they become less rare because we catch them .
with time , there 's little fish left , and we think it 's the fish tank .
this is what people accept .
well , because you don 't know that once was different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence as you displayed in an earlier form is not how you like to present the evidence .
there is , for example , an anecdote that the report of a captain something that observed large sums of water in this area can 't be used , or is not normally judged by water molecules because it 's not " scientific . "
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
it shows the huge part that can be played by an actor .
because we basically put the past back in the past .
we restore the past that people can 't understand because the water molecules have changed and are very low .
it allows the people who see a mirror image to benefit from the insight that allows them to reset their memory engrams .
what about the people who can 't do it because they have access - - the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think , art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art art
this is the simulation of the chesapeake bay .
a long time ago , there were road maps - - 500 years ago .
and they may be reminded of " avatar . "
when you think about " avatar , " when you think about it , people were so touched by it , except for the " avatar , " you were so touched by the " avatar " ?
because it was something that , in a way , passed .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give is to cameron to make " avatar ii " underwater .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to have a typewriter that registered with the government .
they also had to register a sheet of paper from this typewriter .
the government was able to trace trace trace trace trace trace trace trace trace trace trace .
if they found an article with false ideas , they could track down the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that , and how much that would limit the freedom of speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech speech .
in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
it happens to us today .
and no one seems to be upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use them against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three main sources of today 's existing energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy
let 's take a look at what really happens in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we 've got three emergency exits .
there 's some kind of subspace interference .
for example , here , this is mr. camonte 's secretary from kiev in the ukraine .
and the motives of murder are very easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy
these people make money .
they 're using money tools to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are cases of gang violence , gang violence that have made their money through multiple attacks .
this is vladimir nikolayevich , from estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn hasle .
this is matthew anderson , tariq massoud , and so on .
american intelligence froze the swiss bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank
the whereabouts are unknown .
and i 'm saying it 's more likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely likely
and it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future future future future , most of the crimes will be happening .
the second largest intelligence gathering we can observe today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else- - protests like an opinion , or your audience .
groups like anonymous have moved up over the last 12 months and have become one of the top players in the field of the world series .
so these are the three top criminals who do it for money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments running the attacks .
that 's where we have cases , like von deenis 's .
it shows exemplary what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
it is a secret from the netherlands or was .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , because ...
someone had broken in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week , in a dutch youth group , i introduced one of the leaders of this group to believe it was possible that because of the people involved died .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in the wake of such a hack ?
- what ?
you , you , you , you .
what do you do with a man 's heart ?
well , a certificate is required when you have a web site with its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its its
well , you can if you 're into a foreign
i want you to write to write to write to write a book .
and that 's exactly what happened in the event of the accident .
what about the arab spring and the things that , for example , happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt , the insurgents raided the egyptian secret police headquarters in april , 2011 , and they found a file .
in these files , there was a folder called " security guard . "
and in this folder , there were notes from a german local company that sold some programs to the egyptian government that they were able to intercept any communication from the egyptian citizens .
they sold this program to the egyptian government .
it 's right here .
so , western governments supply governments to power power power companies so that they can move against their citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago , the so-called " pah-wraith . " that was a trojan used by germans to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're a suspect in a criminal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
you 're tapping your internet connection .
they 're using funds like the computer virus to use to reprogram their computer with a trojan that allows them to monitor all their communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications communications
so if we 're going to keep thinking about things like that , the obvious answer would be , " okay , that sounds , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that argument doesn 't make any sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not on the table .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a decision between freedom and control .
and today , in the year of 2011 , may we trust our governments , that we will deliver , forever .
and do we trust , do we trust every future government of our future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future future government , one that we may have in fifty years ?
these are the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of yours .
the first deposits were made in 1868 and included in a simple idea , modules made of cement with established measurements that matched .
in the early days , the world became the most powerful and powerful .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
in essence , the time difference had become the essence of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , legos came out with this .
it was called the " automatic rock . "
and within a few years , legos kept everyone in household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
legos basically took the world 's favorite movie , the world 's favorite movie , and turned it into a poster for our imagination .
the next revolution was announced in the year of the bell labs , the next fiscal year .
the transistor was a little transistor radio that would take us from a world of static , static , building blocks to a world where everything was static .
like the cinder block , the transistor allows us to build much bigger , more complex carbon dioxide , one stone at a time .
but there 's a radio , the transistor was only for experts .
i personally don 't accept the fact that our time is reserved for experts , and i chose to change that .
years ago , i was in the media lab , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power power
a few years ago , i began to develop a series of study techniques .
let me show you how they work .
particle reactors are electronic modules that have a specific function .
they 're like light , sound , sound , and light sensor .
and the best part is they connect with magnets .
so you can 't put them in the wrong place wrong wrong wrong .
the stones are solid .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one together , and you can build bigger fish tanks very quickly .
you put a blue one on a green one , and you can light it .
you can put a switch in between , and so you created a small window .
take out the switch to fit in an emergency signal here , and you made a little blinker .
add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add add
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond
instead of having to program , wire , or soldering , you 're allowed to be programmed with simple , everyday gestures .
so to speed up or slow down the signal , just turn on this button , and it 'll slow down the pulse .
the idea behind nazca is that it 's a growing library .
we want to take every single interaction in this world into a bottomless rock .
lights , sound , sound , engine all should be available .
we used to hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn at school .
like a night-light works or the doors of the elevator shaft reacts like an ipod touch .
we 've also taken care of business .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in anything electronic that started playing with metal objects as material .
here we see , with felt , paper , and water bottles ...
a couple of weeks ago , we took wood samples to wood 's and gave them to some of the wood that had no technical experience - just cardboard , paper , and told them to do something .
here 's an example of a project you were doing , a very profitable project .
but wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster made of dough that 's afraid in the dark .
for this data analysis , computer software became another material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available for everyone .
so the open source is open source .
you can go to the web site , download all the data files and make them yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself
we want to encourage the world of creators , the creator , the cast , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
so , go ahead and start inventing .
thank you .
