and , of course , we all share the same .
we are all born we are born , we are born children
we 're going through a search and rescue .
we have to deal with the inevitable separation of death , and so it should not surprise us that we all sing , dance and art and art .
but interesting is the unique voice of the song , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
all of these people teach us that there are other , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more .
and this is an idea that , when you think about it , can only give you hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world together form a web of the life of the world , and of the life of the world , the world 's , the world 's , the world 's , the , the , the , the , the , the , the biological , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this is the great legacy of mankind .
it is the symbol of all that we are , and what we are capable of as the most amazing , the most amazing of all .
and just as the , as the , the as the , the , the , the , the , the as the , the , the as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and the crucial indicator of that is that the languages are dying .
when every one of them was born in this room , on earth , six thousand languages were spoken .
now , a language is not only the totality of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
a language is the expression of the human spirit .
it is a means with which the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
each language is like a forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecological system of spiritual possibilities .
and of those six thousand languages , today , while we sit here in monterey , half of them are no longer whispered in the ears of children .
they will no longer be taught , they will not be taught , if they do nothing , they will be dead .
what could be more lonely than to be covered in silence , to be one of the last of your people , who speak your language , have no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors , or the hope of children ?
and yet , this terrible fate , this terrible fate , indeed , happens to someone , somewhere on the earth , of all two weeks , for every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last words of an old language with him to his grave
let it be , let it be .
and then suddenly you would see what it would be like if you could not speak your own language .
so today , i would like to , in a way , to take you on a journey through the , uh , a short journey through the , uh , to try to make you understand what has actually been lost .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say , " different possibilities of being , " really different ways of being .
take this , for example , this child , from the northern , in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the anaconda , the people from the east , that they , from the east , they , from the east , in the belly of sacred snakes .
it is a people who , who , in the , who , in the , who , in the blue , the blue , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you have a strange language , and a language of the language of the " linguistic " is to marry someone who speaks a different language .
the strange of all this , in the ancient mythological of the ancient , the strange of these great houses , where they speak six or seven languages , or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
they just listen and then they start talking .
or , or , one of the most ancient tribes that i have ever lived with , the world , in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who , for the first time in 1958 , have been contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in ' 57 , in ' 57 , in ' 57 , five missionaries tried to make a serious mistake .
they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they would lift up these photographs of the forest of the forest , and then , they would try to look behind the face or the figure , they found nothing , nothing , nothing , nothing , nothing , that these are the devil 's business cards and kill the five
but not only did those who killed outsiders with the spear .
they ran through each other .
54 % of the deaths were the result of the deaths of 54 % .
but at the same time they had a clear knowledge of the forest which was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 feet away and determine what the nature of this animal was .
to make sense of this sensation , i , of course , had to know something of this remarkable belief of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
on the contrary , it is a very complex of metaphysical ...
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to list the great , the great , the great , the great , the , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , islam , buddhism ,
a continent is always to be left out , for it was the assumption that there was no religious faith in the religious faith in the , and , of course there was , and of course there was , and , of course , there was a , and , that , that is , that is , that , that , that , that is , that , that , is , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , is , that , that , that , that , that ,
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits
the spirits can , from under the great water , the spirits can be , from under the great water , to the the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily , the spirit of the living , so that for a brief , shining moment ,
" you white go to the church and speak of god .
we dance in the temple and become god
and because you are possessed , you are consumed by the spirit how can you be hurt ?
you see , these amazing demonstrations , these amazing demonstrations , in a , in a blaze of burning coal with no burning , an amazing the power of the mind to control the body so that it can endure when it is in a state of extreme arousal
now , of all the people i have ever met , the most of the people i have ever met ... were the , uh , from the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
the descendants of the old , tyranny of the old , and the caribbean , which , in the conquest of colombia , were the descendants of the old , and of the old , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in a black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black , black and black .
to this day , to this day , they are ruled by the priests , but the training of the priesthood is extraordinary
and throughout all of this time , they are , to be , culturally , to the values of their society , values that maintain that their prayers and only their prayers and prayers , the cosmic , or we could say that ecological balance
it is so wonderful you must protect it
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , who we are the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world
now , this is a very important level of intuition .
the natives are neither sentimental , nor are they weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he is a whereabouts of a spirit or a pile of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of british columbia in the forests of british columbia , and i believed that these woods were to be to be taken out .
well , when you begin to look at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , such a plant here .
it is a photo i took only last april , in the northwest of the amazon .
this is , this is , of which many of you have heard , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , the most powerful , most powerful and powerful of the shaman 's ,
this plant contains some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very similar to the ...
in case you have ever seen the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this is to snort this powder is like being shot at from a rifle barrel , lined by painted paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it will not create a distortion of reality , but the dissolution of reality .
but the thing about the , the thing about the , you can 't be taken orally , because , through a in the human intestines , of course , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are ,
they can only be taken orally in connection with some of the other chemicals used by mao
now , what is fascinating is that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
how can these people , from a plant of over 80,000 species of plants , can these two , the , uh , that , when combined in this way , can create a kind of , of , like , the , the , the , the , uh ,
we use this great , great , and we use this great , and we use this great , great , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
but when they ask the indians they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , this tribe , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and then you ask them , how they explain their , how they explain their " i thought you knew something about plants .
and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out , each of the 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to one in a different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a doctorate at harvard , but it 's much more interesting to count than , you know , to count .
well , the problem is that even those among us who have the sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives think of them as the ... and of , in a way , to the past , the real world , our world .
all of the cultures have always , always , always , always , always , always , always , always , participate in the new dance with the new ,
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the sioux , the more the more , the more the more the more the more the more the more the the more the the more the the the more the the more the the more the the the more the more the more the the the the more the the the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the the the the more the more the more the the the more the more the more the more the the the the the more the more the the the the
no change , no technology , no , no , no , no .
or if we go into the mountains of tibet , where i do more research , the ugly face of political dominance .
you know , the genocide of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and they cannot understand the suffering of tibet , if they have not experienced it on a cellular level .
the father of this young man , this young man 's father has been identified as the disciple of the dalai lama .
it meant that during the chinese invasion he was killed instantly
his uncle , his uncle , who , with his holiness , fled to the north , who brought people to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two years to hide under her skirt , for she could not live without him
the sister who has committed this brave deed has been taken to a place in a village .
one day one day , she , by accident , she , she , she , who , by mistake , stepped on an " mao bracelet " and , for these offenses she had to spend seven years in a heavy labor camp
the suffering of tibet can be unbearable , but the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and in the end , we are in the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have been there for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution , which brought to us , and in this moment , we , in this the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have all the answers to the challenges that we face in the coming millennia .
when we ask these many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , to ask the meaning of the song , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
here is a photo i took at the north end of the , at the north end of the world , when i went to the to the to the , and this man , this man ,
the canadian government has not always been very good with the inuit , and during the years of the year , in the year of the new year of our rule , they have been forced to move to settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took away all the weapons and all the tools
now you must know that the inuit are not afraid of the cold they use it to their advantage
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the ,
the man 's grandfather , the man 's grandfather , was not afraid of the arctic night or the blazing storm .
he slipped out , he let his trousers down from his trousers down from his hand , and when the feces became cold , he shaped them into the form of a knife .
he poured saliva on the sides of his saliva and when it was completely frozen he stabbed a dog with it .
he , he , the dog , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , the dog , and he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he
so nothing can be done .
and this is , in many , in many ways , a symbol of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the canadian canadian government , in april , 1999 , has returned the total control of an area greater than california and texas combined .
it is our new home , our new home , and is called the name of our new home .
it is an independent field , they control all of the world .
an amazing example of how a nation , a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its people .
and in the end , i think it is quite obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant ends of the earth , to know that they have not been removed at all .
you are someone 's favorite .
they represent the parts of the human imagination which , in the past and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children , are a part of the geography of hope .
what we try at national geographic in the end is that we believe that politicians can never achieve anything .
we believe that we believe that we believe that we believe that we can not believe , but we believe that we can change the world , and so we are the best , the best , the best , the best , the best ,
156 nations are sending our satellite network .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we we see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , are here ,
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at , how great these are collections or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photographs of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of the library of the library , and it is in a area of over 300 .
it doesn 't make no difference because the only thing that can limit the power of a system such as this , is the number of , uh , a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of a book , for example .
this is the house of the house of dickens .
to prove that to prove that it is indeed a text and not a picture , we can do something like that , to really show that this is a ... a ...
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a special case , this is an issue from the guardian .
every big picture is the start of a leg .
and it really gives you the pleasure and the good experience , to read a real magazine , or a newspaper , which is a kind of a medium , medium , with a number of , you know ?
we also did something at the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we have created a false report with a very high resolution , which is much higher than a normal , and we have added additional content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these
we hope that this will no longer mean no more nonsense , and no more nonsense .
of course , of course , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
and i really don 't want to spend too much time here , except to say that we will also contribute to this .
but these are all the streets , all the roads in the streets .
it 's at the top of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ,
let 's get something else out now .
this is now even live on the internet , you can check it .
this is a project with the name of the " the " " of the two different technologies .
the one is the one , the one is the one , and the other , is a very good research on the , uh , the , uh , the one is the , uh , the one is , the , uh , the one is , the , the ,
and it was rick , who was done by microsoft research , and it was a very good collaboration .
so this is live live on the internet , which is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is it , is , is , is , is , is , is ,
you can see that , when we create this kind of , you can see , in which we can pass through images through images and make this experience of the overall resolution .
but the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i don 't know if i still have time to show you some of the other facilities .
there are those who are , who are much more .
we had to worry about the lawyers and everything .
thus , these are all of these , all of these , so they are all , in this way , connected to each other .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i am very grateful for the reception here .
i guess you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras , all of which are , everything , from the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ,
and if possible , i will find some of the strange .
many of them are covered by their faces and their faces .
there are a series of photographs here .
this is , in fact , a poster of the notre dame that was recorded properly
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point here is that we can do things to the social environment , we can now gather data from all of the the collective memory of how , visually the earth looks and everything is connected .
all of these photos are linked together , and it is created something greater than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model that will be made from all the earth .
think of this as the continuation of the work of the work of the work of stephen king to virtual earth .
and this is something that , by the complexity of which people use it , grows , and the use of it for the user with the use of the use of the use of the use of the use
your own photos will be included with metadata , which another person has entered .
and , of course , of course , the byproduct of all of these are the rich , rich virtual models of each of the most interesting parts of the earth , which were not only received by satellite or satellite images and so on , but by the collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within the next few years , all the images used by someone in the world together are basically linked together ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to , you can do it , you can do it .
and she does this because of its contents in the pictures .
and this is very exciting , when you think of the abundance of the information that many of these images possess .
like when you do a study for the pictures , where you type in sentences , and the text of the website contains a lot of information about what picture this is .
but how would it be , if the picture , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , you , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
it is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , oh , my , my , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ,
thank you very much .
i will tell you some things from my book that , as i hope , are in harmony with other things that you have heard , and i will try to make some connections myself , if you have not noticed them .
i want to start with what i call " official dogma "
the official tenet of what ?
this is the official of all western and western and western and western .
if our goal is to maximize the value of our citizens ' freedom , it is , especially by the the freedom of the individual 's freedom .
the reason for this is that freedom is good for itself is , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of value , of a universal , a human condition .
when people are free , each of us is to do for ourselves to do the things that maximize our common good and no one has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more people have choices , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common good they have .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply , so that no one would ever think to question it .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what will give us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how the supermarket is .
and then they go to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we can put together a million different stereo systems from the components that are offered in this one store .
you have to admit , it 's quite a selection .
in other areas - the world of communication .
there was a time when when i was a boy you could have any phone company you wanted as long as it came from ma bell
you rented your phone you didn 't buy it
the following was that the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we now have almost an infinite variety of phone phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle , the one in the middle , the one in the middle , the one in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh ,
and if you haven 't seen this in your business , you can be sure you will soon .
and what it does is it makes people walk into business and ask that question .
do you now know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it is not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other in other aspects of life , which are far more important than the purchase of items , the same explosion of the choices .
it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tell you what to do .
instead you go to the doctor and the doctor says we can do " a " or we can do " b " .
" a " has these advantages and risks .
what are you going to do ?
and they say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says that " a " has these advantages and risks , and " b " has the advantages and the risks .
what will you do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i am not you . "
there is an enormous marketing marketing of prescription drugs for people like you and me , which , when you think about it makes no sense at all because we don 't buy it .
why do they woo us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is they expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change of prescription .
now , something as simple as our identity is now a matter of choice how this slide is to show .
we don 't inherit an identity , we invent it .
and we often reinvent ourselves as often as we like .
it means that every day when you wake up in the morning you have to decide what kind of person you want to be
in regard to marriage and family , there was a time when , in the time , when the , uh , family was , that almost everyone had , and that they got married as quickly as they could and had children as quickly as they could .
the only true choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
nowadays everything is easy to have .
i teach wonderful , intelligent students and i give them 20 % less work than i did before .
and not because they are less clever , not because they are less careful .
it is because you are busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i marry or not ?
do you want me to get married later , to have children or to have a career ?
they are all questions , questions .
and you will answer these questions , regardless of whether or not it means to do all the tasks that i give to you and not get a good grade in my class .
and in fact , you should do this , these are important questions to be asked .
we are blessed , as carl has made , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet except for the randolph hotel .
by the way , there is a corner that i will not tell anyone about which i will not tell you , where it works .
i won 't tell you because i want to use it
so what it means is , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions in terms of work , again and again and again and again , whether we should work or should not .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even though they are all shut off , every minute we watch our child , when we watch our child , when we see our child , we ask , " should i accept this call ?
should i write this letter ?
and even though the answer to the question , " no , " it is surely , that it is that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it , that it is , that it , that it is
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice
and the world we lived in looked like this
what i 'm trying to say is , there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world in which we now live we now live is like this
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'll become what 's bad about it
all of these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
the effect , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
with so many so many options you can choose from , people are very hard to even choose .
i will give you another drastic example of this , a study on investment in voluntary retirement funds .
a colleague of mine had had access to the records from vanguard , the the giant , from about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was , per the 10 times the employer offered , the attendance was 2 % .
they offer 50 to 50 to 10 % less employees take part as if only to offer five .
it is so hard to decide which to choose which to choose which to choose , that they will delay tomorrow .
and then tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow never , of course , ever .
by not participating , they give up up up to $ 5,000 to $ 5,000 a year from the who who was happy would have their share .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this
you really want to make the decision right if it is for all eternity , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or the wrong salad dressing .
the other effect is that even if we can overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we will be less pleased with the results of the choice than if we had the opportunity to choose between less and less .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more opportunity there are , the easier it is nothing to regret it is disappointing for the choices you make
secondly , what economists , what economists , what they call " the "
dan gilbert made a big score this morning by telling how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we compare .
well , if there are so many other alternatives to consider , it is simply to think of attractive qualities of other , which you rule out makes you less satisfied with the other choices you have chosen .
for those of you who are not new , i apologize .
but here is what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful .
what could be better ? " damn " the man thinks it 's august .
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right in front of my house
and he spends two weeks , he spends two weeks thinking he missed the opportunity to have a great parking lot .
we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and the more opportunities there are to choose , the more attractive qualities of this choice are considered in the more in the more attractive .
here is another example .
well , this cartoon is making some statements .
he makes a statement about living in the now and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point he makes is that whenever you choose one thing , you choose not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and what they will do will make less attractive .
third , the escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i tried to change my jeans
i wear jeans almost all the time .
so i went to buy new jeans , after many years of the old , and i said , " i would like a pair of jeans , this is my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want to lean , lean , lean , lean , or lean ?
do you want to , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , do you , uh , do you , do , do you , do you , do , do you , do , do , do you , do , do , do you , do , do you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do you , do , do you ,
you want jeans with holes ?
" if you want to cut down , cut down , cut down , cut down , cut down , blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah , "
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i would like to have the kind that used to be the only kind
he had no idea what it was , so i spent an hour trying on all those damn jeans , leaving the business and i tell the truth about the best jeans i ever had .
i had it , i had it better , and all of those choices made it possible for me to have better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try to explain it to myself
the reason i felt i felt worse was , with all these available opportunities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans , went up high .
i had very low expectations , i had no concrete expectations when they were only in one kind .
when they came in a hundred different ways , one of them should have been perfect .
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i had i had what i had , what i had , and what i had i was , was disappointing compared to what i expected .
the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this brings to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
no one in the world of the world of man knows , because if they did , they all wouldn 't know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that once everything was better than everything was worse when everything was worse , it was possible for people to have experience that was a pleasant surprise
today , in the world in which we live , we are rich , wealthy , rich people , with perfection the best you can ever hope for is that things are as good as you expect them to .
they will never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever .
the secret the secret to the family , which is what they all have come to , the secret to the family is low expectations .
i would like to say , a brief , brief moment that i am married to a woman , and she is very , very beautiful .
i couldn 't have done better , i have not settled
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that is disappointing and you ask why , who is responsible ?
is it also also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed that they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so it is the feeling that we , in general we feel better , we feel better , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official tenet , the one that we all think is right is completely wrong it is not true
there is no question that a little choice is better than none , but it does not , that more choice is better than a little choice .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure that we have missed this point for a long time , in which our common good is improving our common good .
now , as a matter of principle , i am almost done as a question a question a matter of thinking about , that what all of these choices can be made possible in the most popular societies is wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many of you whose problem is not too much to choose .
your problem is that you have too little .
so the things i talk about are a strange problem of modern , rich , western society .
and what is so frustrating and what is so annoying is that yesterday steve levitt told you yesterday about how the more expensive and difficult to do is not help , it is a waste of money
what i tell you is that these expensive , complicated decisions are not easy , that they do not help .
they even hurt .
they make us look worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions to the societies that people in whom people who have too little to change , not only would the lives of the people of the people , but we would also improve .
it 's what economists call this , an application that is a ...
he will make sure that everyone is better , not only the poor , but the poor , the poor , because all the great , many of the many , many of us have come
in conclusion , will you please read this cartoon , and , a highly evolved person , say , " what does this fish know ?
you know nothing you can do in this goldfish bowl
an impoverished fantasy , a shortsighted vision of the world and that is the way i first read it .
the more i thought about it , the more i thought , the more i thought that the fish knew something .
because the truth is that when you break the goldfish bowl , you can break it all you can , you have no freedom , you have nothing
when you break the goldfish bowl so that anything is possible , you will lower your happiness
they increase the paralysis and lower the happiness .
everybody needs a goldfish bowl .
this is almost , with absolute certainty , too limited , perhaps even for the fish , definitely for us .
but what that was missing from a metaphorical goldfish bowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suspect disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i have i , you know , i have talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome , and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we begin from a new point , we have digitized biology , and now we are trying to from the digital code to a new phase of biology by creating and building new life .
we have always tried to ask important questions .
it is something i believe that many biologists have tried to understand and on different levels .
we have tried several different approaches to make it simple to the very few components .
we have been digital for almost 20 years , and when we have , we have , we have , as we have , the change of the world of biology to the digital world of computers .
now are we trying to ask if we can restore life or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism of a small organism , a , a , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we have managed to give up about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
therefore , we have decided that it is the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome , which allows us to vary the individual components , so to ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we began with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow to create these really , really great molecules that have never been done before ?
and if we can , can we start the chromosome ?
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of highly sensitive chemical material .
our steps in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
our ability to write a genetic code has developed very slowly , but it has , however , increased , and our final point would now be to a more and more turn .
we started it 15 years ago .
it actually took a few years to start with a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
as it turns out , it 's very difficult to find a way .
there are tens of thousands of thousands of machines around the world can make the small pieces of dna , 30 or 50 letters long , but it is a process , so the longer you make one piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , beginning with the digital information , of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ,
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we produced small pieces , we made a small piece , and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the most exciting phase was when we took this piece of chemical and put it into a bacteria , and the bacteria began to read the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles then released from the cells and came back and killed e. coli .
the other day i spoke to the oil industry and they said they understood this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation in the software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to use digital information in the computer , with digital information , this digital information must be accurate .
when we first got the genome in ' 95 , in ' 95 in ' 95 in ' 95 in ' 95 , the first time in ' 95 was a mistake in a 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
if we had used the original sequence it would never have been possible to drive up .
a part of the design is to create pieces which are 50 letters long , and which have to overlap with other , to build smaller pieces of the design so that they can match .
we have a unique set of elements here .
you may have heard that we 've put in a set of these .
we have a code , a , c , c , g and t .
and here there is a single purpose for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first , we just signed it .
some people were disappointed that it was not poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply cut them up with enzymes , and there are enzymes that can repair them and put them back together .
and we began to create pieces , starting with pieces that had , with pieces of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in each step , we have produced these pieces in the excess so that we could , because we were trying to create a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
we were trying to get to the point where we could get to the point where we could get to .
well , it looks like a ... it looks like a ...
if we can get to these really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
we knew that we knew that the mechanism of the which is called the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
here is an example of this , an organism known as the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it all came back to the same .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can become completely dried out , they can even live in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life in space can exist in space , and can move , in search of the conditions that are in need .
in fact , nasa has shown that there are a lot of that out there .
here we have a here , here is a , a , a , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this is not a , this is not a , it 's a regular , it 's a regular , it 's a regular ,
it is such a huge molecule that we can even see it with the , the , the , the , the , the .
this is footage of a duration of six seconds .
this is the paper we have recently finished .
it is the most , the one , the most , the one , the most , the one , the most , the one , the most , the one , the most , the , the most , the most , the , the , the , the , the , the , is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it has a $ 300 million worth of it .
if we were to print it out with a 10 and no intervals , it would include 142 pages , just to add this genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome how do we activate it ?
it is obvious that with a virus it is very simple , it is much more complicated to deal with bacteria .
it is as simple as it is , it is easier to do it in as we are , you just take out the , and you put another , and that is exactly what you all heard about the cloning .
at the time of the death , the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but only recently , we have shown that you can perform a complete transplant from one cell to the other , from one cell to the other ,
the new chromosome went into the cell .
as a matter of fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to bring the process a little further .
this is the most basic of evolution here .
we find all types of species here that have taken on a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , each time thousands of species , each in one second , each in a single second , to a species .
so people , who think of evolution as a gene that has changed at a time , have missed much of biology .
there are a few enzymes that are called the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the chromosome that was in the cell has none , the chromosomes that we have inserted into .
it was then , in the cell , and the other chromosome , the other chromosome , when the other , when the other , when it was , we ended up with only one cell with a new chromosome .
it was blue , because of the genes we had added .
and after a very short time , there had lost all the characteristics of the species and completely converted into a new species based on the new software that we gave into the cell .
all the proteins changed the membranes changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like it may sound like we can , but we can , by moving the time travel , change things very dramatically .
now i have now i have argued that this is not the genesis , which is based on 3 billion years of evolution
and i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have ,
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious , considering what we need .
we are now , from six and a half and a half and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet , for anyone who existed in 1946 , in 40 years in 40 years , there will be four .
we have problems with food , food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for six and a half billion .
it will be a challenge to offer this for nine .
we need more than five billion tons of coal , five billion barrels of oil that 's a hundred million barrels a day .
when we think about biological processes or any process to replace it , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , of course , there is all the co2 of this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we now , from our discoveries from all over the world , we now have a database of about 20 million in genes , and i would like to believe that these are the future 's most the future the future .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the ,
we are here , we are here , we are , in the first , to the limits of biological reality , and to those of our imagination .
we have technology today , because of this fast , and we have technology today , to do what we call " the "
we now have the opportunity to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you can imagine to create these 20 million different genes in different genes , or to improve these processes to create , or to create new vaccines , and with one small team , we can change molecular biology more in molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it is only natural selection , and we can go to the
this is a recording of the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
you know , we don 't know what it will look , we know exactly what their genetic code will be .
we now focus now on the fourth generation of the fourth generation .
they 've recently seen corn to ethanol corn , which is just a bad experiment .
we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but , as we think , the only way for biology to have a great influence with no further increase in the cost of food or the restriction of its availability is that when we see co2 as carbon dioxide , and so we work on the cells that go this way
and we think that we will be the first of the fourth generation to be the first , in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all different different methods .
this is an organism we have described in 1996
he lives in the depths of the deep sea , about five miles deep , near boiling , boiling , boiling water .
it converts co2 to methane , using hydrogen as a power source .
we are to see if we can use compressed co2 , which could simply be used to be converted into carbon dioxide , convert co2 into fuel to power this process .
within a short time period , we believe we may be able to solve one of life 's most basic questions .
you know , we have really , really , really , really , really , really , really , we have , like , the , you know , we have really , really , really , really , really , really , really , you know , we have really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really ,
but as we are now , we are working on the same , the same , the same way we are currently working to apply the same approaches to the development of the
you 've seen it this year with the flu , we 've been in the back for a year and we have a dollar too little , if it 's the right vaccine .
i think that it can be changed by making a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
this is what the future could possibly look like , with changes , can today , today , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we are light and light years away from making people better , and our goal is only that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do that .
at the last the last ted conference , at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the special .
and i promised i would come back to tell you how the machine works .
and for those who were not there , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
his task is to create the conditions , which were less than a second less than a second , after the beginning of the universe , and until 600 million times in a second .
it 's just , it 's just incredibly ambitious .
this is the plane below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
he calls himself " atlas detector " 44 meters in the wide , 22 meters in diameter .
this is a spectacular , spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction , so that you can see the
on september 10 , last september , last year , the machine was the first time it was on .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it has caused a tremendous amount of rejoicing in the control room .
it is a picture of the first day of the first day , which , all the way around the world , then deliberately collided with a part of the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the ...
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10 , we knew that the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i do not know whether or not it was that it was that that it was that it was that it was that that it was that that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was that it was
it means that we have achieved a cultural influence with the scientific one .
about a week later , about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires , these golden wires here
these are the wires that run the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now , the engineers among you will look at them and say , " no they do not , they are little wires
they can afford it , because if you take it down very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
at minus 27 degrees , so , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections between the two of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the
it makes the wires heat up slightly and slightly , and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
this was the result .
well , this is all even more impressive if you can imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and then they move about six inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove what we did .
we fixed them , we fixed them , we fixed them .
they are now all on their way back .
by the end of march , by the end of march , the main power will be restored .
we will turn it on and expect to collect first dates in june or july , and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , of course , in a way , accidents such accidents will once again set up the debate for the value of science and science at such borders .
i i think the fact that it is so difficult , the fact that we reach beyond our borders is the value of things like the
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but it is of course more than that .
it is also my great , my love , my love , my life , and my fascination .
and i do not expect that will ever change .
however , recently , something strange has happened in my life and my career , which has made me completely reconsider my relationship to this work .
the result is that no matter where i go i will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously - - doomed !
for , for example , you come to me worried and say , " do not you fear that you will never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever ,
are you not afraid that you will spend your whole life and you will never again create a book that no one in the world will ever care about ?
okay , that 's really brave .
people said , you are not afraid that you will never succeed
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
are you not afraid that you will live your life and that you will live your life and that nothing will ever come and that you will die on a pile of broken dreams your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure
something like that , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is , yes , yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all those things .
and i always have .
and i am afraid of even more things that no one would know
like algae and other scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i think about it recently and i wonder why ?
is that reasonable ?
is it logical , is it logical that someone should be expected , that he is afraid to do the work that he is called ?
and what exactly is the matter with creative enterprises that they make us unsure of the state of mind , in a way that others do not ?
my father , for example , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist who was asked if he was afraid to be a chemist
how are you doing with that ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemist 's groups , for over the centuries , have not received the call of the people of the world ,
but not only the writers , but the creative and creative in the world , it seems to have a reputation that is , mentally and mentally unstable .
all you have to do is to look at the bitter , the bitter , the most of truly great minds of the 20th century , who died young and often by their own hands .
and even those who did not indeed commit suicide seemed to have indeed been neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said , just before he died in his last interview , that every one of my books has killed me a little bit more .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i would like to ask everyone here today ... is this idea for you , is it all right ?
you feel comfortable with that , because i am not comfortable with that .
i think you 're disgusting .
and i find it dangerous and i do not want to see it taken over into the next century .
i think it better that we encourage our great creative to live
and i know that for me , in my situation it would be very dangerous for me to start , to begin this dark path of guess , such as , especially in the fact that i am in my career .
i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i , i , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i am , i
i may have another 40 more of these in me .
and it is most likely that from now on everything that i will write from the world will be judged as the work that has been , after the awesome success of my last book
i say it plainly , because we are all friends here we are friends here we are friends , it is most likely that my greatest success is behind me
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 in the morning .
i would rather continue to do the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the age of the age , it seems to me that in order to continue to write , i have to design some sort of a more , more or less , psychological construct .
from now on , from now on i must find a way to keep a safe distance between me and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the written will be .
this quest has led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me because the circle will close again
but in ancient greece , in ancient greece and rome , people did not believe that people are the creative of man .
they believed that creativity was a kind of a kind of a divine god , who , from a distant , unknown source , comes to man for unknown , unknown reasons .
the greeks called these divine , the great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great ,
it is known by socrates that he believed that he had a demon who , from far away , told him the wisdom of a demon .
the romans the romans had the same idea , called this kind of a , like the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that is brilliant - - there it is , there is the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked like that , right ?
the artist of the master 's was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
when your work was brilliant , you couldn 't have done everything you wanted , and everyone knew that you had this genius who helped you .
when your work is done ... not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a bit lame .
that 's how people in the west have thought for a really long time about creativity .
it is the beginning of the rational and the people began to believe that creativity was created entirely by one individual .
for the first time in history , people call this or this artist a genius ... instead of that he has a genius .
i must tell you i think it was a big mistake
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun
it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
i think that this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and if that is true , and i think it is true the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps to an ancient understanding of the relationship between man and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
perhaps , for 500 years , we can not erase the idea of the idea of a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and surely there are certain people in this audience who would , indeed , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , would , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really ,
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this journey .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think about it ?
because it makes just as much sense as anything else i 've ever heard about when it was about explaining the totally insane , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally ,
a trial , which , as everyone knows , who has ever tried to do something , in other words , everyone here , is not always to be sensible
in fact , sometimes , he can sometimes feel like he can sometimes feel like he 's really , really , really , really , really .
she said she said it was like a ... it was like a ...
he who , above the land , who would be to you .
she felt when it came , for it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew that in such a moment she could only do one thing , and that was , in her words ,
and then there were these moments i will never forget that part she said there were moments when she almost missed it
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
on these occasions , the poem came in perfect and intact on paper , but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that i thought it was , i thought it was scary , it 's just how my creative process works
this is nothing like my creative process i am not the canal
i am a mule , i have to get up and sweat every day and sweat , toil and sweat and work and really , really
but even i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and i guess that many of you have , too .
even i have had work , or ideas that i , who , from a source , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
what is that thing ?
and how are we to be in a relationship without losing our minds , but to , on the contrary , to keep us in our mental health ?
for me , the best living example of how this can be done by a musician , tom waits , and i was allowed to interview him for a magazine a few years ago .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist who tried to control these uncontrollable creative impulses that he had in him , and to deal with them .
but then he grew older and he became more and more calm and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and that everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
and so it begins , and this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
i 'm not good enough , i can 't , i can 't , i can 't do it , i can 't do it , i can 't do it
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished all the thought and did something completely new .
he just looked up into the sky and he said , " i 'm sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ?
do i look like i could write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back at a more convenient time when i can take care of you .
if not , you will torture someone else today
go and torture leonard cohen
he changed his whole life .
not the work itself , it was always as dark as ever
there could have been a strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , mysterious , strange , mysterious , mysterious , strange , mysterious , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , and strange ... a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a conversation between tom and
when i heard this story , it also changed the way i worked and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of times .
i started to think that i should just , you know , i should just , you know , i should just , you know , just ...
but then i then i remembered that tom had spoken to me in the open sky and i tried .
so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i , i i i i i i , i i i i i , i , i i i i i i i i i i i i , i , i , i , i i i , i , i i , i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i , i i i i i i i
because you see that i will invest everything that i have , i have no more than that
so if you want it better , you have to come here and keep your end of the deal .
okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , the hell with it .
i 'm still gonna keep writing , because that 's my job .
and i would , please , on the record that i was here today for my part of the job .
centuries ago , in the deserts of the great , the people of the great , who have gathered together , with the sacred dances and the music that have been held for hours and hours , until dawn .
these parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something very special happened , and one of the cast was actually a
and i know you know you know what i mean , because i know that you have all in your life have seen such a performance .
it was as if time stood still and time stood , and the dancer , through a sort of door , he did nothing different than he has ever done , a thousand nights before , but it all came together .
and suddenly , suddenly he no longer seemed pure human .
it was lit from the inside and lit up from the below and all through a divine fire
when something like this happened , people knew what it was , they called it by his name .
they put their hands together , and they began to sing :
that is god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magic done by allah , ol , ol , ol , allah , great , great , bravo , bravo , bravo , it is , a glimpse of god .
and this is great , because we need this .
but , the tricky part is the next morning , when the dancer wakes up himself and realizes that it is 11 : 11 on a tuesday and he no longer has a spark of god .
he is but an aging mortal with his aching knees and perhaps he will never again rise to those heights .
and maybe no one will ever again call god 's name when he turns but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most important adjustments of a creative life .
but perhaps it may not have to be so full of pain , if from the very beginning you did not believe that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence came from you .
if perhaps if you only believe that you are on loan from a loan from an unimaginable source for an exquisite time of your life passed on to someone else when you are done with it .
when we start thinking about it , think about it , it changes everything .
so i began to think , and so i think , for the past few months , while i have been working on the book which will soon appear , as the dangerous , scary , and highly anticipated successor of my
what i have to say to myself all the time , when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
continue to be there for your contribution , whatever he may be .
when your job is to dance , dance
if the stupid , divine genius , who , by your side , is the one who , for a moment , is to show a touch of wonder , by your efforts , by your efforts , then , by you ,
and if not , dance your dance .
and ole and ole ole ole ole , for you in spite of all
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach .
in spite of all that , you have the only love and the lust of men and the desire to be there
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , last year , i showed these two slides , to illustrate that the arctic ice cap , which , for nearly three million years , was the size of the lower 48 and 40 % , has been reduced .
but this is not strong enough to express the seriousness of this particular problem because it does not show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the beating heart of our global warming .
it grows in the winter , and it shrinks in the summer .
the next slide that i will show you is a ... that has happened in the last 25 years .
the red is marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the , the blue , the blue blue , which is the winter 's annual ice cream , and it is shrinking in the summer .
the what is known as the , uh , five years old or older , is almost like blood , which is from the body of this body .
in 25 years it will have disappeared from here to here
this is a problem , because the warming is the the frozen cause of the arctic ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , when it thaws , will be reduced to methane by microbes ,
now , compared to the amount of the total amount of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. of ... .. the ... .. and ... .. of ... .. of ... .. and ... .. of ... .. and ... .. and ... .. of ... .. and ... .. and ... ..
even today , in some flat lakes in alaska , the methane bubbles from the water itself .
professor katie walter , from the university of alaska , with another study group , has traveled to another lake in the last winter .
wow !
the question is , how will we be ?
and one reason is that this huge ocean of ice , this huge ocean of greenland from the north .
this this is a special , a , this is a
but the volume is far greater than ever .
this is the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the ,
if you would like to know how the sea sea sea sea sea level is through the sea here it flows into the sea
these rivers are rapidly increasing .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the the world 's largest , the world 's largest ,
last month , a group of scientists reported that the entire continent is now in a negative , negative ,
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
this is the equivalent of 20 feet , 20 feet north , like greenland .
in the himalayas , in the himalayas , in the himalayas , in the mountains , in the mountains , in the mountains of the mountains .
40 % % of all the people in the world will get half of their share of the profits from this .
in the the andes , this glacier is the island of this city .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
but if it is dry , most of the drinking water will also dry up .
in california , in california , a 40 and a 40 and a in the west coast of the sierra .
this concerns the , uh ...
and the predictions , as you have read them are serious .
this dehydration all over the world causes a dramatic increase in fire .
and the disasters of all over the world have , in a really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really ,
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally , totally .
if you look at this in the historical context you can see what it does .
in the last five years , we have produced 70 million tons of co2 , each 24 hours 25 million tons , 25 million tons a day into the oceans
look carefully at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent to the west and west of the indian , where there is a drastic drop of the sea in the oceans .
the biggest factor for global warming , next to logging , which is 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states of the united states is one of the top two of the world 's largest , with china .
and the proposal was to build many more of the more , more .
but we are beginning to see a change .
here are the ones that have been painted over the last few years with some green alternatives that have been suggested .
there is a political debate in our country .
and the , uh , and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
this image reminded me of something .
walking around christmas , at my home in tennessee , a billion , a billion , a billion , tons of ,
they probably saw it on the news .
this is , in all of our country , this is the world of the world of the world of the world 's most famous
this happened at christmas .
one of the , uh , one of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , one of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
frosty the ' frosty the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' and ' the ' the ' the ' and ' the ' the ' and ' the ' and ' and ' and ' and '
it is there in abundance in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , frosty , the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' the ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , is , it is , it is
this is the source of the most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful coal miner is the head of massey coal .
let me be very clear , al gore al gore , nancy , nancy , harry reid , you don 't know what you 're talking about .
so , the alliance for the united nations has brought two campaigns to life .
this is one , part of her .
in the environmental crisis , climate change is a serious danger to our business .
therefore , we have , therefore , we have set ourselves to the supreme , to spend a considerable sum of money , to create a promotion , to pay the truth about money .
the fact is , money is not dirty .
we think she 's clean she smells good
don 't worry about climate change .
leave that to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so , let 's take a tour of these modern , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean ,
this machine is very loud .
but it is the sound of the sound of the , the sound of the , the , the , the , the sound of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and yet , the burning of coal of coal is one of the most powerful of the global warming , which is the remarkably clean , which you see here , changes everything .
take a good look at this , this is today 's , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the , this , this is , this is the , this , this , this is the , this , this is the , this , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the , this is the ,
at last , the positive and positive alternative is finally mixed with our economic challenge and our challenge to national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the national security .
the red thread that binds all of them together is our addiction to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
but now there is a brave , new solution to save us from this unfortunate situation .
america , with 100 % of clean electricity , will again , in the next 10 years .
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems
new to america , new to america .
this is the last .
it 's about an american , a special american .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , old , dirty , filthy , who is suffocating our world .
the future is here , the wind , the sun and a new power system
new investments to create well paid jobs .
it is time to embrace reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together
we must go far , we must go quickly
thank you .
i would like to begin by asking you to remember the time of your childhood when you were playing with the music of the music .
while they realized how to reach out and to reach out and to reach out and to reach and touch and touch , they actually learned to think and to solve problems with understanding and to change the
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
that question was so moving that we decided to study the answer and to study the answer , and we evolved .
in short , in short , a computer system is a computer that is the size of a computer .
they can be moved with their hands , they can perceive each other , they can capture their movements and they have a screen and a screen and a screen .
more importantly , are physically , which is why , like blocks , you can only move it through the reach of your hands and reach .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the
and when these tools become physical and develop a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the the the the the finer points of our relationship with them , then we can begin with the exploration of new and entertaining new ,
i 'll start with a few simple , simple , simple , simple , simple .
this is the , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this
and these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ...
so if i put them next to each other , it makes you interested .
when you are surrounded , you can also notice and you can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and their pitch .
an interesting result of an interesting series of the interactions we began to recognize was that we could , in everyday gestures , we could use , like , to , you know , to , like , to , you know , to do , with fluids .
in this case , we have , in this case , we have , we have , we have , in this case , we have , we have , in this case , we have , we have , in this case , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we have , we , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we have , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
if we go too far , we can go a little further .
also , there are also a few nice opportunities in education , like language , mathematics , mathematics , or of course , where we give people the opportunity of a quick study and want to see the results immediately .
here i am ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ...
this is a game with words that is a kind of a combination of scrabble and boggle .
basically , each round , each round , each round , each and every round , happens to have the letters , and while you try to form words , they are tested by a dictionary .
and then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have to try a new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a field trip , i could get them to try it out and i made a video of it .
you really loved it .
an interesting fact in this kind of applications is that you don 't have to give people many instructions
all you have to say is " form words " and you know what to do .
there are a few more people here to test it .
this is our youngest , the youngest , the youngest , the one down there on the right .
it turns out he was just , uh , just , uh , he was , uh , just , uh , he was , uh , he was , uh , he was just , uh , he was , uh ... he was just , uh , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was , he was ,
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive , interactive
we were trying to develop a ... a ...
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by lifting the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ,
here it makes the sun rise
the sun rises
now he brings a tractor into the scene
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the hand of the hand of the hand , he can make the characters interact ...
make up his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it will evolve .
flying cat .
the last example for which i now have the time to show it today is a very special example for which we have recently developed , and in which we have recently developed as a sound , like the sound , the bass and the drums .
each one has four different variations , one can choose which to use .
and you can put these sounds into the sequence , which you can , in other words , can be ordered into any pattern you want .
and they are fed by simply , by simply to hold a ... a ... a ...
there are the effects that can be changed live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone , and then you set it to set .
and then even greater effects such as speed and volume , which you apply to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we will begin by , we will begin by , we , in which we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
now i add a bass .
now i 'm going to do some more drums
and now i connect the filter with the drums , so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by moving the pace in one direction or another .
and now , i now connect the filter to the bass , for a little more expression .
i can change the sequence as it goes .
i will not have to plan it , not in advance , but i can improvise , prolong or shorten it .
and in closing , i can block out the entire sequence by leaning the left side of the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to create new , new , which better fit with how our brains and bodies work .
and today i have had the time to show you a part of this new , and some of the opportunities of what we work in our lab .
the thought that i would give to you on the way , is that we are on the threshold of this new generation , from this new generation , to interact with digital media , to bring information into our world that is what we need .
thank you
i look forward to talking to you all !
hello
i 'm glad i 'm here
yeah , well , what is it ?
i have to give up a little , a little , a little , a little , a little , you know , i have to , you know , i have to , you know , i have to , you know ,
i have been studying molecular biology and i have been studying molecular biology for a few years now i have been studying and i have started because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , what i , in study i learned in theory
that was my primary motivation .
well , it was a curiosity , and i was kind of trying to get closer to the matter .
i think that , in general , in the biology of biology in general now , in general speaking , biotechnology , all that matters is synthetic biology and so on ,
what is important is that now is important , and more , more , more , more , more important in the future .
there 's so much controversial stuff like all these genetically engineered plants on top of the mountain .
there are now craig venter in the oil fields , trying to make the fuel from the algae .
among other things , there are things that have arrived in everyday life , which most people are not aware of , for example , of those who allow us to do laundry with 40 degrees , are also genetically engineered .
and the list can go on forever .
and so , out of the interest in this , in this , in this technology , i went further and further .
why hack now ?
most people know that most people know that from the people who live in the
computer hacking computers , and then in the media , it 's like , you know , the hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
it 's kind of sad , it 's sad , it 's not that it doesn 't matter what it did , what it did , what it did , what it was , what it was .
in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the internet , the internet , the internet , the internet ,
and it 's about , in a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and it 's just that it 's just , it 's with software , but there 's also in the , you know , there 's a whole , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , like ,
but it is also a code , it is also a code , it can also be programmed , it can also be hacked , and i , i find it , i find it incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get into it much deeper .
in fact , it only took two thousand eight really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , these networks .
there there is , there is , dot dot dot dot , that is , originally from switzerland , that is , europe , and with a cooperation in india , a network that has now members or active people all over the world .
but it 's what it 's all about is to find such an easy , easy access , to have such an easy , easy way to handle .
and then there will be dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot , dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
this is a network , a network , which is actually more of a sort of a forum where you meet and talk online .
they are a bit more technical , and they are a bit more technical , and they are also a bit more , and they ask questions in applied .
and now , based on these networks that have made it all popular , this is the kind of scene that i would like to paint for a moment .
here , on the left , on the left , on the top , on the left , on the left , on the left , on the top , on the left , you see , it 's a school , it 's kind of a private school ,
kids , old , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab , and they look at what can you do when they look at these ,
there is a group down here on the left down here on the left , in indonesia , which is called , it has been there for a long time .
longer than these other two networks .
they are also , in such an artistic aspect , with biological materials and , yes , and , yes , also , and combine them in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
and i , upstairs , in the other picture , i have a lecture in copenhagen , in copenhagen , at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the subject .
and that is , yes , that is , that is , most of these are young people , but the only thing that unites you all is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it , and what you can do with it , and so , so , what do you know , what do you want to do with it , are you interested in getting into it ?
so , okay , so , to hack biology now , you need some kind of material .
of course , you need biological materials , but you also need tools and this is a laboratory .
or , what you normally understand under a laboratory , these are , like , really , really , very expensive , extremely , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and our approach was just to say , okay , you don 't have to do that .
it is not necessary , it is not necessary , because each of each and every one of the most advanced technology is actually more advanced technology than most of the other .
and " s " o " , with this " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " s " , the " s " , the " s " and " s " the " s " s "
so anyone who has ever had a soup that he has left for too long has done it before
i then i tried to expand it in my lab at home , and then i just bought , like , a little bit of , you know , a little bit of , you know , you know , you know , you know , in my lab , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , like , this , this , this is , this is , like , like , like , like , like , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
and , yes , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is ,
and then it was that we , who are we , who are we , what do we , what do we , what do we want to say ?
and what are what are our values and what are our , what is our , what is our , what is our , what is our
and then we worked out this , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , a ...
that was rather intuitive , so everyone has simply expressed their wishes , their and what moves them , then .
there , in my opinion , was a very good code .
and then we have it , it is not , it is not , but it is , i think it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , that people are pretty well ,
and then we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but it didn 't , somehow it didn 't .
so i think that we , from the we of the , we , from the , in that way , are one step further than the academic world .
what projects are we doing ?
a project that i did with my own , in switzerland , i was that we were trying to create a trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we then we , we , we , we , we , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and i 'm sorry it didn 't work , but we still learned a lot .
some other project , from the french group in paris , it worked , it 's pretty cool .
and he 's got this , you know , he 's , like , this kind of , you know , kind of , you know , kind of , you know , kind of like , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
he then he made this this this this helmet , and in working with the museum , it worked .
then the visitors could enter the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then their brain waves were measured by their brain waves , and depending on what they thought or what they thought , they then turned on different lights in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states , which is also to do with this , this is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is the , is
so it is about , to copy genes , to replicate genes , to reproduce , and to make them visible .
and the machines that do such things , they are very expensive , which you buy in commercial , and the cheapest , they go at 4,000 euros .
and it 's not in the , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
so this is just an application of a number of people to do with it .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but in any case , it is now it is still not cheap , but it is definitely in a frame , where it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , in a frame that it is ,
so , in my opinion , it is a very successful hack .
a project that i started the other day was to build a ...
it 's , like , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a ... like , like , like , like , like , a ... like , like , a , a , a , a , like , like , like , a , a , like , like , like , a , like , like , like , like , a
you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , and then you put them into this .
you see , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , you see , it didn 't work .
but this is my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my
and then i took a , i took a , i took a , i hooked it up .
when you fill it full of water , you put enough pressure on it , so i think about 40 or 40 or 40 or 40 or 40 or 40 or so .
and with that , you can speed up the particles strong enough and then they go in into the onion
and the commercial , the commercial , it cost about , like , 5 ' 5 " up , or something like that .
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it is , in principle , possible .
so , and that , at this moment , is also the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
because , as i said in the beginning , it is an extremely important technology , and most people have a relatively little bit of knowledge about it , and no chance of really becoming good at it .
because if you only read about it , only from reading about it , it 's not the same as when you did it or saw it yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more and more important in our modern society .
and if , as a citizen , if you , as a citizen , you can make , make , make , make , make , make , make , make , make , and make , in the society , and you have to have the knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it to do it and to understand it .
and then the , and the , and then the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
it is that , as a citizen , you are to be put in a position to deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is this , this is the ... this is the ...
these are the people who have at least officially registered on the website ,
that 's a fairly substantial number of people around the world .
and what is also interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
i think there are fewer people in there than actually exist .
i know of some who have not signed up .
and now these are just the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in part , with these , with these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
and this is in the beginning .
as i was saying , it 's only just beginning .
and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and this has now become a huge network of very , very good , and , yes , a network that has been represented all over the world .
and we , of course , we hope , that we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , and we will , we will , we will , and we will , of course , we hope , that we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , we will , and we will , we will , we will , we will , we will
and i would invite anyone once , to deal with it , and to try something for themselves .
it 's not so simple now , but it 's not impossible , if you have enough curiosity to put enough energy into it , you can go far .
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
hello .
how do we people work ?
it is a question that i am very moved as a fashion designer , but also in the area of the , uh ,
it 's about how you meet people in the media , so that they can use this , you can use this , you can use it to create a most stimulating experience .
because i believe that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this is very , very amazing , because you actually believe that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
what are they now ?
i once wrote down , i once wrote down four , and i would like to explain .
in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we are , in these are the model , we have , in principle , a natural relationship with the
that sounds , in principle , unusual .
i will , but i will go back to that , and i will , by trying to prove to you , that you , too , have a natural relationship with the
the second aspect is that since we have been able to speak in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and the third area , which , in fact , explains itself .
we all know that the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the fourth point is that for us , history is a place for us , a place for us to be .
what 's it like now , the one with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i would like to prove it to you .
how many doors have the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer it to me on the spur of the moment , but this is what will happen and is happening right now .
you walk through in spirit through this house in which you live in and look at how many doors are there
and that 's exactly what they do .
the reality of reality , without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and then we try to make the most of the , the reality of the reality of the reality of the reality in our , the reality of the , we can do it all the time
and these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these
they had no books .
or maybe they didn 't have any .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in this head , the memory of the memory was in that head .
in this head , knowledge , and with the use of these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge has been passed on .
and that is why it is so deeply rooted in us that we can so well deal with the
the interesting thing about it is , if i could take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , at the same time , at the same time , man was also a medium and medium .
now , if you think a little more .
what are media today ?
then they will notice that there has been a change .
but i 'll come to say that again .
the most important tools of the trade has always been stories .
shaman , priest , priest , known as the priest , were specially hired to keep knowledge in stories .
and today , we , too , are very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
according to the author of the book , the author of the book of the " animal " , " jonathan " , according to the , " we are still ,
that means for a child , who , to reach it , who has spent most of his life with the reception of stories .
and now we think that our love for stories , our love for stories is that we , as a child , we sat on our parents ' laps
no , no , no , far from .
it goes much further back , in the cultures of the times in which the times have changed .
but to me , in the area of the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more .
i have brought you an example from the north of the north american tribe of the north .
and the lives of the lives of the people of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and they did this with what they call " the " " the " the " .
you know , you might even know that , if you 're a little interested in that , you know , from the australian .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have a , they don 't have a , they used the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
and what the most interesting thing about it is that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
although the language was subject to a language that was , in fact , the language that was , of the rank of man .
it means that you can hear the sounds and the rhythm .
and these sounds and these sounds and this rhythm , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
why don 't we sing no more to come from the top from a to b ?
at least not to navigate .
what happened ?
what has happened is that it is the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we moved before we were in the what we called the " the "
what happened happened happened was the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
this is what has happened , that we have the responsibility for our memories and our own , the production of our individual memories and our own , which we have now moved to external media
the book and the picture .
thus , we , alas , have , we , god , we have lost a bit of our way , to be a little more .
we have become strangers to us , and has nothing to do with reality .
from the to from the to the to to the to to the to to the .
what is it that our thoughts , our thoughts , our memories ?
then these are the most powerful influences by the ancient cultures .
and they will be more and more , over the centuries , more and more have been signed over by the influences of the new world .
so , instead of remembering , we have , in the individual , we have , in the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
we no longer produce ourselves .
we have an abstract language in an abstract .
we can no longer imagine things in pictures we no longer think of things in pictures of things in pictures , but we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , our , our , our language .
we used to get used to things happening linear .
and we have accepted the laws , and there are only exceptions , such as , for example , the ,
what we have left is what is left of us , is what is the most .
we are still , we are , we are , and we are , we are , we are , and we are , we are , and we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , the
the question is , what now ?
we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we are now , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
it sounds very , very , very , very , very , very like science fiction , i know .
but these , the concepts of the , the concepts of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it 's about , it 's about , it 's about , it 's about , it 's about , it 's about ,
let me explain this for a moment .
there are technical concepts such as , like , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , uh , the , you know , the , the , you know , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
as crazy as it may seem , in the context of my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my .
and others , a different example are the most intelligent , intelligent systems .
these are the rooms that are intelligent and intelligent and capable of a man .
all that all it takes is the ability to accept our fundamental ability ... to accept more ... more ... more ... than a real living .
i have , i have , and i hope the video works , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and the two are here today .
maybe you can get up for a moment so they can have a chat with the two of them about the project at recess .
and i have brought this project , as an example of how to be addressed again by this ...
this is a game , i must say .
which , of course , is , of course , extremely , and it is a computer game .
and when i say " computer game " , you are very likely to see that there are people in front of any of the consoles or that they are playing with the one with a console in hand .
in any case , you do that in there .
this is a game for outside .
and this is what i was meant to discover the outside world , to discover the real world again
and this is a game that connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce to the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so much short .
you can explain it , you can explain it even better
the point is that i am discovering a city by seeing which places the positive or negative has been tweeted .
and so i , from this city , i , from this city , i see a very different , a different , a different , a different , a different , a different , different , different , different , different , different , from a very real city
let 's have a look .
ah , what you can see here , i 'm sorry , is a little more of what you are about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i am very happy to be with you
i have just i have been asked if this bastard is a talking sack and will speak to me instead .
he won 't .
i 'm also about to dissolve what 's in there
but so far i 'm still a little curious .
yes , children are naturally curious , or should be curious , or should be curious , designer , too .
i , i , i , i , i , i , of course , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it 's a whole series of things that you use when you 're in the opposite of what you 're in , you 're a ...
when the professors get curious , they often get to be in some sort of a sort .
and this is what i 've had in the last six months .
it 's a " natural " reference to the " natural "
now you ask yourself , why do all of the world 's people start to deal with the natural , the natural , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and then i think only one of these little devices up , because things are always to be more and more , more natural , more natural , more natural , and you just have to look , what is natural to us people , of course , what is natural or intuitive
so i 've been so preoccupied with , when is what is natural , or is it , or is it intuitive ?
you might have to take another look at it .
why is this happening ?
now , when we look at the development of our society , we are , we are now , from the third , to the fourth , or the fourth , or the fourth .
so , from the modern , to the modern to the
every society is formed by a , by a , by a , by a , by a , by a , by a .
at the beginning , in the beginning , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
it means that you have found yourself , by speaking a common language , you can communicate with each other , have moved into the same cave , or in other areas , have formed cities , or towns , or the villages , and have created a sort of
but the language was the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn to learn , so no child can speak from nature , but we learn to speak it , and , of course , it is .
it was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of the abstraction .
it was a , it was a , it was then , because , of course , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but then , in the then , he was the one who took this writing as a " a "
then came the next generation , in which we , today , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we now , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
this is the print print and print printed print with gutenberg and others .
in those days , it was also an insult , when the nobility , the clergy , the clergy and the people , when the people start to read , they want to speak , and it is , of course , it is totally fatal .
it , of course , totally , totally gets us all confused , because on one side we see the new media ,
and these two two worlds , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are ,
the most exciting thing about it is that when you look at this , this new society , this new society , this , this , the , uh , the , uh , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
but now not at the local level , but on a global level .
we understand that the weather is global .
that the theme of ecology is a global .
not if i think it 's better if i think it 's better to think it 's better to think it 's better to think it 's better to think it 's better to think it 's better .
it is said that from the local village , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
just as you knew in the village , who was with whom and when , it is now , these days , it is now , by this , a mobile ,
let it be that we know that we , know that we , know that we , know that we , know that we , know that we , that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
just as it used to happen in the village .
i was in my mind , i was in my mind to look , what is it , what is it , what is it , what is it that we have forgotten , what is it that we have to see , what is it is , what is , what is , what is , what is it is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is
because people often come , they can 't do it , they can do it , so that everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , what does that , and not only does it change that it is different , but it should be better .
you are then you , even in the study , you are busy with the subject of perception and perception and the , you know .
and , of course , this is something where you start and you start and you look and say , okay , now i just look into the inside .
what 's it look like in there ?
so how do we work when we look inside ?
and what is , of course , what is , of course , intuitive , and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive processing work ?
because steve jobs once said that you need to dig to understand how it works
so you really have to look in detail , if i want to do something more or more or more or more intuitive , what does that mean in the core ?
and to see how , how do we process information , how do we take information ?
what is information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of people use the word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i need to understand at the core , to understand in nature , when information , when information , when information , information , information , information , and information , to know , to know how to make things , to be , to be , to be , to be , to be , to know , to be , to be , to be , to be , to know , to know , to be , to be , to be , to be , to know , to be , to know , to
and , of course , how , of course , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how , how ,
so much more natural , more natural in a jar , but i can see directly where is salt and pepper .
and when i say to someone , give me some salt or pepper , and when i tell you to give me some salt and pepper , he will think to the right .
and with the left hand , i , with the intuitive , and then i hope , that there is no sugar in it , that the salt is just as well .
but even our own perception of our own , how does she deceive us ?
for example , this perception in context .
the right circle is bigger than the little one , even though it is not , but they are the same as they are the same , and yet our perception changes the way we put things
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
i think it should still work .
my glasses are my glasses
it 's a circle .
a second circle is already beginning to , in a way , a certain likeness of the , or , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
it is what is known as a " a " or " a " or " a " a " , which is what is called a " a " or " a " , " which is also , " which is also , "
it 's important for the , for the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the ,
often in the third , then forgotten again .
but it is an essential and important part , if you want to make things as well as can be as intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting is also the most interesting of the .
it sounds a bit trite , but it 's interesting , when you 're closer to it .
so we have eyes in front and now they think we look from front to back .
this is wrong .
you look from the back to the front .
you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
it means that we must first see our , before we see it , then we put it back in the back of the back in the back to say ,
i have this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
it will be there , it will come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust in the front , and says , " now , please look again , and make sure what you see is what you want to see
and then we go back to the back , and then we see it .
so , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
i don 't know who of you know this picture .
this is exactly what i just described .
now everyone from this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
does anyone see anything in particular ?
a dalmatian , right .
once i saw that , that there was a dalmatian in there , you know that .
you 'll never forget , because i 'll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
go on , now you always see him
i have now , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i have , i , i , i have , i have , i , i have , i , i , i have , i , i have , i have ,
and this is this projection of the brain , feedback , see .
now i know it , and now i 'm pointing forward that i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
it 's not , it 's not , it 's not , it 's not , it 's not , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
it 's always interesting to know as a designer
when i know , it takes me three seconds to , from the present to , to the , to the , to , i can also , i can do a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
he has to deal with it as a present .
and then it goes into the past , and so i can , in a very elegant way , wait on the computer , when i know this phenomenon .
what does it take 25 milliseconds ?
yes , milliseconds .
it 's also a fascinating phenomenon .
this is the time you fall in love .
that means , if you know that now , be careful who you look at for for how long , because i do not accept a weapon for what can happen .
and sixteen , and sixteen , and sixteen , and a most fascinating phenomenon .
this is the period of the time period of most of our perceptions we have .
it means that this first impression happens at a rapid speed speed , as we perceive things .
and as we also see things , what we look for , and how we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
of course , of course , it is not only that the , not only are the subjects not only are the subject of sensory and sensory and sensory sensory , but primarily , of course , it is the subject of the
so , how does a man , with certain things , deal with things according to .
there once there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there .
there are places where i know exactly where i must reach
but there is also also a symbolic function , why does someone for such a small purse , where nothing can fit , such a rich hum of money , even though it is not so convenient ?
we are more like the symbolic of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
now , back to my main topic of natural , natural , and the subject , which , of course , is , of course , of course , is the , uh ...
how can i reach a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a certain , most effective , effective , efficient , and efficient , achieve a goal .
that 's more the norm .
how can i do anything i can do as i can to do anything as possible ?
i need a manual or i need a proper training .
and it is less , less , or less , or less , it is .
it is not that i , that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
you have to understand .
it is not , in this intuitive sense , is not , since apple , is it not , is it not , is it not , is it not , is it not , it is not , that since apple , is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
why ?
because , usually , by this new type of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
you have to imagine that if you do something of the classical , it will take you five hours , and with this new nature of the natural software only an hour .
it does not mean that it is not that that you may go home for more than four hours more , but your employer , or anyone else , will think of how he will keep you with the four hours .
but what i want to say is that , of course , it is , of course , that it is , of course , for us to do certain things .
then , when we go back to the software , the first command line , the , the , uh , that was very , very , very , very , very , very abstract , where it took us months to deal with these systems .
and then the next , who , by now , who , with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic codes , but a metaphor .
it has done a lot of things , but it is , of course , even better .
the next generation of the world , the next generation of the world , is now much more , more , more , more , more .
so there i , as a , i , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
it 's also a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
that i , suddenly , suddenly , that i , that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and if i then one more step into this natural , that i , by voice , by speech , by touch , by touch , by touch , by touch and not by a mouse , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i am even faster and even more
but that also brings me back to the point where , from when will things become more ,
when they become more and then i have to try again my little friend here , and look , what does that , from the point of view of the world , when is something really , really intuitive now ?
and that , for us people , is always a little intuitive when i have to think as little as possible .
so , apparently , he does not like to think , but to make it easy .
the less i think about it , the less i think about it , the more it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
it means that when we see that we , in the existing , can , can , from one to another , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it means i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i , i can , i , i , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i can , i
of course , of course , the question is , what is the most , the most , most of us , and now i have already betrayed it .
this is what is called the " the " .
each one of us uses it , and it is an acronym and is an acronym for direction , direction , information ,
that 's what every one of them does all the time , but he does it unconsciously , and , in a way , intuitive , or , in part , instinctively .
the model is already in the womb , and it is , it works in the world , young and old , and is used by us all the time , and most of us have not yet known that this model is present .
we have , like , 50 or 50 times , we have , in sleep , we have found that in sleep it will be less often , more often , more often than not .
i can now , i can now , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and by this nature of the transference , similar to the metaphor of the , but now , not a metaphor of a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
and this is on a higher , higher , the higher , the higher , the higher , the higher , the higher , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the
then i can transfer the whole .
i 'm going to try it from a ...
everyone has already eaten cake .
now , i , i , like , now , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , like , i , i , like , i , like , like , i , i , like , like , like , like , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , like , like , like , like , like ,
i get all the overview , i can now filter the filter and can say , just show me all the chocolate , for example .
and suddenly i have an interface , which is much more , much more , much more , much more natural .
i want to help you to a certain aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot learn .
that is why all those who are here and are curious are , in fact , people who have a quality you cannot learn .
i am now about to , in fact , that this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
and there 's a central point .
and it hang on to phosphorus .
give pee a chance
every day they give and every day they give , they give , like , two ounces of phosphorus , and every day , they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can have no teeth .
they can 't save power .
you can 't have bones .
we could only , as the , as the , as the , as the , as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in fact , if we don 't put any phosphorus in and give in .
it is , it is , it is , in fact , that we are here to deal with something that is , but is not .
they all talk about energy , but no one talks about the energy of the world .
it 's much more critical to the pressure .
we hang from two countries
we only have two years of phosphorous for two years , and now , by the time of the war , more uranium is brought into the environment around the world , more than is used in all .
in the last 20 years alone , in the last 20 years , there have been many thousands of tons of uranium in our fields in germany .
and we 'll take it all .
it makes leukemia for children .
and we think we would protect the environment if we are a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , not the energy .
this is no protection .
it 's like if i say , protect your child , strike it three times instead of five
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from the cradle to the stretcher from the cradle to the tomb , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later
to think from the cradle to the cradle to the cradle
and the most important thing is to look at the ground at the first .
in the floor there is over 60 % of the total .
right now , we are now building the corn , and we , between 11 and 30 pounds , 30 tons and 30 tons , 30 tons per acre , or at the square foot of the square .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than is being newly formed .
of course , we can , of course , we can , we can , of course , we can , we can , we can , uh , we can , we can , uh , we can , we can , we can , uh , we can , we can ,
and everything is the packaging or the contents .
for example , in the ' 50s , in the ' 50s , in the ' 50s , in the ' 50s , there are 20 % of the ' 50s .
and because we get older , it makes the diapers grow bigger .
they are , they are , they are all , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are all in the
yes ?
a baby needs , like , a baby , a baby needs , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , a , like , a , a , like , a , a , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a baby , a baby , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , a
we could , of course , reduce it by ten percent , but what does it matter ?
that will be settled in china in one second .
it 's completely irrelevant .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here is the proof that men are not pigs
let me tell you .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs by the pigs over the solid pieces of excrement .
with the people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs with that .
because that 's what it 's got , right ?
we , in the traditional traditional we think , we are in the world we are too many
and if the people who , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , to people , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , if you , you
and so says someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there is nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in israel they say that if you save a man 's life you save the earth .
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on the earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could also get termites , but in the united states , no one likes termites so far , even though they are vegetarians .
it means that the ants weigh more than us
and because , because they work , physically , much harder than us , and because they only live three to six months , they are , in their weight , in power consumption , 30 billion people .
we are not too many , we are too stupid
you can only be as if you don 't exist .
the only chance .
have you ever seen a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
yes ?
one ?
that means that all our intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than trees .
yes ?
not a tree is a tree is a tree .
fortunately , no , no .
there is no , there is no .
there alone in the amazon , there are still 600 , 600 billion trees .
have you ever heard of any of these ?
it means that all our intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than trees
and where you can see , even in a , like a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorus , which should have to go back to the .
we are too many .
alone above .
it means that we feel so guilty on the earth that we say that there is no , there is no , there is no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
isn 't that sad ?
we are too many .
i 'm sure it would make sense to be less harmful to the cause of the , uh ...
but where are we useful ?
we are trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it is to have a large footprint that is useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it is best not to be there
- yes ?
you can only have your own , if you are not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they would have emissions .
you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we , in brazil , we are farming in the from where we will reclaim the nutrients .
we can , in this way , we can , in this way , get the nutrients back in agriculture .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the waste of it .
in china , in china , a chamber pot in a chamber pot in china is now called a chamber pot in which to , so to speak .
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our food .
it means that the whole of the western , the whole western world , the whole of the western world , is that the city has always taken , but never returned to the peasants .
and so the cities had to grow more and more , because the farmers went to the cities , and the cities had to go to the towns , and the towns had to take their nutrients away .
so all the western and western empires are always expanding until they can no longer manage and then they implode .
yes ?
china was different .
they have managed over five thousand years of civilization , for they have been able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , even today , when you are invited to dinner in china , you are expected to stay until you go to the toilet .
because it is rude to leave and to take the nutrients .
she was invited to dinner , she was invited to dinner , not to go to dinner .
it means you can see on the internet how you can get the nutrients back .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate in the slums goes back over 90 % .
so we don 't have to control the people , to be as little bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
it is , of course , it is , but , of course , it is , it is , it is , it is .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are so designed by the design by the design that a peasant could simply farm them .
that means that it will bring back the , uh ...
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the past 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily just throw in a pint of it and then it would be ruined for years .
it 's not happening .
it means that we do not have to control the people , to be as little bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we must return the phosphorus .
and , by the way , if you want to do something , write down , in germany , the best in germany is the best in the best of all .
i 'm sorry , i can 't , but i thought maybe you could help the people who have a little help .
because the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and he must return .
we also see that , that phosphorus is really critical .
and we can see that it will succeed .
we , in holland , we have now fought for over three years .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world , which , by the way , will be the first country in the world .
but we need the total .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's population .
there 's the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
that is 26 , 26 , 26 , 26 , that control 40 % of the population control .
and we will replace the oil and the oil we will replace it with the other .
but you cannot replace the phosphorus .
it 's not about making things a little less bad , it 's about doing something right .
and is , above all , to ask what is the right thing .
it means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it is easier to understand in holland because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
yes ?
imagine , if , for example , your wife , your wife , is sad , when you were angry with her and you come with fifty roses
completely inefficient .
but very , very , very effective .
or have a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six , five , six , three pounds during her life .
in .
that is not scientifically accurate , because we don 't know how much more is there .
but a lipstick , even with these lights , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but it is very , very , very effective .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient
that 's why it 's not so , it 's not so much , it 's just that it 's so ...
to ask , what is the right ?
not , not to burn it a little better , to burn it a little better to burn it , and in the incinerator , to lose all the materials for the , but first to ask , how do you close the
imagine mozart .
yes ?
if i invite her over for dinner and say , yes , there is a pill with a glass of water and a glass of water .
beautiful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient
if you fall in love with someone efficient ?
yes ?
it means that all that matters in life is not to save , to avoid , to avoid , to reduce .
it 's all the ...
we say to the people , oh yes , you do not have , you do not have , in the south .
no , throwing it away is just the right thing , right ?
in every place where you throw away away , from , yes , you can put it back again .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have the wrong things , you have the wrong things .
in as we think from the north .
there every footprint there is prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every foot print will destroy the ground .
because the ground , the moose will die , and the the wind and the water will wash away .
but when they are in italy , each footprint means that the water stays in the grass .
so , the point is to create a big , big , huge footprint that will become a ...
don 't look .
in germany we say sustainability in germany
yes ?
but when i ask you , how are you with your wife ?
what do they say ?
sustainable .
then i say i 'm sorry for your loss .
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , give up , avoid .
every garbage is a nutrient .
and it is a pleasure to see , in italy , when in italy , when the people in the high , the people in the high bow , they throw out a , like , out of the car .
because , you know , this is a very , very , very , very , very .
it 's a form of a ...
you can show , i was there
but with the right design , please .
we , for example , have developed a , we have developed a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
they can throw them away where they go and stand
in two hours , she 'll be building everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare and rare plants , so that by throwing it away , it will contribute to the .
that means we are useful , no less harmful .
so , there are two sets of two .
not everything is , of course , not everything is , of course , not everything is .
a tv or a washing machine , you use it , you don 't use it .
just the things , the things , the things , the things , like the , like , the , like , the , like , car tires , they have to be so they go into biological systems .
the things that are only used are in technical systems .
but today we only talk about biological systems .
yes ?
like the sneakers ?
it 's very direct advertising , not for the , not for the company of puma , but for you to help this company to make these products successful .
because we not we do not we we do not make things free
yes ?
so , if i invite you to dinner and say that it is free of chicken , it will help you nothing .
no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
affirmative .
it 's not like it 's not like it 's like it 's not like it 's like it 's not like it 's like it 's not like it 's like , it 's not like it 's like ,
it 's not poisonous .
but everything in it is useful .
these are the first the first shoes you can use to put on the top of the top of the world , and the rubber can go into the organic ,
all of which is , is , is , is , is .
and if we succeed , we will , of course , we will , for the , for the , for the , for the , for the , for the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this is half of all the world 's most , most of the world 's , which is caused by the , uh , the , uh ...
that 's why you help with that , ask the people .
hey , cougar , are you really serious ?
because they 've changed the chairman of the board twice now .
and i 'm not so sure if you really want to stay .
so help me with this .
but it works .
yeah .
the one that has just been portrayed .
it works .
we can now make things so that if they , when they break , they , when they break , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can , they can ,
it 's the same with technical and technical .
there is a direct , direct , direct , direct , direct ...
this is the first ecological bag , which , in fact , is to go back into circulation .
you can get things back in any store .
if that 's what you think .
do you remember the diaper ?
if right now , it 's garbage .
there are these diapers everywhere .
in the countries where people make money .
up there , on the back , on the back of the back , but in the countryside , in the countryside .
yes ?
only if you take this , take this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
with that the baby is the baby , the whole life , from the start .
well , we don 't have to be , we can be , we can be , we can be .
it 's sort of a , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
yeah , sort of .
yes ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
in the meantime , a lot of people are working there , and they can all get involved .
there 's a special special special special special special , a special , a special , a special , a special , a special , that everyone can participate in .
so no more saving , no more saving , no more , no less , no more saving , no more saving , no more saving , no more , no less , no less , no less , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the chief of staff .
music as language .
it is written in the description of my speech , that i , as a translator , as a translator , in the english .
" a " a " is a "
even from the german to the english to the english , the more knowledge , the more knowledge , the more , when it comes to poetry or poetry .
but it is a stranger to what we musicians do with our music .
in the first , i , as a master 's , i only have the written notes .
i suppose you think that the composer in the notes , he has the everything he has thought of .
in reality , the notes are vague and vague .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate , as a verbal , or , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
for in this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it means that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
today , today i would like to translate to you what i otherwise translate to you in the musical , so interpret , in a verbal language .
so practically a translation of the translation .
so i would prefer to do it in german , for if i had to translate it into english again , it would be for me to translate the translation .
so the music , the music works for me , like the spoken language .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so it is not enough to learn only to read only the notes , and to also the the keys on the piano , or the right place to press the right place on the right .
it would only be the letters you have learned to paint .
you don 't know the meaning of the letters until you know the language .
thus , for the learning of the music it takes as long as for the spoken language .
there is also , there is also , there is , if you can learn it for you , for you to learn it , for you to understand it , or you can speak freely , and you can speak freely to the music
the work of the " the " the " is the work of the " the " is the work of a " the "
after first you have chosen to play a play , because you are so excited , you must first begin to study after the first of the first , the first of the first ,
they are gathering information about the piece in the ... in the ... in the ...
you read in the letters , in the letters , in the journals , in the notes , or if there are words , thoughts of the man himself .
you are to study the art he wrote , and he wrote , and then he wrote it .
you make comparisons .
the reason to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like the circumstances of society and politics ?
i 'm interested in all this .
you think yourself into this time , to look at , for example , contemporary pictures and literature .
but in time , in times , you , as a man , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you
the composer is becoming more and more a friend to live with
his desire to write the play is more and more and more becoming my personal business to play it .
and now , as the notes of the music , the music of the music , the music of the music , the music of the music , the music of the music , the music of the music , the music of the music ,
i will then say in my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing a game of music , which could mean what those sounds could mean .
now for me and for me and for the composer then and now what you could now mean for him today
every sound , every phrase , every phrase , it makes sense , because i feel it myself , because from my now , it is from my own , it is from my own personal ,
it must be for me in here and now for me , or else i cannot persuade my audience to agree that this is my business
it is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
how a happy , happy new day , a happy new day , when always with the same rituals of life , rise up , have breakfast , go to work , and i , too , will see the same again and again
i have grown a day , a day older , change the seasons change , my heart rate goes slower in the evening and in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for the sound to come back than at home
i take the breath of the audience , conscious or unconscious .
all of this affects me , and all of this , it also affects my experience with the composition .
it is also wonderful that when i stand on the stage with a ... i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
then the same thing happens as in a good , old-fashioned conversation .
you bring in a new idea , and immediately it is answered with a reaction .
it is exciting , because then things that we have not rehearsed and things that we can not do .
it is a great pleasure to make music in this way , and as the audience , you , as the audience , have seen how the music can communicate alive
every concert is a different concert
i will never , ever , ever again , play as in this moment .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years
i will have more life experience than i have now , and i will , therefore , on my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
of course , i will then i will have kicked out a few of the other , but i will also have to have some of the new
got a nice , concrete example .
it was at a school concert at my beloved 's old teacher , professor jrgen , professor , professor , professor , professor , professor of music , concert pianist , music teacher at the conservatory , professor here in stuttgart
unfortunately , i was too young , i was too young , so that he was even more young when i began to study .
but i had the good fortune that i had to meet him very early , at age 13 , at age 13 and so i went to school in his classes .
i was seventeen then , when i was once again in one of his classes , i was once again in one of his classes , and i played the last of the four ballads of chopin ,
he asked me what was the introduction of this ballad ?
it 's such a ... it 's such a ... it 's such a ...
and in my , in my , i said , in my , i said , in anticipation .
he said , " so ?
that must be the age difference .
for to me it is a memory .
he was already over 60 .
when you 're seventeen , you have dreams , but you have no great memories .
i will play the play again every few years , and it has changed for me , though not a single note has changed
every time , it 's always exciting , because i keep reading something new .
it is an example from a completely different area of the colour of the colour of the colour of the colour of the colour .
it is always the same garden , but at the different time of day , at the light of day .
he has translated the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' , ' as he has seen them , ' as they , ' they , ' as they were now ,
his personal and personal and personal and personal effects of the .
the more the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more ,
by now , i am now older than chopin , at age 32 when he wrote the play .
he 's only lived for 1 0 years
and it is important to me to look into the notes again and again , even if i think i know them by heart .
to hold a steady , straight with the composer .
because the notes are the only link directly to him .
especially since he has already died .
well , how do you begin to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as it takes for the spoken language .
music , music , music , music , music , music , music .
you can practically learn to read before you speak one word .
you learn to find the notes to the notes on the instrument
then when all the fingers in time and right as it is in the notes , when all the fingers in time , when they move , the sound , together , is like music .
if this is done without fail , the student will be able to perform the play .
there is not much to be said about interpretation in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
all right , then it 's in the front , and it says , " presto , it 's a quick one .

loud and loud and clear , f , and b , et cetera .
most people here know that .
but even if you follow this , it is still only a technical .
and yet there is still no interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder how many times you forget to forget something you forget .
that , to make music on the instrument , to make music , to do the music of your own music and to feel that it should be there before
the singing .
a child who has not learned not to sing , because the parents did not pretend , it will not do it .
it 's just like being in a movie .
it is necessary to have his own experiences and the idea of the music , and then to do it over another possibility , so , about an instrument of sound .
people who have never sung , who have never felt with their own body as it is to form a sound
to form a phrase with his own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body
to our vocal chords to sing our hands and feet to dance
and so , the in the piano , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the melody comes from the sound of the song and the rhythm of the dance
it 's not a good thing to be a good person .
you don 't have to make music when you get bored
no need to whistle or sing a song
every one of your own music will be smashed to death if you can 't keep playing music from the outside
sure , there are some among you who say yes , but what do you do if i can not sing ?
i ask , can you not sing , a because you think you can not sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
in both it is not too late to start , to find out if they can , or learn how to use these little muscles , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
you can train that .
or c , because you have been given a clean bill that you are unfit .
then i ask , how was this diagnosis , how was it ?
have you ever , have you , have you , have you , have you , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
or d d , they don 't like music and they don 't want anything to do with it
what i would then i would regret , because music is a beautiful , beautiful , beautiful thing .
maybe you can change your mind
well , you see , no one has to be a lost candidate
don 't tell me i don 't know anything about classical music
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad
i 'll answer that , but you can tell if you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone says i don 't know if i like because i can 't cook
you don 't give up food because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up on classical music because you don 't play an instrument
listen carefully and tell if you like it or not
whether the music is too steep or too sweet
say what you feel .
and in time , they will also have their demands , and they want to add a little more spice to it , or taste even a fine difference .
why do i now ask from my audience that it also actively listen ?
because the music is a language and a language is a language to communicate .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work
the food that was made by a cook , or a cook , or a cook , is to be eaten and not only watched , or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when music is played
she 's not just a nice , little , little , little , little , little ...
when in an environment where the adults , when they , when they , when they , when they , when they , when they , when they grow , they grow up , it 's easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower ?
can you play it to me in blue ?
and the child will play , after a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and this sounds very different from before .
this was then the very first beginning of the very beginning of a musical expression .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today , which was originally written 100 , 200 , 200 or 300 years ago ?
in the meantime , the instruments have changed .
at the time , there was no more bach 's as an instrument .
it just wasn 't invented .
i think that the stream would have been thrilled if it had had had the most popular in today 's modern pianos .
i , today i can , today i can , today i can , i can , i can , today i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , today , i can , i can , i can , i can , i , i , i , the , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
even beethoven , we know that he heard more than he had already gone deaf
today , a modern , modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra from the time of the year , has refused to play .
that is why the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so that they can be heard and heard , what they have but in their minds .
and what they would think in their minds today .
or what i have today , for what you might have thought .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a car .
and when i come , with my little v and my little me , and if i miss , that feeling will come .
something 's shooting through my head .
why do you need such a big car ?
it 's the first year it loses half its value
and anyway , you work much less than me .
why do i have to buy a car like this ?
and then suddenly i remember , it is unfair
it is against justice .
and as i say the word " justice , " this feeling is gone .
our organism has invented a great method to make such unpleasant feelings such as envy disappear .
you can also try it with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i would like to explain something to you with this mechanism today , or to you , something which is perhaps , unconsciously , familiar .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie , as you may have heard , when people say no one has the intention to build a wall
and then , and then , to make the stones , so that it can block their view .
in such a lie you can see that the liar himself cannot believe what he says .
it is easy to be also to know that he has something else in mind .
he 's only fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you fooling yourself .
you need this lie to maintain a lie to maintain a cover to maintain a level .
you can make it less easy , you can check it , or you can collapse it .
you need time .
from that time on , an anecdote that you may or may not know of .
the spanish painter , pablo picasso , who once had a wife , a woman ,
this woman , she then complained that the portrait would not look like her
picasso will answer , you wait .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
in this place , and when you laugh , you can see how important this lie is and how much time it takes for you to know what an artist can tell us
for artists have a troubled relationship with the lie .
the artist tells you , and especially to this lady , which she does not , when she just looks in the mirror .
the artist tells you in such a portrait , that you will not be trusted until you see this work of art again .
and then this unpleasant feeling goes away , it could not look anything like you , and it becomes more and more like you .
here you have this the mechanism that we use the lie as a great invention to boost the power of our power .
and not only in art , but in a folk tales , in a folk tale , in the mythology , in stories , it comes back .
do you know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who is the most beautiful in the country ?
one day , this mirror says , there is a more beautiful one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror can not lie , from this true information .
but we should we should just get to know that you can 't tell a woman that there is a better one somewhere else .
here , it is necessary to put what we , under the , what we , under the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , what we , under the , the , the , the , the , what we , what we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we must , in this place , this lie , this lie , that the deception that we cannot live without .
not only do we not only have in art , but in science , we have such great lies .
and there is this story about the wife of the bishop 's wife , the bishop 's wife .
she heard of this book of charles darwin , the birth of the species and the birth of man .
that man was to be a man from a monkey , and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between men and monkeys .
and then she ran to her husband , she ran to her husband and said that what charles was writing is not true
a man is to be born of a monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it is true , then we must not let people know .
why do we have to prevent people from learning of something when it is true ?
because we can 't live without these .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we must not let people know of things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism is slowly slowly ... and look like the marks that it leaves ... which will lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves i want to give you another story
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
one day she came home from school , she was a teacher and she told me about a student
he was a student who was a student .
she likes him especially because he has a taste for sincerity
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and because i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested in the things i do .
yes , you can feel it when you are in this place , when you are in this place .
i i have told my wife that if a man , in a moral justification a man should use his words , we should try to replace it with the words , though .
you do that once , and then you know the sentence .
even though i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested in the things i do .
you feel that the truth is the truth behind information .
he 's a little boy , he doesn 't care about what he wants .
he 's interested in the , uh ...
but there are no clubs that we can look for , where we learn how to make fire
there 's only the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he registered .
and besides , you don 't tell your teacher you don 't like to put fires in a place where you like to , when the fire starts later
no , it just looks so much better when we show that we are in charge of cleaning up the dangers that others can only do when they set fire
here you have this little mechanism .
and this note to note that in the heart the boy knew that he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
it is then simply the words we use in the language of the politically correct and politically correct .
actually , we know that something else is the case .
but we know that when we say it , the social conditions are very , very , very , very , very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that will work , to present such things .
i would now like to now present to you what we have found in my home .
by the logic of this , this , this , this , this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
to this , i would like to present to you two , perhaps three examples .
the first example , the first example , which many of you know , and some of you , some of you , some of you , most of you , do not need .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
" the soul is the spirit of the spirit , " says , " the spirit , "
and from this soul , you now think , that it , in this , in this , in this , in this , nature , in this , nature of nature , it is said , in the latin ,
and when he is , when he is , he is , he is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul
then he can run away .
this is the idea of how the soul works
so she is to come from the outside to the people .
so we are to perceive it as something that we must , that we must , that is , that we must , that is , that we must , that is , that is , that we must , that we , that we must , that we , that we , that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and when you see this , you understand the logic , with which we live this happiness , and by a lie you can make our world better
because now , you can use a ...
you remember you from high school .
this is now a , this is now a , this is a , this is a , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is a
that , by the way , is the hardest part of my lecture .
here you need a little logic , but also a willingness to lie .
to lie , to lie , to lie so that you can use that logic wrong .
there are three sets in this .
the first sentence is , klaus says there is no soul .
so the second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there is a third set .
i 've put him in a very special place .
it 's a third set , and it 's the first to show up to people who have a strong feeling for a soul
they say that if he who has no soul , he is dead and can say nothing
and here you feel it .
here comes the logic in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , in this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the
you see it immediately .
the first two sentences , which are , logically correct .
i can say anything .
logic makes no statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i am right , the chancellor is a man .
if i am not right , the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what is .
i can say anything .
but what matters is , if i am right , then it is .
so when klaus says there is no soul .
second , if he is right , he has no soul .
these things are logically correct .
and now , now , our conscious mind , immediately , we can make something .
it hangs on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and who acts as if the opposite of the first sentence has already been proven and provided .
in fact , we have to prove whether there is the soul or not
but with this logic , which it simply uses , that two sentences are , logically correct , and a third , who looks as if he had something to do with it , so we can save our lives
we pretend that it is impossible to live without a soul
and we are very happy .
we can carry on these things at different times .
in the present , we have a very modern example , which is always filling the ,
to this , you must remember a more of a philosophical issue , a philosophy of philosophy , a , a philosophy of life .
this has something to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there was a man who was a scholar named johannes johannes johannes johannes , and after that , was named the donkey of the donkey , the donkey of the great .
the donkey of the donkey is a donkey that is pure nature
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's like , this is , like , this is like , this , this is like , this is like , this , this is like , this , this is like , this , this is like , this , this , this is like ,
and if you place the exact one in the middle of the right between the two and the two and the , the , the , uh ...
because he doesn 't know what haystack to go to first
so he 's right in the middle .
this is how we are introduced to the special .
the forces of the most powerful , the more powerful , the more powerful .
nothing happens .
only when you bring another example , so if it makes a haystack bigger then he doesn 't need reason and nothing .
it automatically goes into the right mind .
if you have this idea that in nature , you are to be driven , to be driven , to be driven , by the great , the great , who put you on immediately they feel that there must be a free will
and while we are here in frankfurt , on the main in frankfurt , i remember the
there is a man who is known as wolf singer , and sometimes he is said that wolf singer , wolf singer , he says that there are no , there are no .
now we can go back to the second set and can say that if wolf singer is right , then he has no right .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can now read in the daily newspaper , you will find in this third sentence .
he who looks like he who who has not , can not be held responsible for his actions and his claims and claims , and he is , therefore , insane .
here you have it again .
in fact , you have to prove to me that there is such a thing as ...
but the logic of the deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence is wrong in the first , as if , of course , to accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can you , if you want to do something for yourself if you want to test something for yourself , and especially if you want to make people happy , you have to use that courage to lie
for example , if you ever meet a person who you can tell , there are no , there are no .
and please , do not use the german word for " the " , " the " is " prophet . "
you shouldn 't call that , it would be a bit politically incorrect .
tell them that there are no , there are no
now they will , who , of course , there are , who , of course , there are , you cannot prove .
and now you have a problem .
because while you are busy trying to make it clear that you can 't prove that there is no , there is no , the man is very happy .
he is very happy , because he deceived you
because he led them on to a trail where he could not stop himself .
in fact , this man is not interested in evidence .
all he is interested in is to keep himself free from the need to prove that there is no such thing .
so , in the way of the shifting of the burden of evidence you see the greatness of lies .
and once again , when you once again have such an opportunity to feel that you are with other people , you do it , for you will make others happy if you do not , in that way , do not remind them of your own
thank you for your attention .
hello
i asked lilly if i could mention her
she is one of the great , great , great , and she asked me if i was here to give a lecture and give my idea .
i have to tell you , you know , it was hard for me to talk about my idea .
and may i , may i , may i , may i , may i , may i , may , may i , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may i , may i , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may i , may , may , may , may i , may , may i present my , may i , may i , may i ,
but , of course , it is , of course , the sum total of many , many , many ideas .
and then i ended up in the middle of the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' in ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' i
then there was the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
they were called all the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
today they are called the
because a good engineer , he either made a great car or he built it .
but a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and in berlin , there was a crazy ,
i am grateful that he has again , that he has , that he has again , that he has again , that he has again , that he has not , that he has not , that he has not , that he has not , that he , that he has not , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he , that he ,
but it wasn 't like that in the years of the ' 70s .
there it was , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , in it , in it , in it , in it was in it , in it , in it , in it , in it was in it , in it , in it , in it , in it , in it , in it was , in it was in it was in it , in it , in it , in it , in it , in it
it was the place of the lake of fire , but it was called the sun 's and the sun 's , and i started in the ' 80s .
and , yes , many , many of what was said today i am deeply moved , because many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , i have i have
i worked in the collective for 11 years in the collective for 11 years .
we were twenty .
it deals with bullshit .
and then i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and i have brought you a project i would like you to meet
and the title of the chief of the department was , how to come a hundred and a hundred percent renewable .
and we , we have just started to ask , with a rather a rather a rather a story , to ask , where could a memory be , in a more useful memory ?
on this island , this is the island of the islands , on this island , on this island , on this island , on this island , it 's the island , on the island , on the islands , on the
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a half a thousand people live there .
today they have a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and the question is , why have they no more ?
it 's just ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ...
if they give more of each other , the system starts to fail .
that 's what i always tell that to the politicians when they come to visit our home in the country
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany
can 't be a problem .
but that 's not true , we have 7 % in europe , we have 7 % in europe , and our net is physically the european .
if we had 20 % in europe we would have the same problems the people on this island have .
the question was simple , if it was , if it was , if the first contacts the island started , just do the math .
how big would it have to be such a battery to bring an island like this to 20 , 30 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 % , even 70 % .
and , yes , i 'm going another slide .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
by the by , by the way , about a year , about a hundred , a hundred , a hundred , a , a , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
it is the capacity of a hundred and a hundred , because it goes everywhere very quickly .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
that 's fast .
you put a box like this .
and then it usually looks that way .
in this one , there are always three of them , two of them always waiting .
that 's what you see down there is the burden
we also received very specific data .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , or the ,
our goal was to simply say , okay ,
the diesel will back-up , and the wind , the sun , and the sun , will help you to map the bigger part .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % , 30 % of renewable energy , so energy a year , not power at the moment , you have to turn off the diesel .
it means that at that moment , you must make it so that the renewable energy in renewable energy can take over the entire network .
of course , the only way you can , of course , is to be managed in some way .
no one in the world has ever done that .
it 's in a small style , you can also use your razor in the car , you can also use your razor in the car .
people are always asking me , what are you doing there ?
it 's okay .
but if you want more of these , if you want more of these , if you want more of these , and you want them to build a net , it becomes very complicated .
it will definitely be a , it will be , then , hydrogen , hydrogen , methane , power to gas you or it will be .
you 'll have to go for a more like a ... a more like a ... a ... a more like a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a more like a ... a ... a ...
we just wanted to know , what about a normal , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
how far can you get ?
and then we did a whole lot of simulations .
those were the very first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
we have a business model .
we are cheaper than the we are , we are cheaper than the we are , when the price is five percent a year .
and then we started to negotiate with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
what should everything be done ?
i 've been looking for new business .
we were only five people then we were only five to rebuild one to rebuild society
and here again the presentation .
the brown is , in so to speak , the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a power supply , is that we still make 20 % with diesel , and we can 't even make it to the other .
and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem
and that is why we have decided in berlin to build a hall in berlin , where we can , in a way , we can , in a way , we can , in a way , we can , we can , like ,
it means that we have then , we have then , to find the world 's largest battery
here she is .
it comes naturally from asia , in the case of japan
and in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , it was , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s ,
it is you can see , it is a very , very , very big battery .
it has a power and it can , for six hours , it can , for six hours , and it is the battery that we have , in a way , we have managed to get it .
and then they set them up .
over here , we are here , we are , we are here , we are , we are here , we are , we are here , we are , we are , we are here , we are , we are , we are here , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we
and here you can see the whole again
we can also add two hundred and two hundred ... and two hundred ...
here we see this again we see this again we see the engine again , here we see the engine again ,
and what we have done since then , since then , since then , the hall was finished , up until today , everything that was here in between the single system of electronics , the software , we did .
so , we are not , we are not , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
you have to , of course , you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate to the net . it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island , you can , in fact , take away all of the things that we are about to get when we want to increase our share of renewable energy
so , this whole discussion , how , at this very moment , we , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and then , at the end of the day ,
so , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , all over the place .
we , on the island , we can start , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we , we can , we can , we , we can , we , we , we can , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
it means that if you are 70 % of renewable , you can 't do it without memory .
you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , by
and this is the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and take a look at that , because you can see what problems you get .
if we turn off the diesel , then you no longer have the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
and our , our european , european , is basically just a bunch of , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , the , you know , the , the , the ...
we we look into this net , we see the fifty hertz , and when it becomes , we then we open up a few , we open up a little , we then we go back in a little , we come back up
that 's the system .
and , of course , this is incredibly lazy .
if you take this off somewhere , it 'll take a while .
the spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the net steady .
and in time , they can react to other things .
if you no longer have this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and we can , with this big , big , big , big battery , we can , like , two , one , two , one .
then you can see , what a huge , huge , huge , huge , huge ...
and the message is now , we have to give up on these , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the message is now , we , we , we have to , we , we have to , we , we have to , we , we have to , we , we have to , we have to , we have to , we have to , we
then we 'll have to take down our more limited power in the net .
it simply means that the power plant is on to hold the frequency .
yes , it 's a , it 's a , it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
and we are simply trying to make it clear that you can remove the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity of which you can , by putting it into the net .
fortunately , there are now a lot of studies .
and for that purpose , people always come , and they look at our , like , our , uh , the , uh , our , uh , the , uh , the , uh , our , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the
and , yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far can you take away from a long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long ,
and many , many , many discussions i have had in the last six years have been the same as the discussion i have had in the last 30 years of the last ,
i can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's bullshit , it 's all we expected , we never expect .
today we have 30 gigawatts of electricity in germany .
that is an exemplary example .
and i simply assume that for the next 30 years , we will have the same capacity to store the same capacity for the next 30 years of the world .
it 's simple , it will come
there 's gonna be a whole lot of , you know , there 's gonna be , like , a lot of , you know , there 's gonna be , like , a lot of , you know , there 's gonna be , like ,
the beauty of it is that i have now , in the past two years , i have now , in fact , i have now , in the past two years , that the scientists are on my side .
we have now received over ten million , we have now received over ten million , and now we have to put a " c " on the german .
this will take place next april .
so , from there you can also see that there is a change , and from this resistance to yes , to the idea that 100 % is a 100 % renewable is true
and if you have 100 % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % %
so far , in discussions , we are always trying to get this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
the simple question is , if they make themselves completely independent of any of the fossil , or of any of the , or of any of the , or of any , that they will be taken somewhere in the world and taken to them they are an island
then they use up only what the sun and the wind , where they live
and that is so a little our vision of a more powerful power source and i am also grateful that you have said use the sun 's power .
and this is what we do , what we do , and in so , the talk of premium kola , that once again we can be a collective and use the sun 's energy , we can be together a little .
and , yes , well , i just want to encourage you to , in the sense that you can be a little bit crazy and have a vision .
and you have to be really tough , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist for the los angeles times , one day he was walking down the streets in downtown los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
it came from a man , an african-american , an african-american , a kind , ugly , homeless , who played on a violin played only two strings .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he was a homeless man living on the streets in the streets of and in the downtown los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 two years ago , two years ago at the walt disney hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to imagine me .
he spoke in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and a few days later , i received an e-mail that said that nathaniel was interested in the music , and that i had an e-mail .
i have to remind you that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with , with , in , with , in , with , in , with , in , with , in , with , in , in , with , in , in , in , in , with , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in , in .
and in this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
he was talking about invisible demons and smoke , about how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i was playing the first set of the first set of beethoven 's piano
and while i was playing , i noticed that in the eyes of my eyes , a perfect change was in the ,
it was as if he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction , whose catalyst was my game .
and so , in a calm , calm , calm , calm , calm , gentle , and gentle .
and as through a miracle by a miracle , he took his violin and began , by hearing , to play a few bits and pieces of the , and then he asked me to play it to the end :
we began then we began to talk about music , from bach through beethoven , brahms , brahms , and all the other , and all the other b 's , from and from and from the to the to the ,
and i realized that not only did he not only had a knowledge of music , but that he also had a close personal relationship with her .
he spoke of her with a passion and an understanding that i know only my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music and music , from this paranoid , confused man who had just moved the streets of los angeles , had become a lovable , refined , brilliant , brilliant , brilliant , in juilliard , trained musician .
music is medicine , music changes us
for nathaniel , music is a spiritual health for nathaniel .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and his delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity into something real .
and so he will escape his anguish and his anguish
i understood that this is the nature of art .
this is the reason why we make music so that we can make something that is inside of all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity can form into reality .
and the reality of that which is the true meaning of that which we all , move , inspire , and unite us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the power of the music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who knew his talent , and who knew him .
and i will play with nathaniel again and again and again and again and again i will play with nathaniel , no matter what , in the walt disney , or in the , uh , and in and in and in and in , and in and in and in , and in , and in , and in , and in , and in , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
i would like to play something that i have stolen from the cellist .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
i 've known many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first one was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , a beautiful fish , good consistency , rich , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , it was , it was , it was , in a , a , in a , a , in a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty for over a few months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked if i could , at an event , i could say about the sustainability of the farm .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here , who tried to solve what this problem has become for our cooks , how do we keep fish on our menus ?
in the last 50 years , we have fished the seas , as we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
it is difficult to gauge the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the one we love , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
there 's almost nothing left .
so , for better or for worse , it will be a part of our future .
the most of them , most of them are , and they are inefficient , we use tuna , a big , bad , bad , bad .
he 's got a 15 to 1 .
that means it takes 15 pounds of it to get a pound of it .
not very sustainable .
it 's not very good .
so here at last , there was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support you .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you are famous for growing so far out in the sea that you do not pollute the environment
he said , " we are so far out , that the waste is being distributed by our fish , not focused .
and then he added , " we are basically a world of our own
he said , " he said .
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to one , great .
what do you feed ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and on that night i was lying in bed and i thought , " what the hell is a fucking protein ?
so i called the next day , just before the event , don .
i said , " don , for example , what are sustainable protein ? "
he said he did not know , he will ask .
well , i was on the phone with some of the people at the company , and no one could give me a straight answer , until i finally got on the phone with the senior biologist .
let 's also call him don .
" don , " i said , " what are sustainable protein ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some fish , and then he said ,
i said , " i said ,
he said , " yes , the feathers , the skin , the skin , the leaves , the dried , dried and made into food . "
i said , " what percentage of your favorite chicken is chicken ?
in thinking maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , don , what is the good of feeding chicken to fish ?
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting rid of this fish .
no , not because i am a saint , i am a saint and a saint .
in fact , i am .
no , no , i have indeed , i have not , i have indeed , i have not , i have not , i have not , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i have , i , i have , i , i have , i , i , i , i have , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
this second fish is a different kind of love
it is the romantic way , the the way you , the better you get to know your fish the more you love the fish
i first ate it at a restaurant in a restaurant in a restaurant .
a friend of a journalist , a friend of a journalist , had long talked about this fish .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , almost shimmering , white ,
the cook had cooked it .
stop twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it has been cooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
in fact , his name is miguel .
and no , he did not cook the fish , and he is not a cook , at least in the way that you and i understand .
he 's a biologist at veta la palma 's .
this is a ... this is a ... this is a ...
it is near the mouth of the river .
up until the 1980 's , the farm was in the hands of the
they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were , they were .
they did it by bringing the country back .
they built this very complex series of canals and they pushed water from the land and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make it work , not economic .
and for better or for better or for better or for worse , it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , what a lot of birds are for this place .
and so , in ' 82 , a spanish company , in ' 82 , bought the land .
what did you do ?
they have reversed the river of water .
they literally knocked the lever .
instead of the water , they used the canals to put the water back .
they were the main channels .
they created 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they stare out at the horizon that is a million miles away , and all they see are the black , dense canals and this dense , dense , dense march .
i was there not long ago with miguel .
he is an incredible man , three parts charles darwin and a part of a crocodile to kiss .
we were there , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we , we , we were , we were , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
this is where he brings out a rare and rare .
and now he mentions the " the " of " the " of " the " of the "
and here , here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it turns out miguel has spent the most part of his career in the african national park .
i asked him how he turned into such a ...
he said , " fish , fish , fish , i know nothing about fish .
i am an expert in relationships .
and then he goes , and then he goes , and in more talk of rare birds and algae and strange , and ...
and don 't get me wrong , it was really , really fascinating , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the
it 's great , but i was in love
and my head , my head was weak over this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ?
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , i know , boy , the algae , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but what do your fish eat ?
" how is it ?
well , he goes on to tell me that it is such a ... it is such a ... it is that fish eat what they eat in the wild .
the plant , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely , totally , totally , totally , totally .
there is no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a film director had asked for a film director to make a film .
and we turned around the corner , and we , the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands upon thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a , literally pink carpet as far as the eye can see .
" this is success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and our fish , and we lose to the birds .
well , last year on this property , there were 600,000 birds , more than 250 different species .
today it has become the greatest and one of the most important private and most of all of europe .
i i said , " miguel , is a good , good , good , good , good . " is not the last one you would want to have on a ...
he shook his head , no .
and he said , " we are building , we are not , we are not , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are not ,
this here is a network that is a network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp will eat the fish .
so the the more the the pink the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
okay , let 's think about this , a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your bandits
it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
oh , and by the way , those flamingos should not even be there in the first place .
they breed in a city about 150 miles away , where it is better for a better place .
every morning they fly 150 miles to the farm .
and every night , they go back 150 miles .
they do this because they can follow the white , white , white , white line of the road ,
seriously .
i had imagined a sort of a journey of the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , will you go 150 miles to the farm and then you go back 150 miles an evening ?
do you do this for the children ?
he looked at me like i was just quoting a song by whitney houston
he said , " no , you do it because the food is better . "
i did not mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious , and i do not like , i do not like , i do not like , i do not like , i do not like ,
it 's this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , this , this , this , this , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , this , uh , uh , this , this , uh , this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , this , this , this , uh , this , this , this , this ,
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried it in the restaurant in the restaurant in the restaurant in the restaurant in the restaurant , it didn 't taste like anything .
it tasted sweet and sweet and pure as if to take a bite from the ocean
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it is the last defense , before something enters the body .
it has evolved in the course of evolution to absorb the energy of the energy .
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its success the success of its bandits
and then i realized that when he said that a farm that has not a farm that has not , it was a huge , and that the water that flows through this is the water that flows through this farm comes from the river of the
it is a river that is a river that has all the things that the rivers of which these today , the rivers , these rivers , these today , are that they are to guide , chemical , chemical pollutants ,
and if it has fought through the system , and this one leaves the water is cleaner than how it came in .
the system is so healthy it cleans the water
for when the water flows , it sinks into the atlantic
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and you should do it , because this love story , however romantic , is also very revealing .
you could say that it is a recipe for the future good food , whether we speak of the sea bass or sea bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , of a , in which food is actually good .
but for a lot of people , it 's a bit too radical .
we are not the realists , we are lovers we are lovers
we love , we love , we love , we love , we talk about regional food we eat organic
and when they say that these are the things that make the future of good food , someone will stand up somewhere and say , " hey guys , i love pink flamingos but how will they feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ?
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we already produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people will go hungry today
a billion a billion that is more than ever , because of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
well , i don 't like that question because it has determined the logic of what we have for the last 50 years .
feed the grain to the herbivores , feed the grain to the animals , feed the seeds , feed the seeds of the seeds , feed the seeds of the animals , and feed the people of the land , how can it be ?
it was the cause , it was the justification , it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call it what it is , a business , a business , a business , which is quickly consumed with the capital , which is the very , very , very , very production .
this is not a business , and it is not agriculture .
today , we have a threat to our government , not due to excessive supply , but because of our resources ,
not through the latest , not through the latest , not through the land , but through the fertile land , but through fresh water , not through a chain saw , through the forests , not through the fishing boats and nets , but through fish in the sea
you want to feed the world ?
how will we feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we , how can we create conditions that every community , every community , can feed itself ?
in order to do so , don 't look at the future .
it 's really old and it 's done .
capital , chemistry , and machines are in it , and it never produced anything really good for food .
let 's take a look at the ecological model instead
this is what it is that it is , that it is , that it is , two billion years of work experience .
look at miguel , farmer like miguel ,
plants that are not the worlds that are not the worlds that are not , but the plants that are , that are , that are not , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that are , that , that , that , that , that , that are , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that , that
because they are those who are also experts in taste
and if i am to be honest you are a better cook than i will ever be
you know , that 's fine with me because if this is the future of good food it will be delicious
thank you .
so , what we see here here is a typical , a typical , old , old and old .
the program i use here is a little experiment
it is called a " a " , and what i can do with a " a " is that i can , after a certain cause of death , we say accidents .
and right now , i see a different pattern that comes along .
it is because in this , the people of the people here are the most , and they are over here , over here at the lake .
we can go one step further out , and then we can rearrange the data , and then we can see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not everyone .
now , if we go on we go on , we go on , we say , 40 years or younger we see that even accidents are the cause that people should worry about .
and to those who see and who see , that is , that is , especially in men .
so you can see that the look of information and information , in this way , is very much like swimming in a living , in a ...
and if we can do this , we can do this for the use of it , why can 't we do it for content ?
what we now now have here are the most important of every " sports illustrated " ever printed .
it 's all here it 's all online
you can test it after my lecture in your rooms .
if you can use it , you can dive into a decade .
you can dive into a certain year .
you can jump directly to a particular issue .
now , when i look here , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and the sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , and i click here , where i see all the expenses of which lance armstrong is mentioned .
now , when all i want to do is just to get a clear , i can think , " okay , what if i look at everything with the subject of riding a bike ? "
so i take one step back and expand the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and so you get an idea that when you search through information like this , you know , you , you know , you , you know , you , like , you , like , you know , like , you just , you just , you know , like , you just , you just , you just , you just ... you just , you just , you just , you know , you know , you don 't , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , like , you
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's something in between and we think it changes the way that information can be used .
now i would like to take this idea a little further with something a little more crazy .
what we have done here is , we have taken each and every and every one of these and reduced it down to a little summary .
the summary of the brief contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just going to show you the top 500 of the top 500 of the top 500 of the top 500 of the world series .
but even in that narrow mind , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we are immediately getting an impression on the subjects on the wikipedia , which are the most on wikipedia .
i will now choose the " government "
now , after i have chosen " the government " i know that the most that the most that cover time is " people of the year "
this is really important , because this is an understanding that is not in a single , single ,
it is only to know that if you take one step back and you look at it .
and then i can go into the subject of time , people of the year , people of the year and see all together
when i look at all these people , i see that the majority of them are government officials , some are from science , and some , even less , are from the economy , here is my boss and one is from the
and , interestingly , bono is also a ted , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , ted , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh ,
so now we can now jump and take a look at all the ted and the winner of all ,
you can see that the first time we 've been surfing the net , it 's like it 's really a net , not just side by side , but even more abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise
i just show you the new york times website .
i don 't want to call it a browser it really isn 't a browser , but you can look at web sites with it , and we can take this to every single site like this .
so i can go one step back and jump directly to a specific section .
it is important because only by looking at web sites in this way , you can look at all the web sites in the same way .
so i can , in my course , i can , in a certain time frame .
here is the state of all the demonstration i have held up to here .
and i can , so to speak , i can , in a way , retrieve everything that i have seen so far .
and when i take one step out one step and look at it all again , i may be able to rearrange my course , i have here , i have looked for , i have looked for , i look for , here ,
and from here , i can go in the side and call it again .
it is a metaphor that is used over and over and over again , and each time , it makes the bigger picture bigger than the sum of the total .
at this moment , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the devil 's curse .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this is , if we can do this , then , this is , as we have so far , a new source of information .
and , instead of simply moving into information , we can get knowledge from it .
and if we know , we might even be able to shed some wisdom .
i 'll stop , thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
when i was in high school , i used to take the bus to school , every day an hour an hour every day .
and my nose was always stuck in a book , in a book , a book that took my thoughts into other worlds , and in a way , my deep inside me , sitting curiosity ,
i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , you know ,
it was always about trying to understand the world and to push the limits of the possible .
and my love of science fiction , my love of science fiction , it seemed that , in the late ' 60s , in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon to explore the sea
jacques cousteau and jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating shows which show us animals and places and a world of wonders we could never have imagined before
i guess that was a pretty good match to the one that i was .
and i was an artist .
i could draw , i could paint .
and since there was neither video games nor these , with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
when we read a book when we were children we took the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads
my reaction to it was the drawing and painting of aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all that .
i was always caught by the teacher , i , hidden behind the textbook ,
the creativity had to be creative somehow .
and then something interesting , and what i was fascinated by , was the thought of a world we have never seen before in our world .
of course , i would never , ever , ever reach an alien world with a starship .
but here there was a world that i could actually enter , here on earth , here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as all i had ever imagined when i read these books .
so when i was 15 i decided to become a diver
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i drove my father away , until he had finally found a new buffalo , new york , on the other side of the border where we lived
i was doing my favorite in a pool at the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
the ocean , but the ocean , a real ocean , i only saw two years later when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent about 3 , 000 hours under the water , 500 hours of it , 500 hours .
and i have learned that the world of the sea , the sea , the sea , the sea , the sea , is as rich in the life of the sea , as we can never imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no limits , unlike the imagination of our own , and of our own .
to this day , to this day , to this day , i am deeply in awe of what i see in my eyes in my eyes .
and my love to the ocean , with the same intensity as ever .
when i , when i , as an adult , i picked a job , it was making movies .
this seemed the best way i could , my inner desire to tell stories with my need to create images , to unite .
when i was a kid i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to bring together pictures and stories , and that it was the same .
of , of course , the stories i chose , from the " terminator " , " " the " , " " the " , " " the " , " " the " , " the " , " the " the " , "
when i was at " i was " i was able to combine my love for the " i love " and " scuba diving " with making movies .
so , basically , my two passions , my two passions , intertwined .
something very interesting happened at " the " , to solve a problem in this film , and we had to create a kind of a liquid liquid , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
what came out of it was the first , the first of the ever , ever seen in a movie .
the film , though it was not enough money , it was , in fact , he had just put his production costs in production , but i noticed something fascinating , the audience in the whole world was like ,
according to arthur clarke 's law , it is known that the , the technology and magic are no different from any other .
so you saw something magical .
and i found it very interesting .
and i i thought to myself , " wow , this must be in the art of cinema .
so we went to " terminator 2 , " , my next film , and more .
we , together , we , together , we made the guy from a liquid metal , and the success of it , it was , how the effect would come .
once again , we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but with the film we have made more money
from these two experiences , a whole new world , a whole new world , a whole new world of creativity for the world of the world .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who , at that time , was the best , and was , at that time , was the " digital , "
the basic idea of this company was to , to , to , to , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the basic idea of this company was to , to , you know ,
then we did , and then we , for a while , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
but in the mid ' ' ' the ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 90s , in the ' 90s , we had , in the ' 90s , we had , in the ' 90s , we thought that we had started the company ,
and the people in my company told me that for now we have not yet been able to .
so i moved it and i made this other film about the big boat that goes down
i sold this to the film studio as " romeo and juliet on a boat " , and was sold to a film of epic proportions , a passionate film .
but secretly , i wanted to go to the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the film .
the studio didn 't know that .
but i have convinced them by saying , " we will dive to the wreck , we will film the real wreck .
we will show it in the film 's " the " the "
it 's a good marketing slogan .
and i persuaded her to finance an expedition .
but it goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we then , six months later , we created a reality in which i found myself in the back of a russian , four kilometers below the north atlantic 's surface , and watched the real " titanic " through a porthole
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it wasn 't , it was , it was , it was , it wasn 't , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it
well , that really hit me .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i i noticed how much these , how much , like , these , these , like , these , like , these , like , these , like , these , like a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like ,
well , they were also , you know , they were , you know , they were , you know , they were , you know , they were , you know , they were , you know , they were , uh ...
you get into this capsule , you then you are floating down into this dark , hostile environment , where there is no hope of salvation , if you can not return it yourself .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this is just like i 'm in a , like i 'm in a ...
this is really cool .
i was , like , obsessed with exploring the depths .
it was all , it was adventure , it was curiosity , it was imagination .
and it was an experience that hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature for which we could create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so it really knocked me over and i wanted more .
and so i made a rather unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic " , i said to myself , " okay , i want to put my film director , as a film director in hollywood , and i will be on ice for a while
and then we began , we went down to the " bismarck " , and we began to explore it with the ...
we returned to the wreck of the titanic .
we used to take little robots that we had built , that we had built , that we had built , that we had built , and that we had a ...
our purpose was to look at the inside of the ship which had never been done before .
no one had ever had ever seen the inside of the wreckage , no one had ever seen the inside of the wreckage , so we had no means to , so we developed the technology necessary .
and here i am now , on the deck of the titanic , on the deck of the titanic , on the deck of the titanic , i see , on the deck , on the deck of the titanic , in a , and i see , and i see , and i see , i see , i see , i see , i see , i see , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the , on the
and i will fly through the corridors of the ship .
i only serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt as if i was , physically , i was in the presence of the " titanic " .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made it clear to me that the use of the scanned and the use of the scanned and the use of your own consciousness into the vehicle , in this other form of existence .
it was really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really .
and perhaps even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have to do something to explore , or to do other things , in all other things that i can think of , in all possible ,
after these expeditions , we began to really to appreciate what we had seen down there , to learn to really appreciate , like this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they live with the help of the .
they don 't exist in a system based on sunlight , like we do .
and so you see the animals that are , right next to a 500 degrees celsius that they can survive .
at the same time , at the same time , i was also very interested in , i was also very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it was i that i took to the depths of the sea .
we made films of documentary films , but , in fact , we did , in fact , we did , we did , we did , we did , we did , we did , we did ,
thus , the circle between my existence , as a child , and the reality .
in the course of this discovery , i have learned a lot .
i have learned a great many things about science , but i now you think that a director must also be a leader , a leader , a leader like a ship captain or something .
but i didn 't know much about leadership until i began these expeditions .
at a certain point i had to say to myself , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us money
we 'll just play the production costs of production .
they all think i ran away between " titanic " and " the " avatar " and " the " avatar " and " the " the " , " and " the " the " , " and " the " the " the " , "
i have made all these films , all these films , these documentary films for a very small audience .
no glory , no glory , no glory , no money
because we did all of this with only 10 or 12 people who have worked together for years on and on and on and on and on .
and in this community , you can see that the most important thing is the respect that you have before each other because you have done a task that cannot be explained to anyone else .
it creates a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next film " avatar " , i tried to use the same style management style , that you respect your team and earn respect in return
it really changed the dynamic .
so i was standing there again with a small team in the unknown , and we were shooting " avatar " with a new technique that had never before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and for a period of four and a half years , we became a real family .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were some people who said that we did a really good job of copying and being transported to planet pandora .
for me , it was more a more a more a way of doing my job , the real process that changed in the end .
so what can we make from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think , in the first place is curiosity .
it is the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than all the laurel in the world .
i come to me young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do something like this . "
and i say , " don 't put yourself in there .
do not do it to yourself , not against yourself , not against yourself , but take risks
nasa has such a " failure is not an alternative . "
but in the art of art and to study , failure must be an alternative , because there it guarantees the benefit of the will .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been approached without risk .
you must be willing to take such risks .
it is the thought that i would gladly give to you , that failure is indeed an alternative , fear , but fear is not .
today i speak to you about energy and climate .
and it may be a surprise , perhaps , because , in the foundation , my work is mainly about vaccines and seeds , the things we have to invent and deliver to the poor , two billion , to give the poor , to a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , in fact , more important than anyone else on the planet .
it means that for many years they will not grow , it will rain too much or too little , and things will change as things that their fragile environment cannot endure
it causes anxiety , it causes anxiety , it causes unrest .
now , climate change will become terrible for you .
and besides , you have a very important need for you .
the fact is that if you could only , from one thing , reduce the price of the price , that energy by far is the most effective .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the ,
as a matter of fact , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
and in the 20th century , even in the 20th century , there was a case in the refrigerator and so we have , in air , we can make modern , and so many things we can do
so we are in a wonderful , wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world
but , if we reduce the price , we cut the price in half we will hit a new barrier and this barrier is connected to co2 with co2 .
co2 actually warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
well , the exact connection between the a between the and the resulting and the , and where their other consequences are , there are some , but not many .
and i 'm sure there must be some uncertainty about how bad these consequences will be but they will be extremely bad !
i have asked the many times i have asked the " do we really have to go down to zero ?
isn 't half or a quarter enough ?
the answer is , until we get close to zero the temperature will continue to rise .
therefore it is a great challenge .
it 's not like to say we have a 3 1 / 2 truck that we have a 3 / 4 truck that has to come from under a 3 / c bridge , you can , like , squeeze it underneath .
this must go all the way down to zero .
well , every year , we do a lot of , like , a lot of , like , 26 billion tons , over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons each on the planet .
and somehow we have to create changes that will reduce to zero .
it 's up so far , it 's up .
only different economic changes have affected it at all , and we have to go from an exponential increase to a decrease to zero .
so let us look at each and every one of each and every one , and we can figure out how to get it to zero .
probably one of these numbers must come very close to zero .
now this is basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today , 6.8 billion people live .
and it moves to nine billion , nine billion .
if we are very successful , with a new , a new , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the
the second factor is the services we use .
the food we eat , clothes , tv , tv , heat .
these are very good things , and these are very good things , which is to make these services available to almost anyone on the planet .
it 's great to have this number up .
is there light at home so you can read your homework ?
and those students don 't have it , so go out and read their school 's homework under the school 's .
well , with its effectiveness , the e , the energy per service , there are good news at last .
we have something that does not rise
due to various in various , different in the , by other , by different methods , by new methods , there are many services , whose services , some individual services are reduced by 90 % .
in other services , such as the manufacture of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ,
in total , if we are optimistic , we may be able to get a reduced by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three , for the first three , we have now , from 26 billion to maybe at the very least 13 billion , and that is not enough !
so let us now see the fourth factor , and this one will be a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
it is the question of whether you can get it to zero .
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every power source for the current is now the co2 , except for the renewable energy and energy .
so what we need to do on a global level , is to create a new system .
we need to get some , uh ...
if i use the term " miracle " , i do not mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle , the computer is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these wonders .
usually , there is no deadline , that you need a miracle until a certain date .
usually , you just kind of stand by and some come , others not .
in this case , we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really bring it across ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that will spark the image of people here ?
i remember last year , last year , when i was bringing mosquitoes and people like that .
the idea was really , really , for you you you know there are people who live with mosquitoes
for energy i thought of this .
i decided that the release of the fireflies ... would be my most important contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i have been assured that they will not bite , and in fact they will not even leave the glass .
well , there are all kinds of , you know , there are all kinds of things like that , but they all don 't do much .
we need solutions , either one , or several who have an unimaginable capacity , and yet , even though there are many ways that people are looking for , i see only five who can make these great demands .
i have left out the tides , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
first , let us first look to the burning of fossil fuels , burn of either coal or natural gas .
who will make sure ?
who can guarantee something that can literally , literally , a billion times more than any kind of garbage that you can imagine of , of , of , and other things ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so this is a tough one .
next up , the next , the next .
what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though he is not very tall , there are many concerns .
so three very , very difficult problems which may be solved , and which is why you should work .
the last three of the last three of the five .
it is the renewable energy , as they are often called .
and they have , too , although it 's great that they don 't need to use the fuel , they have some drawbacks .
for one , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
in addition , these sources are also subject to interruptions :
the sun does not shine all day , it does not shine every day , nor does the wind not always wind
that is why , when you , when you are dependent upon these sources , you must have a way that energy , even in times when it is not available .
there are a great many , many , many , many , many , many , many , there are many , there are many , many , many , there are many , many , many , there are many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , are there are there are there are there are there are there are there , there are there are there , there are there are there , and there are there are there , and there are there are there are there
and there 's the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
so what we need here is a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
this is what happens when you try to bring these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the
if you want to put 100 % on it , you need an incredible , huge , huge .
now , where shall we go , what is the right approach ?
a " manhattan project " ?
what we need are a lot of companies that work on it , hundreds .
in each of these five areas we need at least 100 people .
in many , they will say , " they are crazy , they are crazy . "
i believe , here in the ted group , there are many who have already committed there .
bill gross has a number of companies , including one of the companies , one by the name of
vinod vinod it is invested in dozens of companies that do great things and have interesting possibilities and i am trying to support that .
nathan nathan nathan nathan , and i , we finance a company that , perhaps , in a surprising , following the nuclear approach .
there are some of our innovation in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , you know , the , the , uh ,
the development has stopped in this industry a long time ago , so it 's no big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn this 99 % , you burn that 99 % , that 's a much better .
in fact , in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the waste of today 's reactors to be used as a food .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium will be used up by a little like a candle .
you can see that it is a kind of a pillar , often referred to as " the shifting wave reactor . "
this really does solve the problem problem problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the garbage , which is 99 % , and you have taken out the part that is being burned today , so it is called " the "
that 's what the u.s. has for hundreds and hundreds of years .
and if you can , if you can , and if you can , if you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can get enough fuel for the rest of your life .
you know , there are still many challenges , but it is an example of many hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what should our report card look like ?
well , let 's go to the point where we have to , and then we 'll talk about the
a lot of people are talking about a ... 80 % reduction ... to , like , 80 % to , like , a ...
it is very important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % of the remaining 20 % will be created in poor countries , and still a little farming , and hopefully , by that time ,
so , in order to reach that 80 % , to reach that 80 % , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the other note says that if we use the advanced technology , if it is used in all of the other countries and we are on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
this will be a special of this .
if we go back from there , what will the 2020 's report report report ?
it should once again contain the two elements .
we should use the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , we should use the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the less
these breakthroughs we have to follow with full speed , and we can measure that , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , the , in the , in the , in the ,
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book " we have the choice , " and david , " and david , "
they really go through , and they create a frame where this can be discussed , and we need support from all sides .
there are some things that must come together .
that is a wish .
a very specific desire that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest effect .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures do i appeal for ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places such as a place where countries should not only talk about co2 .
you were to discuss these financial matters , and you would be shocked by the ridiculous amount of funds spent on these new , new , new , new , new , new ,
we need to get some oil , co2 taxes , cap 'n , we need something that can be done by a commercial .
we must spread the word .
we must do the dialogue of the more rational and more rational , and the things that are done by the government .
it is an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to be a little better to understand , can you give us an idea of the size of this investment ?
the difficult step is the building of the first reactor , to find another billion , to find and the place that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one is finished , when he is as i promised , everything is clear , because the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
to understand , to put deep into the ground , to build like a pillar of a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
today , they have to fill the reactor again , so there are a lot of people , and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and you open it and you open it and you open things , you know ,
but when you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years you think of a column that you will bury , without all the other .
and it sits there and it burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a , it 's a , it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can dump it there is much less waste with this method then take it and put it into the next reactor and burn it .
and we will begin by taking the garbage , which is already there , which is in these , in these , in these , in these , or in the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so , what was a problem for these reactors was , what we put in our own , and with it , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but while you were talking to different people of this world about these possibilities ,
where is the most interested in really doing this ?
you know , the french and the japanese , the french and the japanese did something like that .
this is a variant of a thing made .
this is an important step forward , but it is like a fast reactor , and a few countries have built it , so anyone who has made a fast reactor , is a
in your mind , the time frame , and the chance to actually bring this to life ?
now , we need one of these , we need one of these , the things that are very cheap we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
that is , in a way , the deadline , which has , in a way , pointed out to us , that we have to hold .
and , you know , if all goes well , if all goes well , and that is a great wish , it could be easy .
and , fortunately , there are now dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , who , if their approaches work , can also provide the support for their pilots .
and it would be best if a few of them could , because then you could use a mixture .
in any case , we need a solution .
in regard to the great possible breakthroughs , is this the greatest you know ?
one is the most important is the most important .
it would have been if it hadn 't been for the , but it makes it so much more important .
there are other cutting-edge companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as they do , but there is a different method , a different approach .
there is a liquid , which seems a bit difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if it doesn 't work , what then ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the power cells stable ?
when you come into this situation , it is as if you have eaten too much , and you are about to have a heart attack .
there is a , there is a , there is a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
it 's just a ...
they hope we don 't need it .
some people say that you shouldn 't even work on the insurance because it might make you lazy so that you keep eating , because you know that you will have heart surgery
do you have a , or two , a , or two ?
well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very few .
are you saying that there are negative effects that have something to do with the clouds that move things ?
there are very , very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is as similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay much later .
the fact is that this uncertainty should worry us .
well , the actual , the actual spending for research say that the u.s. should spend 10 billion dollars a year more than they do today it 's not so dramatic
there are other things that shouldn 't suffer .
you then you come to a large amount of money , and here , reasonable people can argue when you have something that is not economic , and try to finance it , and for me , most of it is a waste .
i think we should try to do more things that have the potential to be a much more , much more .
if the swab you get is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
i mean , any one of us here could spend five times five times as much to our energy and not change the way of life .
for the lower two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even if he is , he thinks .
his new line now is , " why is the research no longer discussed ? "
he is still , because of his former stories , he , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his , his ,
and that is a train of thought i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little is supported .
bill , i think i speak for almost all the people here when i say i really hope that your wish will come true
thank you .
a few years ago , here with ted , here , here with peter , peter , who , a , a , a , a , a , a
the idea is very simple , and it is , that the most , the most , the most , the most , the , the most , the most , the , uh , the , the , the most , the most , the most , uh , the , the , the most , the , the most , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the most
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it seems very simple , it is indeed very difficult , it is indeed very difficult , because people are very quickly working together .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a ...
it was a huge success .
most people usually start to take their own direction .
you talk about it , you think about what it will look like , you think about power ,
then you invest a little time in the planning and the organization , you sketch and you put out spaghetti .
they spend most of their time in the growing and growing structures
and finally , just before you have no more time , someone take the marshmallow and you gently put it on the top , gently step back and " ta-da ! "
but what , then , almost always , has happened that the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh " , because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing bend and collapse .
there are a number of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " have more " uh-oh " than others , and among the worst , are fresh ,
you lie , you cheat , you cheat , you are confused , and you are a very poor , poor , poor , poor , poor , poor , poor , poor ,
and , of course , there are also teams that have a much more " ta-da " and among the top are the new graduates of the top .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , not only do they not only produce the highest , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you may ask is , how , why , what are they ?
and peter says , " none of the children will spend time to be the boss of spaghetti limited
they don 't have time to spend to fight for power
there is another reason .
and it is that they have been trained to find the right plan
and then realizing it .
what happens then , when you put the marshmallow on top , you have no time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , huh ?
what they do is that they start with the marshmallow , and they build with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the designers , the designers , the designers , they , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and with each and every attempt , the children get instant feedback , which works and what doesn 't .
it is the power to work with a prototype is essential , but let 's see how different teams are .
the average , for most , is the average for about , you know , the average is , you know , the average is , you know , the average is , you know , the average is , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
who is the most successful ?
architects and engineers .
the most i 've ever seen is the most .
because , because they understand triangles and they understand and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
ceos are above average , but it gets interesting here .
you put an executive executive administrator on the team , you become significantly better .
you look around and you recognize this team will win
you can predict it , why can you ?
because they have special skills of the special .
you run the trial , you understand .
and this team , who will take care of the work , will make the team 's performance a significant increase .
specialized skills , and specialized skills , and their combination to success .
if you have ten teams that are so typical , you get about six that are stable .
i have now tried something exciting .
i thought we were to bring the ...
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a construction of a more advanced construction , he would have carried the price home .
isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a powerful effect ?
we repeated this practice with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
and now they understood the advantage of the " the "
so became the same , the same bad team of one among the best .
they produced the highest design in the time , in the very least .
so there are lessons of more and more to us , about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , " why would anyone , in fact , invest time to create a ...
the reason is , i help create digital tools and trials , to help teams , to create cars , video games , and " visual effects . "
and what the police department does is help you to identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge provides a joint experience , a common language , a common language , the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who , who care , can go and visit , who care .
it 's a blog where you see how you make the marshmallows .
there 's a , there 's a , there 's a , there 's a , there 's a .
they find these crazy examples from all around the world , how people like to tweak and tweak the system .
and there are also , there are , there are , there are , there are .
and i think , i think , i think , i think the construction is , in fact , a very , very , very good sport .
it demands that we all our senses to the task , and that we use our thoughts , as our feelings and our actions in the challenge that lies before us .
and sometimes , a small prototype of this experience is all it takes to take from a " uh-oh " to a " ta-da "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here
a big , big machine , a cool , cool machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room must enter .
and you can go to the past , you can go to the future , you can not stay in here and now you can not stay in here
and i wonder what you would choose , because lately i have often asked my friends this question and they all wanted to go to the past .
they wanted to go back to before there were cars , or twitter , or " america is looking for the superstar . "
i don 't know .
i am convinced that , in some way , to nostalgia , one is drawn to wishful thinking .
and i understand .
i am not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back to the past not because i am an adventurer
it is because there are opportunities on this planet that do not go back , go forward .
so i want to go to this machine and i want to go to the future
this is the greatest time ever on this planet , no matter what the scale you set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , opportunity , opportunity , a sinking life .
there was never a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60
my grandparents ran that number to 70 .
my parents are the 80 's .
so there better be a a nine at the start of my " a "
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child who is born today , born today , and is born today , and is expected to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago
this is an incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox has killed billions of people on this planet .
they have shaped the earth in a way that no war has ever .
they are gone , they have disappeared
we beat them , we , we , we ,
in the world of the rich , there are many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many .
german , german , german ,
does anyone know what it is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people are the results of the scientific method .
and from my point of view , the scientific method , to try things , to see if it works , to change , if it does not , is one of the greatest achievements of mankind .
so this is the good news .
unfortunately , this is all the good news , because there are a few other problems , and they are often mentioned
and one of which is that despite all of our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go hungry to bed every day .
this number rises and it rises very quickly and it is shameful
and not only that , not only that , we have used our imagination to destroy this world .
drinking water , land of water , rain forests , oil , oil , gas they will disappear soon , and if we don 't get out of this chaos we will also disappear
so the question is , can we do that ?
i think it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people , without the land they live on , to rape .
i think we can power this world with energy that will not destroy it .
i really believe that , and no , that is not wishful thinking
but this one keeps me awake at night one of the things that keeps me awake at night , we have never needed scientific progress more than now , ever , ever ,
and we have never , we have never been able to put him in a good place , as we do today .
people are in their faith , so tight that they cannot be free
even the truth will not free them .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but do you know what you have no right ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to find out .
about a decade ago , about a decade ago , i wrote an article on " the new yorker " , a little article .
and i was surprised to , i was surprised to find resistance , to resistance to what , in the end , is the most effective in the health care in the history of mankind .
i didn 't know what i was supposed to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and i left .
and soon after , i wrote an article on genetically engineered food .
same thing , only bigger .
people went crazy .
so i also wrote an article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was , " why they thought it was , " why they believed that molecules in a certain , instead of a random kind of ,
but , you know , i do what i do , i wrote the article , i went on .
i mean , i 'm a journalist , a journalist
we type , we enter , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but these articles i was worried about and i couldn 't figure out why , and i finally found out .
and that is because those fanatics who drove me mad were not even a fanatic
they were good people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's be honest .
we have come to a point where we have not the same relationship with progress as before .
we 'll talk about it .
we 're being ironic about it , with a little " progress . "
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know what the reasons are .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes we have lost faith in science , and there is no reason why it shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , chernobyl , the challenger , challenger , challenger ,
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right , so be skeptical .
ask questions , ask questions , ask for proof , ask for proof .
take nothing but give .
but now , when you get the evidence , you must accept this evidence , and we are not good at that .
and i can say that for the reason that we are now living in an epidemic of fear , as i have never seen , and i hope never to see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible , terrible story , that linked the , uh , with the measles , mumps , mumps , and german measles vaccine .
very scary .
a lot of studies were done to see if that was true .
a lot of studies should be done , this is a serious matter .
the data came in .
the dates came in from the us , from england , from england , from sweden , from canada and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no connection , nothing .
it makes no difference , it makes no difference because we believe in anecdotes we believe what we see , what we believe , what we think we see , what makes us feel real
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a guy who gives us data and i understand that i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result of it was catastrophic .
it 's a disaster , because of the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world , where the world 's capital is a drop for measles .
this is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that
well , i understand that , i do .
has anyone got measles here ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
it does not happen in this country not at all , but 160,000 times in the last year .
that 's a lot of deaths from measles , 20 an hour .
but because this did not happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around , and messages of fear and illiteracy of such as oprah and larry king and larry king
and they can do that because they don 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same but they are almost never the same .
and this is something that we must learn and we must learn very quickly
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst scourge of mankind .
do not fear , no anguish , no anguish ,
the guy in the middle not so much .
his name is paul .
he just , with a couple of other people , he , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
he can save the lives of the people of the world , the lives of the people , the lives of five hundred thousand children a year .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except that paul is walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are and that people should just stop whining .
and he actually says so .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul speaks in a public hearing , he cannot testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home , people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say it , but those vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the sickness returns , the terrible disease , and it 's happening now .
we now have measles in this country .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon children will die of it again because it is only a matter of numbers .
and you will not only die of the measles .
what about polio ?
i got a letter from a girl who wrote to me a few weeks ago and said she thought i was a little too shrill
no one has ever said that before .
she wouldn 't shoot her kid for polio .
fine .
because we don 't have polio and you know what ?
we had no polio in this country yesterday .
today , i do not know , maybe this morning someone in lagos got on a plane in a flight to los angeles and is currently flying to los angeles .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and he rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those ...
and he does not know that he is infected with a paralyzing disease , and we do not know that because that is how the world works
this is the planet we live on , don 't pretend it isn 't .
we love to lie to each other in lies , we love that .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
it 's a little bit of a ... a little bit of a ... a little bit of a ...
i know you did it because half the americans do it every day .
they take the stuff and they take alternative remedies and it makes no difference how often we find that they are useless .
the data is always the same .
you black out your urine , that 's all you ever do
that 's okay , they want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine .
i completely agree with you .
dark , dark .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand we hate the drug industry
we have no faith in the system .
and neither should we , our healthcare system is bad
it is cruel to millions of people .
it is absolutely , it is absolutely , absolutely cold , and it is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very cold .
so we run away from it , and where are we going ?
we will walk into the arms of the
that 's great , i love the , i love , i love , i love , i love ,
but , you know , this is really a serious matter , because this stuff is shit and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all the possible little props here .
i don 't know what it is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it is a fraud .
when i say this , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
it makes you feel good .
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it is the minister of health , the minister of health , who says , " well , i will not accept the evidence of my experts , to my experts , or any who would like to treat his patient with the
if you go on this path , where faith and magic replace knowledge and science , you will go to a place where you will not be .
they are now arriving at south africa to the south .
he killed 400,000 of his people , because he insisted that red beets , garlic , garlic , and garlic , are far more effective than prescription drugs which we know that they can stop the course of aids
hundreds of hundreds of thousands , hundreds of thousands , hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than any other , suffering from this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences
you always have .
now , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this is a stupid debate , it has to stop .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphor .
this is ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain of rice , every leaf , every leaf of parsley , every brussels sprouts , is changed by people .
you know , there was no such thing as the tangerine in paradise .
there was no such thing .
there were no christmas trees , we did it all
we 've done it over the last 1 , 000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
now we can be more precise , and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people , millions of people , to prolong their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i must say , i don 't understand .
we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
why are we doing this ?
now , what i keep hearing is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones , and we don 't want huge fields with one thing that is wrong .
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seed .
and do you know what my answer to all this is ?
let 's fix it .
it 's true , we have a huge , huge , but that is not science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it is right , it is right , it is moral , it is right .
you know that science is not a company .
she is not a country .
she 's not even an idea , she 's a process
it is a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we should not allow science to do their work , because we are afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people in bloom .
you know , for the next 50 years , we will have to grow 70 % more food than we do right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this and we don 't give it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat that rotten , rotten , rotten stuff , like , like , like , like ... like , like ... like , like ... like , like ...
what is it ? what is it ?
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists , they are building everything in it .
and then people could eat the food and not go blind
you wouldn 't starve to death and you know what ?
it wouldn 't be , it wouldn 't be , it wouldn 't be , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is why are we fighting this ?
i mean , we ask ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want a gene ?
it 's not about that , gene , it 's not about the chemicals .
it is not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on more food , better food , more food , more unique food .
it 's not about rice krispies , it 's about keeping people alive and it 's time to understand what it means .
because you know what ?
if we do not do this , if we continue to do as we do , we owe ourselves to something that we , i believe , we do not , do not want to be guilty , high-tech ,
there is no other description of what is happening here .
it is selfish , it is ugly , it is not worthy of us , and we must stop it .
so , after this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
that 's what i want .
right now she is in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on everything we want .
we can put them where we want them , and we will move them where we will .
we have to have these conversations and we have to think , but when we go into the time machine and we go into the future we will be glad we did it
i know that we can , and as far as i 'm concerned it 's something the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes a real thing , because that 's how someone sees it .
so that we understand each other , let me now show you a simple , simple magic trick .
and i will show you how it works , it is a trick that has been , at least , since the magic of every book in every book for children .
i , myself , learned from cub scout scout , magic , the boy scout in the cub scouts .
i 'll take him out for you and then explain him .
and then i will explain why i explain it .
see what happens .
the knife you can examine my hand you can examine
i 'll just hold the knife in my fist like that .
i slide back my sleeve .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out of it , i will just , i will just my wrist , right here .
in that way , you can see that at no time , nothing is moving , as long as i am here , nothing can go up my sleeve or come out
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
in fact , it is so stuck in its place that i can shake it , without the knife falling .
nothing goes up my sleeve , or comes out , no , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , this is a trick that i often teach little children who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it is a very simple and simple trick
i suppose many of you know this trick in the hall .
this is how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand
i i say that i bend my wrist to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that is a lie .
the reason why i hold my wrist is because it is the real secret of illusion .
in the moment , when i my hand from you , to see from behind , this finger here , my index finger , from where it was , in a position where it is so ...
great trick ?
back there is someone who had no childhood
well , he 's right here .
and when i turn around , the finger changes position .
but that 's not what this is all about , i open my hand
of course it is being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body but by a trick , by my index finger which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i close my hand , it is hidden by this movement , that the finger , that the finger , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
i take this hand away and here is the knife
this is a trick you can present to your friends and your neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , what does that have to do with the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
a year or so ago , i read a study that really knocked me out .
i am not a doctor , i am not a scientist , i am not a doctor , i am not a scientist , and that is why it was an amazing thing to me .
it turns out that if you offer a placebo in the form of a white pill , in the shape of a , it 's just a round , white , white pill that has a certain kind of natural effect .
but if you change the shape in which you administer the placebo , for example , in a smaller pill , and turn this blue and shape a letter on it , it is , in fact , more effective .
and this , although none of these are any pharmaceutical , it 's just ...
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill
that really freaked me out .
but it turns out that that 's not all .
if you take capsules , it 's more effective than pills of any form .
a black , black , black , black , yellow , and red on the other , is better than a white capsule .
the dosage is the same .
i 'm sorry .
but the important thing is ...
... that even the dosages can play a part .
and the shape is a matter .
and if you want to have the ultimate , you have to use the needle .
a syringe , a syringe , with a ... a few cc 's of a ... a few cc 's of ... a ... a ...
it creates a very strong image in the mind that is much stronger than a white pill .
i will show it to you another time when we have a projector
the fact is that the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't look as good as the needle .
and none of it has any really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really ,
i was wondering if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i take something which is obviously a deception and i make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to reach for the needle when it is to get to the point .
this is a 6 cm pin pin pin pin pin pin , it is very , very sharp , and i will , at first , sterilize a a little .
this is my , this is my , this is my , this is my , this is not my , this is not my , this is not my , this is not my , this is not my , this is not my ,
this is my skin , this is not a hollywood , hollywood ,
i will now insert this needle into my skin ... and drive through it ... until it on the other side .
if you get sick , if you faint , you faint , i i did it to a few friends in the hotel room last night and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted
so i suggest that if you get sick quickly , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know what , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you like .
so , it goes like this , right here where my flesh begins , at the bottom of my arms i will just make a little puncture mark
i 'm really sorry , does that make you crazy ?
and now just a little bit through my skin a little bit through my skin and out on the other side .
now , we are in the same situation we had in the same situation we were in when we were in the
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
this is one , two , three , four , five .
well ...
i know what people think when they see that .
they say , " okay , he 's not that stupid , he 's not that stupid , and he 's not that stupid , he 's just , you know , you know , you know , " you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , he 's like , he 's like , he 's like , like , like , like , like , like ,
well , then i 'll show you .
what does this look like ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay , okay , i didn 't really see it . "
the people in the men 's room are coming in now .
let me show it to you from nearby .
this is really my skin , this is not a hollywood , this is not a hollywood , hollywood ,
this is my flesh and i can turn it around .
if you get sick , look away , don 't look
okay , let me squeeze some blood for you .
here it is .
normally i would now remove the needle .
i would clean my arm and show that there are no wounds .
but i think , in this frame here and with the intent to make something real from a deception i will just leave the needle in there and off the stage .
we will meet again in the next few days .
i hope you 're looking forward to it .
everyone talks about happiness nowadays
i have let some people count the number of books , who , with " happiness " in the last five years have been published , and they gave up after about 40 , and there were many more .
there is a great wave of the great wave of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of there .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of all of this , with all this the tide of work , there are several cognitive traps which make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and my lecture today will mainly be about these , uh , cognitive traps .
it is for the people who think of their own happiness , and it is for scientists who think about happiness , because it turns out that we are as confused as everyone else .
the first of these traps , the first of these traps is an resist , to admit , complexity .
it turns out that the word of happiness is simply not a useful word , because we use it to too many different things .
i think there is a certain meaning that we could limit it to , but in all , it is something that we will have to give up , and we will have to take the complicated view of what is comfortable .
the second , the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , it is that , in the end , it is , in life , in life , in life , in life , in life , in life .
and these are two very different , very different concepts , and they are both , in the idea of happiness .
and the third is the , the third is the , and this is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about the fact that we can 't think about a situation that affects the well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but it didn 't .
what ruined it had ruined was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had had had the most beautiful music for 20 minutes
they did not count because he was left with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to remember .
what it really tells us is that we can think about ourselves and other people , in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a self , who is , who lives in the present , who knows the present , who is able to relive the past , but in reality , only the present .
it is it is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
or " how was your trip to albania ? " or something like that ?
these are two very , very different units , that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
well , the self being is a storyteller .
and this really starts with a very basic reaction to our memories . it starts immediately .
we not only tell stories , we not only tell stories when we make to tell stories
our memory tells us stories , which means what we must keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
it is no more painful these days , but it was painful when this study was carried out in the
you were asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients , these are your records .
and you are asked , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that is a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain , patient a had patient b , and more .
but now there is another question : " how did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient " a " has had a much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much worse ,
the stories of the ' the ' the ' who ' were different , and because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends .
and none of these stories are either very inspiring or great , but one of them is this clearly ...
but one of them is far worse than the other .
and the worse , the worse is the , where the pain was at the end at its peak it 's a terrible story
how do we know ?
because we have asked these people about their colonoscopy , and , and even later , " how bad was the whole thing ?
and she was much worse for " a " for " a " than " b " for " in " b " .
well , this is a direct conflict between the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
from the sight of the face of the beast , b clearly had a worse time .
it will cause the patient to suffer , but only a little and much less than before .
what is the meaning of a story ?
and that is true of the stories that memory brings us , and the stories that we make up .
by which a story is made to be a story is a time of great moments and ends .
ends are very , very important , and in this case , the end has dominated the end .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
it has the moments of the day , one at a time .
and you ask what happens to those moments ?
and the answer is really simple , they are lost forever
most of them , most of them are completely ignored , completely ignored by their own .
and yet somehow you , somehow , feel that you should count , that what happened during those moments of the time of the war , our lives were what happened .
it is the limited resource we consume while we are in this world .
and how we use it , it would seem to be important , but that is not the story that will keep to us .
so , we have the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the ,
the biggest difference between you is how to deal with time .
from the view of the day , even if you have a vacation , and the second week is as good as the first , then the holiday is twice as good as the summer holiday is twice as good
that 's not how it works at all , not for you .
for the , for the , the , for the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you haven 't changed history .
and in that way , time is , in fact , the most critical variable , the one that is , the one that is , is the one that is , is the one that is , is the one that is the very , very , very ,
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
there is no voice in this choice .
in fact , we do not choose between experiences , we choose between memories of experiences .
and even when we think of the future , we think of our future we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we think of our future as memories of the past .
and basically , you can see , you see , you know , as a the tyranny of the self , you you can think of it , you can think of it , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you can see , you see , you see , you see , you see , you see , you see ,
it seems to me that when we go on vacation , it is often , we go on vacation in the service of the people of the people of the state .
and that 's a little hard to explain , i think .
i mean , how do we feed our memories ?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the man himself .
and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it i would have spent another hour
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's , like , an hour and a half .
there seems to be a disagreement .
so i would like you to think about a thought experiment
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation , all your paintings will be destroyed and you will receive a drug that you will not remember .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the holidays that we choose ... is a problem that we face with a choice between the two types of ourselves .
well , the two of the two kinds of things , the two ways of themselves , they make two words of happiness .
there are , in fact , two concepts of happiness we can use , one per each .
so you can ask , how happy is the , how happy is it ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the people who are happy ?
and you are all happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea of the happiness of the world , even over time .
if you ask for the happiness of the devil himself it is a different matter
this is not about how happy a person lives
it 's about how happy or happy the person is when that person thinks about their lives
very different concept .
anyone who does not separate these words will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i am a part of a great many of the scientists of health , who have long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long ,
the difference between the happiness of the happiness of the happiness of the man himself and the happiness of the man himself has been recognized for the past few years , and now you try to measure the two separately .
the gallup poll has a worldwide poll in which more than a half a million people have been asked questions about what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there have been other efforts in that direction .
so over the past few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two kinds of ourselves .
and the most important lesson that i think we have learned is that they are really different .
you know , you can know how happy someone is with his life , and it really doesn 't teach you much about how happy he lives his life and how happy he lives his life .
just to give you an impression of the correlation , that the correlation is about ...
what that means is that if you were to meet someone , and they would tell you , oh , his father is a he , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you would know something about his size , but there is much uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone , who , as eight , has now , in a number of 10 , who , as i say , has , in a number of people , who have , and who , as i say ,
so the correlation is very low .
we know something we know about what is the happiness of the man who is the
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that happiness is , that happiness is , to be content , with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but that is dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two species of themselves you will in the end do very different things .
the conclusion from what i have said here is that we should not think happiness should be a substitute for comfort .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a very short , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care for the same things when we think about life and when we actually live
so if you ask the simple question , how happy are people in california you will not get the correct answer .
when you ask that question you think that people in california must be happier when they , say , live in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california you think about the difference between california and other places , and that there is a difference , in the climate .
well , it turns out , it turns out that climate is not very important for the climate itself is not very important for it is not that it is not even very important for it is that it is , that it is that people are happy
but now , now , because it is , because it is , in the end , you can , in the end , some people could move to california in the end .
and it is , in a sense , it is interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california in the hope of becoming happier .
well , your self will not be happier .
we know that .
but one thing will happen , you will think that you are happier , because when you think about it you will remember how terrible the weather in ohio and you will feel that you have made the right decision .
it is very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i have given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a rather interesting result that came from this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very interesting .
is that something you can share with us because you now have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i i think the most interesting result we have found in the gallup poll is a number we were not expected to find .
we found this , in regard to the happiness of the man himself .
if we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and it it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year people are unhappy , and they become more and more unhappy the poorer they become .
over there we get a very flat line .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such flat lines .
what happens is , it is obvious that money does not give you money , but that the lack of money will surely cause you misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in the mind of the other yourself , in the mind of the man himself , you get another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that is not for emotion .
but , danny , in all of american ambition , life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take it seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything that we believe , everything that we believe , for example , in regard to what we believe ,
is there any chance that politicians , politicians , that the country would , in general , take a figure like this seriously and , based on politics ?
you know , i believe that there is recognition for the role of the
the recognition will be slowly in the united states of the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it is happening , and in other countries it is happening .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics
it 's going to take a while , and people are going to be discussing whether they want to study or whether they want to study or whether they want to study , so we have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how you can increase happiness can be very different depends on how you think , and whether you think of it yourself or whether you think of it yourself .
it will affect politics , i think , in the years to come .
in the united states , in the united states , it is an effort to measure the population 's
that will , i think , in the next a or two decades will be a part of the national statistics for a decade or two .
well , it seems to me that this subject is , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you so much for the invention of the
thank you .
i 'm jane , i 'm jane , i design computer games .
i have now been developing for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save in a world as it is to save in a world in reality .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more .
right now , we spend 3 billion hours a week with a 3 billion .
some of you may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
perhaps a little too much time , perhaps , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
but , in fact , according to my research at the institute of the future , the very opposite is true .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the world 's most pressing problems .
in fact , in fact , i am convinced that if we are to survive the next century on this planet , we must increase this time .
i have calculated that the time required is 21 billion hours per week .
no , i 'm really serious .
this picture is a very precise , why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of the photographer ,
he wanted to capture the feeling of playing , so he set up a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic words of playing .
if you are not a player , perhaps you can escape some of the nuances in that image .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a sense of a sense of fear , but also of extreme concentration , very deep in solving a very difficult problem .
when you also play , you also see a few shades , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and mouth are a sign of optimism and eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player on the edge of a so-called epic victory .
so we have some players here .
a winning victory is a result that is so very positive that you did not know that it was even possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you reach it , you are shocked that you are capable of such a thing , it is a glorious victory .
this player is about to win an epic .
and this is what we , on the millions of faces of millions of people in all over the world , when we attack the obstacles of the next century the face of those who , against all odds , stand on the edge of an epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems
i call it the " i am bad in life i am bad " and it is indeed my face , see ?
this is me , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i am i , i , i am i am i , i , i am i , i am i am i am i am i , i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i am i , i , i am i am i am
this is a graffiti in my former home in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my thesis why we are better in games than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players have .
we think that in reality , in reality we are not as good as in games .
and i not only mean not less , not only less successful , although that is part of it .
i mean , in the context of the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel we feel we feel , we feel we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we , we feel , we , we , we feel , we feel , we feel , we feel , we , we , we , we , we , we feel , we
we never have these feelings , when we play games , when we play games they don 't exist
and this is what i was trying to do as a ... as a ...
why is it impossible in games to think that you can 't do everything ?
how can we put these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i watched games , like world of warcraft , a world of communal , which is the ideal setting for the world of communal living .
and i have found some things that make the epic victories in the great wars in the great wars of the great .
so , first , when you enter into one of these , especially at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters who are ready to entrust you with a mission that is to you now .
but not just any mission , but a mission that is a perfect match to your current level in the game , right ?
so you can do it .
you can never get a task you can never solve .
but always at the edge of your abilities , so you must work hard but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft
you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit there and you sit there and you ,
and there are plenty of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of thousands of people who work with you to complete your epic mission .
it 's not so easy in real life , it feels that with a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
also , there is this epic story , this inspiring story of why we are here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard from " level up " and " + 1 strength " or " + 1 intelligence "
this constant feedback doesn 't exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't , i don 't , i don 't , i don 't speak + 1 + 1 + 1 a crazy idea , plus 20 crazy .
i don 't get this feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of warcraft is that it is so satisfying to stand on the edge of an epic victory at any time , that we would rather spend all our time in these
they are simply better than reality .
up until today , all the world of war , together , have spent , together , billions and millions of years , trying to solve the virtual problems of the problems of the world .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to put it in the context , in the , a million years ago , we began to walk our first ,
so , the first stand-up primate , the first stand-up primate .
okay , so , when we talk about how much time we spend with games these days , it only makes sense when you see the time with regard to the size of human development , which is extraordinary .
but also , it is also , because it it turns out that we , using all this time to play , we use to change what we , as humans , are capable of .
we are developing into a community , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
that is the truth , i believe in it
i would like you to take a look at this interesting statistics recently published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average young man , from today , in a country with a strong and strong ,
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for children in the us , in the us , in the us , in the us , in 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 1
so , here we have a complete and total , where young , young people also learn , what it means to be a good player like everything else they learn in school
and maybe some of you have read the new book of malcolm gladwell malcolm gladwell , " hotshot " .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of the success of 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of the great research of the great , the , that if we spend 10,000 hours with the tedious study of one subject until the age of 21 , we will be able to master it .
we become as good at doing whatever we do , as the world 's greatest people .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are , are ,
so the big question is , " what exactly are players of the game ?
because if we could , if we could find out , we would have , in a way , never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever
there are so many people we have in the world now , who spend at least an hour an hour a day with at least an hour a day
these are our , these are our 500 , 500 million people who are extremely good at something .
and over the next decade , we have another billion players who are extraordinarily good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the energy , the energy , the energy , the energy , the energy , the energy , instead of the control , so that players in all the world , especially in india , china , can play brazil online .
they expect an additional billion players in the next decade .
that gives us a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started to think about what it is , what it is , what it is , what it is , what we are to master these games .
here are the four things that i found here , the first , the first , the first , the first .
all right , think of this as an extreme .
it is the desire to do something immediately to overcome an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that a winning victory is possible and that it is always worth it to try and do it now
players don 't sit around .
gamblers are the master of spiders the poets of social nets
there are a lot of interesting investigations that show that we people like more after we have played with them even if they have defeated us .
the reason is that it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we will have the same goal , and will remain in the game until the game .
so , the playing together allows the growing of bonds , trust , and together .
as a result of that , we build stronger social relationships .
it 's fantastic !
you know , there is a reason why the , you know , there is a reason why the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
the reason is that when we play , we are in fact happier to work hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that we , as human beings , we , as human beings , are the best , to do hard , important work .
and players are always ready to work hard when they get the right job .
and ultimately , epic meaning .
players love to become part in the awe of the most dangerous and dangerous and dangerous .
this is a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
the world 's second largest volume of the world , with almost 80,000 entries , is the world of warcraft
five million people use it every month .
they have gathered more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in any other of the world 's other world 's other , world ,
you create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge of the world of warcraft
all right , so these are the four super powers that lead to a single result , players are the most , hopeful , certain individuals .
they are people who believe that they , as one , can change the world .
and the only problem is they think they can change the virtual world , but not the real one .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward , edward , edward , edward .
his work is a genius , and he is studying why people spend so much time , energy , and money and money and money in the
and he says , " we will be witnesses of no less than a ... " ... in a world of virtual worlds ...
and that by an economist , so it is logical .
and he says ...
not like i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , uh , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so he says that it actually makes sense because players can do more than in real life .
you can bond in games of stronger social ties than in real life , you will receive more , more , more , more , more , more , and more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , and more , more , more , more , more , more , more , and more , more , more , more , more , and more , and more , and more , and more , more , and more , and more , and more , and more , more ,
so , he says that it is now perfectly logical that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , it is logical .
but it 's definitely not a ... it 's definitely not a ...
we need to start turning the real world into a game
my inspiration comes from an event that happened 2,500 years ago .
there are these , these ancient , ancient , made of , you know ?
before those fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were , there were ,
and these were , so to speak , the first of humans , the first of human , developed ,
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek , the ancient greek , the ancient greek , of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek and of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek ,
according to the articles of war , the games , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more ,
it was said that there was such a great famine that the king of qin has decided to become a mad idea
people suffered , people fought .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented , according to the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and they would be so absorbed in the craps of the dice that the games are so fascinating , and we are surrounded with a more satisfying , more satisfying , more satisfying , more efficient , more efficient , more so that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day you would play , and the next day you would eat .
and , according to the , they , for 18 years , they lived through this famine , eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 'll play games today
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world
we play games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that in real life is not satisfying , and we get what we need from the games .
but this must not be the end .
that 's the thrill .
after 18 years of famine , the king decided to play a final dice game .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they were playing a dice game and the winners were allowed to go on an epic adventure .
they left , they left , and they went to search for a new home , and they left as many people , as there were food to survive , and with the rest , they went to a place where they could flourish .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but the latest dna evidence , the dna evidence , which later formed the roman empire , the same dna , as the old ,
therefore , scientists have recently come to the understanding that the true story is true .
and geologists and geologists found evidence of global cooling , which lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
perhaps you have indeed saved your people by playing games and for 18 years you have fled in games and then you have had this idea and then you have learned so much about the playing that you have saved the entire civilization .
well , we can .
we 've been playing " warcraft " since 1994 .
this was the first time in real time in real time in real time in the world of war , 16 years ago .
for 18 years they 've been playing in the fields , we 've been playing " the "
i say we are ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half of their civilization to search for a new world , so i take my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
we should agree that half of us spend an hour an hour an hour a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world
i know you will ask , " how do we solve the problems of the real world ? " and this is the question i have dedicated my work to the
we have this banner in our offices in palo alto , which is how we should understand the future
we don 't want to try to tell the future before .
what we want is to make the future
we we want to imagine the best possible outcome , and then people , to put this idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i will show you , for a very short , three games i have designed to try to make men of epic victories in their own future
this is " world without oil . "
the game is from 2007 .
it is a time of war , in which you have to overcome a time of crisis .
we have tested this game with 1 7 1 7 1 7 1 7 players in 2007 and we have been with them for the past three years .
and i can tell you , it was a ... it was a ... it was a ...
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when you are in an epic adventure and you are told , " we run out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure to go on .
most of our players , who , in the game , have , have , have , in the game , have , in the game .
so , for the next , we , for the next , we , we , for the next , we , we , for this , we , we , for this , a more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , than just more , more .
we have developed the game of " the " the " the " the " the " institute of the future .
starting point is the calculation of a time , that people have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is known as " the global , "
the call to all the players to sign in , we have made almost like a " a "
you know , you know , jerry and jerry , where there is the , " the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the ,
eight thousand players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions that you can read up on when you google " google "
and the last game we bring out on march 3 , it is a game in cooperation with the world bank
when you complete the game , from the world bank , you will receive the award from the world bank , the award of social ,
we work with universities in all of the universities in all of the world , and we invite them to study social , social ,
we have a " level high " for " to understand " , " sustainability , sustainability , vision , and imagination .
i would like to invite you all to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in the world , who , together , will benefit from sharing their own social enterprises to save the world .
i now come to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do but we have not yet saved the real world
well , i hope that you agree with me that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life and that games have a great meaning for change .
we we have all these super powers , all of our super strength , and our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our strength , our power , our strength , our strength , our power , our power , our power , our strength , our power , our power , our power , our power , our power , our power , our power , our power , our power , our
i really hope that together we will play great games together to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will , with me , you will design and play with me .
when i return to the next decade , i am certain of two things , that we can create every future imaginable , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let the games begin !
thank you .
i would like to tell you something i noticed a few months ago when i was writing an article for italian and italian ,
i have always , when i write , i have always , i have always , in my writing , i have always , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready , ready to go ,
i 'll read you the entry .
" ... healthy , strong , strong , efficient . "
of course , it was an old , old , old , i just thought that the issue must be old .
but , in fact , it was an issue of the early ' 80s , when i was just starting in elementary school , and i began to build my image outside my family 's home and form and form , in terms of other children and the world around me
and , thank god , i did not use a , i , at that time i did not use a , i did not .
if i were to take it seriously i would have been born into a world that someone like me would think of me as a person whose life , in no way , in no way , but today i will be , for the odds and adventures that i have ,
so i immediately called up the ' 09 ' 09 " and i expected to find a more important contribution .
here is the updated version of this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , this , uh , this is the , uh , this is the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
unfortunately , she 's not much better
in particular , the last two words , the last two words , in " near " are " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's about what we think about what we think about the people we describe with these words .
it is about the values that are in these words and how we construct these values .
our language is the power of our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including those of the greeks and the romans , have truly believed that the language of a curse has a great power , because what is said out loud can also manifest itself .
so , what are we to be manifest ... a disabled person or a powerful person ?
even calling a man careless as a child is enough to narrow it down and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be better to open your doors ?
a man who opened doors for me , was my pediatrician , at the
his name is dr. , dr. , a , a , a , a , a , as you can imagine , most americans were not able to pronounce it correctly , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. was always wearing very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
i thought the time i spent in this hospital was just great - - except my physical therapy .
and imagine , even when i was a child , i had even tried to negotiate with dr. p. and i tried to stop these exercises .
and if you succeed , i will give you a hundred dollars
and i now i wonder how his vision of me , as a strong and beautiful young girl , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it is only an example of many , how adults , who can , in a world , can , can , can , can , can , can , can , can , can , can , in a child 's imagination .
but as , as the already , as the already the examples of the already , from the ancient times , our language has no place to imagine what we would all wish to give to each and every one to see ourselves as a powerful man .
our language is behind the social changes which , in many cases , have been caused by a technological change .
so perhaps this technological change has made it more clear that there has always been a different truth , that every man in society can give something more and more and more and more and more , and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest plus .
but the truth is that we are changed , and of course we are , we are , and of course , we are , we are , we are , whether it is physically , emotionally , or even both .
and i say that is good .
there is no challenge against adversity that we must overcome , to better with our lives .
adversity is simply a part of our lives .
and i have the tendency to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i feel that he is very , very he is , sometimes he is not , but he is always with me
and i , by no means , i will not , in any way , reduce the effect or the struggle of a man .
there are in life , in life , there are , in life , and there are , but in life , there are , in life , there are , there are , in life , and there are , in life , there are , and there are , and there are , in life , and there are , in life , and there are , in life , in life , in life , in life , in life , and in life , there are , and in life , in life , there are
so not only are we not only are we responsible to save the people we love , from the people we love , but also to prepare them to be well .
and we do no favors for our children if we make them feel that they cannot adapt
you have to separate two things , you have to separate the fact that , for one , the fact that you have to , and to the other , the social opinion of whether i am handicapped or not
and to be honest , to be honest , the only , the only , the one , the one , the one , the only , the one , the one , the only , the one , the only , the one that i have to deal with , is that the world , is that the world , is ,
perhaps it is the current concept that only to know what is broken , and how we repair it , for each and every one , a greater , more , more , more , more , a more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more ,
if we do not treat a man who is not to be treated , and not to perceive and recognize all of his powers , we , in addition to the natural struggle they may have to fight , another disease .
we have a man who has a value to our society .
so we have to look beyond the surface and focus on all areas of human resources .
the most important of all is that between the perception of our ... our ... our ... our ... our ... our ...
we should not reject or deny these times we should not try to avoid them , or should we sweep them under the carpet , but it is to see in the odds .
it is perhaps it is more to me to make it clear that we must not overcome adversity , but that we are open to embrace it , to grab it by the hand of the hand of the hand , to use the head of the sword and perhaps even dance with it
and maybe we can , to see against adversity as something of a natural , more natural , more useful and more useful , and we , by their presence , we no longer feel so burdened .
this year , in this year , we celebrate the 200 , the birthday of charles darwin , and , 150 years ago , when he wrote about evolution , in my eyes , darwin , in my eyes , a very , very , in the true human character .
i would put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survive , not the most intelligent of his kind , but the one who can best adapt to change .
conflict is created from creativity .
not only from darwin 's work , we know that man 's ability , to survive , to survive , to survive and to survive , is to be , to the battle of the human mind , to walk through conflict .
so , once again , change and adjustment are man 's greatest skills
and maybe we don 't know what we are made of , what we are made of , when we are truly tested .
perhaps that is what is the purpose of adversity , a sense of self , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can give adversity a new meaning that goes beyond difficult times .
maybe we can see adversity as change .
the odds are against a change we have yet to adapt to .
i believe that the greatest damage we have done to ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
who is normal ?
there is no normal .
but not the normal , and would you really want to get to know this poor , grey person , if there really were ?
i don 't think so .
we have found that we , members of the members of our society , we have always asked , to be useful and to contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthals , who , 60,000 years ago , have carried with men and men , with serious physical injuries , and that , perhaps , because the life life of these people , in the struggle to survive , was of value to society .
you did not think of these people as broken and useless , they were treated as something special and precious .
a few years ago , a few years ago , in the city where i grew up , i went to a ' in a ' red zone ' in the northeast of pennsylvania ' , and i was standing there in front of a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me say , " if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man i had no idea who he was
and i said , " sorry , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you should not remember me .
the first time i saw her i took her from her mother 's womb
oh , him .
and , of course , it just clicked .
that was dr. keen , a man whom i knew only from my mother 's tales of this day , because , of course , i , for my birthday , came two weeks late .
my mother 's , the doctor of my mother 's , who was my mother 's , was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who gave birth to me .
and because i was born without a , i was born , and my feet , my feet , my feet , and i had only a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger , this stranger to deliver the bad news
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you simply cannot simply not stress enough , how the crucial that this factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , dr. keen has changed his mind
he had understood that the medical diagnosis , and how someone is handling it are two different things .
and i , i , i , too , changed my thinking in the course of time , had i , at the age of 15 , had i changed my limbs for legs for the legs of flesh and bones , i would not have hesitated for a second
i wanted to seem normal at the time
if you ask me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's what happened because i had experienced something with my legs and not with those experiences .
and perhaps this change could also happen , because i have met so many people who have opened doors to me , instead of meeting people who have cut me down , who have wanted to give me an idea .
you see , it really only takes one person to demonstrate how you can manifest your powers and you are through .
if you can allow someone to activate their own , inner powers , the human mind is so that if you can do it and open a door for someone in a crucial moment you are a very good teacher to these people
they teach them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the meaning of the meaning of the meaning of the word " the . "
it means to create something that is in one that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , is , that is , is , is , is ,
once again , what is the potential we would now seek to see ?
in the ' 60s in the ' 60s , in the uk , a case study was conducted in the uk , and at that time ,
they call it " the " , " in the united states , " we call it " tracking . "
the students will be divided according to notes
and the " a " and the " a " , the " a " , the " a " , the " a " , the " a " , " the " a " , " the " a " , " the " a " a "
you then , for over a period of a period of time , students with a " enough , " a " , " a " , they were told , they were aces , that they were very smart , and after those three months , they actually wrote straight as .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and so it was , after the three months .
but only those who were still in school except for the students who had quit school
the most important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't in on it .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
the only true , the only true , is a broken spirit , a broken spirit , a broken spirit who has no hope , no hope , he is no more , he is no more , he is no more , he is not our natural , a child , a child , and our natural ,
but if , however , if we can help the human mind to continue to hope , to find themselves and other people around us , to be curious and imaginative , then we will use our powers to be truly positive .
if a spirit has these qualities , we can create a new reality and a new reality .
come dance with me , dance with me
how would you want to be better than you are now ?
suppose , i said that with a few changes in your genes , a better memory could have a better , more precise , more precise and faster .
or do you want to be in better health , stronger , more powerful .
do you want to become more attractive and more confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you are one of those who have always longed for more creativity
which one would you like most ?
what would you like , if only she could have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands , let me see
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority , i like to , as a doctor .
if you could only have one , it would be a different world .
is it all just my imagination ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been an ongoing issue here on the " a " , but today i would like to give you the opinion of a doctor .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , the great geneticist in the late 20th century , who was also also also a member of the russian orthodox church , once wrote an essay called " nothing in biology , nothing in biology makes no sense except in the light of evolution
but if you accept biological evolution , do you remember , is it only about the past or is it about the future ?
is it for others or is it for us ?
this is another gaze upon the tree of life
the human part of the human part of this , far at the end , is of course what we are most interested in .
we branch from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees six or eight million years ago .
in that time period , there may have been 20 , maybe 25 , 25 different , different , different , different , different .
some have come and gone .
we have been here for about 130,000 years .
it seems that we are rather remote from the other parts of the tree of life , but , most of all , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it to extract the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human protein that is used to treat diabetics ?
this is not like this is not like this is the same protein , it is , it is , chemically , from what comes from the pancreas .
and while we are talking about germs , do you know that each of us in our bowels , each of us , each of us , each of us , in our bowels , is more bacteria than the cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times 10 times that .
i mean , do you think , when antonio , when he asks for the image of her , do you think of the bacteria ?
our gut is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
it is warm , it is dark , it is damp , it is very comfortable
and you , you will give them all the nutrients that they could only wish for , without making any effort .
it really is an easy way for bacteria , with the occasional interruptions of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh ,
but otherwise , they are a wonderful environment for these germs , just as they are important to their lives .
they help with the digestion of the nutrients and they protect against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a ... like , like , a ...
or are we destined to become something else , something that might even be better adapted to the environment ?
in this vast , unfinished symphony of the universe , life on the earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single beat , and of the human life , a small ,
that was us .
this will also represent the most important of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first , uh , college .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
but at the time , when , when , when the organisms appeared , things started to change .
sexual reproduction enters the picture .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i have come to understand the feelings of george burns , who , in las vegas , who , in the ' the ' 90s , has been the ' 90s .
and one night , one night , there 's a knock on the door of his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him there is a beautiful , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
she looks at him and she says , " i am here for i am here for "
" this is wonderful , " george says , " i will take the soup . "
i have come to understand , as a doctor , that i , to a purpose that was different from the purpose of evolution , not necessarily contradictory , only different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy
i wanted to restore health after a sickness
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life
evolution is all about the passing of the human body to the next generation , adapt and survive generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view from an evolutionary point of view , you and i , like booster rockets , are designed to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to then fall into the sea .
i i think we would all understand the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the , the the the the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i want to achieve it by not dying
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
it is not necessarily the most , the strongest , the strongest , or the fastest , not even the brightest .
evolution , the creatures that are best to adapt to their environment .
it is only the test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are germs , which are , and thus , the hot steam survive , otherwise , if the fish were there , the vacuum of boiled fish would be the result of boiled fish , but they have managed to make a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we have reached some sort of balance .
and the reason why , for , in the first , by medicine , we were able to obtain a number of genes that would otherwise have been taken and removed from the population .
and second , we , we , as a " a " , we , as a " a " , we , as a " a " , we , as a " a " , we have created the environment , that we have , that we have , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that we , that
and by the by , we walk and we walk and flow and mix so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary , for evolution , in order to survive .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional , of course , by the forces of nature .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly turning but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation can go , if we , as a species , as distant planets , there will be insulation , and the changes in the environment that could produce evolution in a natural way .
but is there a third possibility , a tempting , fascinating and terrifying possibility
i call it " the new development which is not just natural , but guided and decided by us , as a guide in the decisions we make .
well , how did that happen ?
how is it possible we could do this ?
let we first look at the reality that people today , in some cultures today , in some cultures , make decisions about their offspring .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not very good for society , but it is what the one and the family decide .
so you think , if it were not only possible to choose the sex of your child , but also to the body to make genetic adjustments that would cure and prevent disease .
what if if they could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's , or to eliminate , or to eliminate the loss of the heart or strokes ?
wouldn 't you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we continue , these changes of change will become increasingly possible .
the human , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it cost $ 2.7 billion .
in the next year , when it was finished in 2004 , they could do the same for 20 million dollars in the amount to four months .
today , you will be able to complete a sequence of the three billion ... of the 3 billion ... of the human race ... at a price of about $ 20,000 and in the room of about a week .
it will no longer be long until the reality is that there will be the $ 1 , 000 human , and it will be more and more available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin can produce in bacteria can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but can also be used for immunity against other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it is an experimental study in gang with a vaccine for the influenza virus that has been planted in the cells of a mass infection .
can you imagine anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today and in the future much more will be possible
then imagine only two other small changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and eggs and eggs or the newly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance for a better , better chance for a better life , the removal of the diabetes , remove the
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then , the same , the same engine of science , the same engine that can make changes to prevent disease , could also also allow us to say goodbye to adopt , to adopt , to adopt , to adopt , the better memory .
why do not have the wit of a ken jennings ' wit , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the next ?
why not have the swift and the swift and the that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and when we are in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want , we will be transformed from the evolutionary evolution to the
we will have a process , which , as a rule , would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years , and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are the decisions that your grandchildren or their grandchildren will have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that is better , more successful , who is more friendly ?
or are we going to choose to choose different things that we choose to have for some of us and not others of us ?
shall we , a society , shall we , to form a society , is more and more , more and more , more robust and more , more and more , more , more and more , more and more , more and more and more and more and more , more and more and more .
these are the kinds of questions we will have to face .
and most of all , in the deepest of all , will we ever , ever be able to , in the wisdom of the wisdom and the wisdom that we will need to make these decisions wisely ?
for better or for worse , for better or for worse , and sooner than you think perhaps , these decisions will be ours .
thank you .
i would like you to now imagine , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
we at berkeley , we at berkeley , we call these robots ,
they are nothing but something that they put on in the morning that gives them extra strength and that will increase their speed and that will help them , for example , keep their balance .
this is , indeed , the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only does it merge with it and connect to the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
to now , to show you what we are working on , we will now begin to talk about the american soldier , who , on average , is about a hundred pounds on his back , and it is the request that you carry more equipment .
of course , this , of course , leads to some significant complications , which , of course , will result in 30 % of which , a 30 % of which is a result of some of the , uh ...
so we thought we would accept this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help to deal with this problem .
so now , let me now introduce to you , ... .. or the human ... .. the ... .. the human ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. human ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the ... .. the
with this , i can carry 200 , 200 pounds , 200 , 200 , 200 , 200 , 200 pounds of the terrain , for many hours .
it is the design of which it is the design that allows it to sit deep , to crawl , and to carry out the most sublime movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to present this device , this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now , let us now take a look at the guy in the wheelchair , the one that i am particularly passionate about
there are 68 million people , who are in a wheelchair in the world 's most respected ,
that 's , like , 1 % of the total .
and this is , in fact , a conservative estimate .
we often talk here about very young people who , in the days of their lives , who , in the days of their lives , were hit by fate , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it is also about the aging population , whose numbers are multiplied .
and pretty much the only option is to have a stroke , or other complications , the wheelchair .
and so it has been , by the way , for 500 years since , as i must say , a very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start by writing a completely new chapter in the area of mobility .
now , let me now introduce to you , who is now worn by amanda , who , 19 years ago , suffered from a , who , 19 years ago , has , to the result that she has not been able to walk for 19 years .
thank you .
like i told you , amanda is wearing our wedding dress .
it has sensors
his fully integrated sensors in the crutches , the signals sent back to our , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and here are also , also , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i was 24 years old , and i was in the best shape of my life ... when i was in the best of my days ... when i was in the best of my days ... when i was a ...
in a fraction of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement below my pelvis .
not long after that , a doctor in my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you will never walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every little hope from my mind
i have since i have been taught to learn to ski again , to climb , and even to ride a bike with my hands
but nothing was invented that would let me go so far .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and discuss with you
it is in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations , not only for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the men in the same men in the same , but for everyone in the same
thank you .
at home in new york , i am the head of the development department of a nonprofit organization called robin hood .
if i do not fight poverty , i will fight the fire , as the assistant of a volunteer , in a volunteer fire .
well , in our town , where volunteers in the city , who have helped to provide a more effective , you have to be at the early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer to volunteer at the special branch , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he was having a very serious conversation with the owner of the house , who , for sure , had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night and she was standing in her pajamas , barefoot in an umbrella out in the pouring rain , while her house was on fire .
the other , the other , who , who had arrived just before me , we call him , " lex luther " was the first to meet the captain and was asked to go to the house to save the dog of the owner .
the dog , i was speechless with envy
there was a lawyer or a money manager , who , for the rest of his life , who , for the rest of his life , could tell people that he went into a burning house to save a living , only because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me to him .
he said , " you must go to the house .
you have to go up to the top , past the fire , and get this woman a pair of shoes
i swear .
i know what you think now but i am no hero
i carried my prey back down , where i , at the front door , i met my sworn enemy and my beloved dog .
we carried our treasures outside to the house of the house of the house , where , no surprise , he received much more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the owner of the house , saying thanks for the brave to the rescue of her home .
she was , in fact , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very kind .
in both in my profession of robin hood and in my , as a volunteer , as a volunteer , i am a witness to the generosity and kindness of a great measure , but i also also also see the deeds of the deeds and the deeds of the deeds of the deeds of the individual .
and you know what i learned ?
they are all important .
so when i look around in this room and i see people who have either been successful or are on their way , i would like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
you serve in a soup kitchen , you clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day , not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but each day offers us the opportunity to change one .
so you go , go , save your shoes
thank you .
mark , mark , mark .
thank you .
i have just come back from a community who knows the secret of the secret of the secret of mankind 's secret .
a place where the women lead the scepter , with sex say hello , and the game the day , where fun is a serious matter .
and no , it is not burning man or san francisco
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of the world of the wild west in the jungles of congo
with chimps and chimps our next living relatives .
that means that we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimps are known for their aggressiveness .
but , unfortunately , we have this aspect , in the story of human evolution .
but we will show the other side of the coin
while chimps are being led by big , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , guys , is the leading of the female ,
they have made up something , because this is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
but unfortunately , unfortunately , the least known among the primates are the most .
they live in the deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , and are hard to be able to access the observation .
the the congo is a paradox a land of a land of extraordinary and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself is the the scene of a violent and violent struggle that has been in for decades and almost as many lives as the first world war
it does not surprise that this destruction , this destruction also , is also a danger to the survival of the earth 's people .
and in the decline of the , and in the decline of the , you could not even fill a stadium with the rest of the world , and even then , we are not safe , to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a hidden laughter , that the trees are shaken
who are these relatives ?
we know you as " love instead of war " , we know you as " love instead of war " , for you have often , with different partners , with different partners ,
i am not saying that it would be the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the world is more than the kama sutra
like men love to play for long and long
game is not just game games .
to us and to us , it is a game that is a fundamental to the bond of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game
the game is to increase creativity and force , and it is mainly about the generation of a variety of different , different , different , different , different , different .
and when you watch at the game you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and of rituals .
the game is the kitt , that 's who we are .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i would like to show you some unique , unique footage straight from the wild .
first , a ball game to a ball game on a ball and i don 't think about football .
so , here we see a young female and a male in a male and a male in a female .
look at what she does .
this could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more , i think .
yes !
so it is said that it is common , both to the people and the people .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter and it can take many forms that some of which are a little more calm , imaginative , curious , curious perhaps to discover the wonder again .
and i would like to show you that this is a , this is a , this is a , this is a , a young , young female , and she is playing with water .
i think , just like you , we sometimes play alone , we sometimes play alone , and we sometimes the limits of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that makes us do our research and interact , and the unexpected , which we create is the real source of creativity .
this is just a little taste of the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
but they also keep a secret a secret to our future , a future in which we must adapt to the growing challenges , with greater creativity and more powerful cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills
in other words , the game is the game of the game .
in order to successfully adapt to a more successful world we must play
but are we going to make the best of what is the best of what is the best of what is the best of what is the best of what is the best of what is the best of our own ?
play is not a silly game
but essential .
for a man , for a man , for a man of equal , life is not a matter of teeth and claws .
just when it seems to be hardly in the right place play may be the most important game
and so , my , my , my , my , my , let us embrace this gift of evolution and to play together , while we , the creativity , the camaraderie and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to meet two couples , in ' 79 in ' 79 , on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each one a baby is okay .
so two pair , each one a baby .
now i do not want you to use too much time to imagine the conception , because if you imagine the conception all the time , you will not listen .
imagine that for just a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in one case , in a case , the sperm , the sperm is a y , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and in the other , in the other case , the sperm is an x chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
both of them are , they are , they both are .
we 'll get back to these people later .
in most of my work , i have two hats .
i , under a hat , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i am i i am a i have been studying , and in this case , i am studying how humans , with anatomy , how human body , animal body , and animal body and body , with body , with body , with body fluid ,
the other hat i wore in my work , is the activist , the activist , as an activist , or , as i sometimes say , as a lawyer , a lawyer of people who are patients of doctors .
in this case , i have worked with people who have , who have , who have , who have , who question social standards .
so i , for example , worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
i have worked with men who have worked with men who have been with men who have been less than usual
and very often , i have worked with a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very often , i have worked with a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and as a common term , we can use the word " the word " .
it seems that in many different forms ,
i just want to give you a few examples of the possible type of the type of type that doesn 't match the male or female standard .
in one case , you may have someone with a xy a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
and that 's why the testicles in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the ,
but because this individual is missing the receptors , so he can see the testosterone , the body does not react to the testosterone .
and that 's what they call " the " .
so much testosterone , but no reaction .
as a consequence , the body is more evolved to follow the typical female course .
when the child is born she looks like a girl
she is a girl she is raised as a girl
but it takes most of the time to reach puberty and her breasts grow and grow , but she doesn 't get her period until someone thinks that something is different here .
and they run a few tests and they find that instead of ovaries and womb , she is , in fact , a pair of testicles and that she has a y chromosome .
it is important to understand that it is important to understand that this person is , in fact , a male , but they are not really .
women , like men , like men , have something in our bodies , that is called a
they are in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands , the adrenal glands , and the adrenal glands , and the , uh , the adrenal glands , they , uh , they , they , uh , they , they , uh , they , they , they , uh , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they
most women , as i i i think i am a typical woman i don 't know my true love , but i think that i probably have the typical , i think most women like me , are actually speaking to the
we are making the we , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we
the result is that someone like me , who , like me , has actually got a brain that has , in fact , been more exposed than a woman who was born with testicles , and has a penis .
so sex is a really complicated sex , but not only are in the middle of the middle of the spectrum of sex in a certain way , they can be spread all over the bandwidth ,
he had an extreme form of a congenital heart condition .
he has taken in xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so strongly active that they essentially created a male , male ,
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was subject to the more mature male part of the male .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy , no one knew anything .
and only when he was 19 years old , he had enough medical problems , in fact , because he , in the inside , the doctors found out that he was female inside .
okay , just one more quick example for a version of , like , a version of , you know , a ...
some people , with xx chromosomes , develop something which is called the , which is , in which it is , in which , in which it is ,
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason why children , with this kind of body , it is that it is that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is not , that it is not , that it is , that it is , that it is , for their physical health and health ,
in many cases these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why you are often handled by different types of surgical procedures , is because you threaten our social groups .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , a certain , uh ,
so we have the concept that to be a woman is to have a woman 's identity , to be a black person , is to say that to have an african anatomy , to have to have a woman 's , to have a history .
so we have this terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible idea .
and when we are faced with a body which is , in fact , something very different for us , it is that we are , in the mind of this .
so in our culture we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born who are two people in one body
as i had seen the most of the excitement lately , the south african runner caster caster who , last year , whose sex was questioned at the world championship in berlin .
many journalists have called me to ask , " what test will you take , who will tell us if caster who is female or male ?
and i had to explain to journalists that there is no such test
we now know that gender is complicated enough that we must admit that nature is not a line between male and female , or between male and male and female , and female , and female and female , we are we who , these are ,
and it is not only about sex .
it also applies to race , which is , in fact , a much more complicated than the terms of our terminology .
in our mind , we are in all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
we , for example , would like to point to the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimps .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we , from them , are but a few different from you ?
as we continue to advance our science , we are increasingly in a zone of the where we must recognize that the , the most , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we see that in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas in which we see this , in our today 's culture , in today 's united states , the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult talks about , at which point a body becomes a man , so that he has a different right than life .
we have very , very , very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as public as in medicine as in when when someone is dead .
our ancestors had never once had so hard to fight the question of when someone was dead
at the most they held a feather in someone 's nose , and if it moved , they still haven 't buried it .
when she no longer moved , she was buried
but today , today we are in a situation where we , human beings , we , human beings , are to remove the vital organs of the human body and to transplant to others .
and we are caught in the struggle with the really difficult question of when someone is dead , and that puts us in a very difficult situation where we no longer have as simple as before .
now , you could now imagine that all of the falling out of the categories of someone like me would make you truly happy .
i am politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i must admit it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are more and more uncertain than we thought , it makes me tense .
and it makes me very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
so , to tell you about this tension , i must first admit that i am a big fan of the founding fathers .
i know that you were a you , i know that you were a you , but you were great .
i think that you were so brave and so strong , and so radical in what you did that every couple of years i find myself looking at the musical in 1776 and it is not because of the music that is completely forgotten
it is because of what happened in 1776 with the in 1776 .
the founding fathers , from my point of view , were the original , the original , the original , the , the , the ,
what it was , what it was , was , was , was , was a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was , in fact , based on a very fundamental concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on the dna , but they had a concept of the concept of the concept .
they had a concept of blue blood
they felt that people who had political power should have this political power , because of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new and a new and the concept said that all men were created equal .
they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
and now they did that part because they were part of a system that had two things together .
democracy was growing , but at the same time , science was growing .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it is clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in the concept of a more modern world .
they went away from explanations of supernatural nature , and they explained things , like a supernatural concept of power , back , where the transfer was based on a very vague form of birthright .
they were moving to a very , very , very , very concept .
and when , for example , when you look at the declaration of independence they talk about nature and the god of nature .
they do not speak of god and the nature of god .
they talk of nature 's power to tell us who we are
and as part of it , they gave us a concept that was a concept that was something of more common in common .
and with that you , in a really wonderful way , have prepared the future civil rights movement .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years later ?
and women , they were successful .
next came the successful civil rights movement , where we people saw , like , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the ranks of the men who say , " i am a man . "
again , people of different colour , who , on different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different ,
we see the same the same thing at the same time .
of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all the common , we must begin to question why we maintain certain breakups .
now , , mind you , i would like to maintain certain breakups , anatomically , in our culture .
i , for example , would not give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should take a distance from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that 5 year 5 girls should have the right to give their consent to sex or to marry
so , there are a few , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many
but the challenge is to try to find out what it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
so let we return to these two creatures who were conceived at the start of the day .
we have two creatures , both conceived in the middle of 1979 in the exact same day .
let we imagine that one of you , maria , was born three months early , was born on june 1 june 1 , 1980
henry , on the other side , is born to be born , born on march 1 , 1980
just because of the fact that maria was born three months before she was born three months before she , she , who , for three months before henry , has the right to have sex , the right to choose to drink .
heinrich has to wait for all this , not because he has , in fact , a different biological age , only because he is born , because he is born .
we can find other other ways to deal with what are your rights .
heinrich , since it is believed that he is a male , though i have not told you that he is the , he is the , he is , he is , he is a man , he can now be moved in , which maria has nothing to worry about
maria , on the other hand , can not , in all the states , can not , in all the states , can not , in all of the states , have the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few countries today .
so , we have these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , permanent , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
and for me , the question is , what will we do , since our science has made so much progress in the anatomy of the anatomy that we have to reach a point where we must admit that a democracy , that is based on the anatomy ,
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes it feels like science has its own .
so where are we going ?
it it seems that our culture is a sort of a practical , a sort of a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
but a lot of people get caught up in a very strange position .
so , for example , at one point , at one point , texas has decided that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
now , in practice , people are not tested for their test results .
but it is also also very bizarre , because of the story i told you about the , uh , the , uh ...
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , in his " i have a dream , " he offers us a solution .
he says that we should not judge people not by the color of their skin , but by the nature of their character , and so beyond the anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i would also like to say that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
so , how are we to question the nature of the character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me wonders , what if the contents of a personality were something that in the future , in the future , would be , in the form of a which , in the future , would be made visible ,
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader of the united states , thinking about the questions of democracy
in our struggle for democracy , we have done our thing well , and i think we would do our things well in the future
the conditions of this nature do not exist among us .
i am glad to say that we do not have this situation , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who had brought a few siamese twins with him to separate them , to make a name
i said to him , " now have you considered political asylum instead of an operation to separate them ? "
the united states of the united states offers an incredible opportunity to allow people to be who they are , who they are , without change for the sake of the state .
that 's why i think we must be the lead
well , just to close , i would like to know that i have talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy could look like , or could have looked , if we had the mothers involved more .
and i would like to say something that , for a a feminist , is a bit radical , and i think that there could be many different types of insights that could come from different types of the anatomy ,
for years , for years , since i was interested in , i have also been interested in research in the field of the
and one of the things that i find very interesting is the difference between men and women in the way they think and in the world .
what we have learned from the study we have learned is that women , on average women , not everyone , but on average , are more likely to have complex social social relationships and care for people who are vulnerable within the group ,
and so when we think about it we have an interesting situation ahead of us
years ago , years ago , when i was making a film , i was asked by one of my friends , who knew my interest in feminism i thought i was a feminist , so do it a really strange question .
he said , " tell me , tell me , what is female in feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i ever heard .
in feminism it is about the racial stereotypes of gender equality is not female .
but the more i thought about his question the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism
it is said that there may be something , on average , that women 's brains are different from male , which makes us more attentive to the more attentive social relationships , and more attentive , to provide for the
and perhaps it is perhaps that where we must go in the future , when we , in the future , we , democracy of anatomy , we think less about the individual body and more about identity and think more about relationships .
so that if we , as a people , we , as a people , try to make a more intimate connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i am jessi and this is my suitcase
but before i show you what i have in it , i will make a very public confession and this is i am obsessed with outfits .
i love to , every chance i get , to find , to wear , to wear , to wear , to take pictures and to blog and to blog .
but i don 't buy anything new .
i get all of my clothes from the second hand on the second hand , and i get all my clothes on the second hand , on the second hand , and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
i , therefore , allow me to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and also my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people , my dollars are usually for a good cause , i look quite unique , and it does shopping for my very own personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what will i find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
when all the answers say yes i feel as if i have won
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i have packed for this exciting week here with ted .
i mean , what does anyone bring with so many outfits ?
so i will show you exactly what i have brought
i brought seven pairs of panties and that 's all .
panties for exactly one week are all i put in my suitcase
i bet that i could find anything else i wanted to wear , if i came to palm springs .
and since you have not heard of me as the woman who is walking around here with ted in her underwear that means i found some things .
and i want to show you my outfits for this week
does that sound good ?
while i do so , i will also give you some of the lessons that i , whether you believe it or not , from these adventures i have learned not to wear anything new
let 's start with sunday .
that 's what i call the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than $ 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket , it cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive one i 've worn this week .
on monday , color is a bit of colour .
it 's almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're wearing your trousers .
when you 're happy you attract other happy people
tuesday , the adaptation is highly overrated .
i have spent a lot of the time of my life trying to be myself and to fit in at the same time .
just be who you are .
when you surround yourself with the right people , you will not only understand , you will also appreciate it .
wednesday , you embrace your inner child .
sometimes people sometimes tell me that i look like i play " dress up " or that i remind them of their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost certainly you .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me , day after day
but only when i was 30 i really understood what that means
and i will sum it up for you .
if you believe that you are a wonderful person inside and outside , there is nothing you cannot wear .
there is no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
on friday , a universal truth , a universal truth , five words , " golden , "
and finally , finally , saturday , to create your own unique , unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you and not to say a word .
it was proved to me over and over and over again that this week when people came to me this week just because of what i was wearing and i had great talks .
obviously it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so , before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm going to give it all back .
because the lesson that i myself try to learn this week is that it 's okay to let go
i don 't have to i don 't have to do these things emotionally , because right around the corner there will always be another crazy , bright , bright , shining outfit that only waiting for me when i have a little love in my heart and i look for
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , everyone .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a , as a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
this is what we in our lab , in our laboratory , we call the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
let me tell you a little about it .
some time ago it was that if you wanted to win a formula one race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
you would call this , you , in this , in this , in this , you would call this a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
and , basically , it is a system that consists of two parts a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
what is interesting these days is the most interesting is that we are beginning in our lives
our cities have been , for the past few years , just equipped with networks and electronics .
they become computers in the open .
and as computers in the open , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
when we make up cities , it is indeed a big thing .
by the way , i would like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the world 's population live there .
they are 75 % of the oxygen , causing up to 80 % of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities beyond the cities , take all this , and power into objects of everyday life .
this is from an exhibition that will be arranged for at the later the next year , during the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , we start to speak back to us .
in a sense in a sense , it is almost as if every atom out there , out there , becomes both , a sensor , and a satellite .
and this changes radically the interaction we humans have with our environment outside .
in a way , it 's almost as if the old michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , for the very first time today our environment begins to answer to us .
i will only show you a few examples of , once again , with the idea to exercise our environment and power .
let us begin to perceive .
now , the first project i would like to introduce to you is , in truth , one of the first in our lab .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer
it was when italy won the victory .
some of you will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then at the end of it , the head head .
anyway , italy won in the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity that happens on the network .
here you see the city .
they see in the centre the the colosseum , the river the tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see up there the time line .
early in the afternoon , people here and there , making phone calls and moving .
the game begins - silence
france makes a goal , italy makes a goal
halftime , people make a quick call , go to the toilet .
second half .
first extension , second .
in a moment , the head head .
italy wins .
well , on that night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , they all went to the center to meet the prime minister and the prime minister at the same time .
and then they all went down .
you see the picture of the place , massimo , where , since roman times , people go to party , to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , this is just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't , a few years ago .
another example , another example for feel , this is not for men , but for things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that will show you all the chips that a mac computer is , how they came together .
but we know very little about where things go
so in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with a few volunteers who helped us a little more than a year ago , in seattle , to mark the things that they did , different ways of things that they could see , things that they would throw away .
then we put the little chips , the little ones , the little ones , put them on the garbage , and we started to follow it .
here are the results we just received .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with this information , we realized that there are a lot of ...
in fact , we can do the same things with less energy .
the data was not available before .
but that happens a lot of useless , useless transportation and complicated things .
but the other thing is that we believe that if we see every day every day that the cup that we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it is still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we throw away every day we still have to stay there
and if we show that to the people , then we can , we can , we can , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could ,
so this is the reason for this project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in spain , a few years ago .
it began with a question from the mayor , who came to us and said that spain and spain , and spain , and the , and the , the , the , the , the , you know , have a great tradition of using water in public places water as part of architecture .
and the question was , how can you connect technology , new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was the one that was the one that was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the
they cause , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , a , like , a ... like , a ... like , like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like a ... like , a ... like a
when these , when they fall down , they can write on it , they can write patterns , pictures , text .
and you can approach him , and he will open up to let you , as you can see in this picture .
well , we have introduced to the mayor , the mayor ,
he liked it very much .
and we were hired to design a building at the expo expo ' entrance
we used to call it the digital water .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to reduce the needle , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who wonders what happens inside .
and here you see me , when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not to get wet .
well , should i tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but , in fact , that night , it was more fun .
all the children from the west of the west , came to the building , because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let it enter , but a building that still had pause and holes in the water , you had to jump now without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , an engineer , a designer , we always think about how people who use things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that is the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with humans .
here is now a picture of the building , with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this is what brought us to think about the following project i now show you .
imagine if you could imagine , if you can imagine , that you could really start flying .
imagine if you could have little helicopters that could fly through the air , and each of you with a little light , with a little light , like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving in with others , totally in sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have a sort of a ... a sort of ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
or irregular , but in three dimensions , in which what changes , is the light , is not the position of the sun .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine , in front of the screen could just appear in different sizes or different sizes in different sizes in different sizes .
but then this could all be just a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
here you see , a real , a real , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
if you turn on the light , it looks like it , just like we saw before .
imagine that each and every one of men is controlled .
it could be that every single , every single , every single , every single , every single impulse that comes from people , from the movements of man or something .
i want to show you something here first .
we have been working with roberto , one of the best ballet dancers of our time , at the the metropolitan theater in new york , and at the la scala in milan , we have recorded his movements in 3d , to use it as an
here you see roberto dance .
on the left , on the left side , you can see the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
at the same time , it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ...
so they can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all of us , once we have all of them , they can play with it , and with color , they can play gravity , and with the color , and with the color of the ,
this is what we would like to use as a possible ... a possible impulse for the ...
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it is something that we work for the olympic games in london .
it is called the cloud the cloud
the idea , in turn , is to think , that we bring people back in to do something and change the environment , almost as we call it , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to do , to , to , to , to do , to change , and to change , to , to change , to change , to change , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to ,
imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity for a charity .
i think that the most remarkable of what has happened in the last few years , for the last decades , has been that we have , from a physical to a digital world .
it has digital everything , knowledge , and it has it all , it has it , it has it , it has it all , it has it , it has it , it has it , it has it , it has it has it , it has it has it has it has everything , it has everything , everything , everything , everything , everything , it , it , it , it , it , it , it has , it , it , it , it , it , it has , it has
today , for the first time today , for the first time , and the obama 's campaign , we can , from the digital world , from which the more powerful forces of the networks to the physical world .
it can be , in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol .
it means something built in the city .
but tomorrow it can , tomorrow , to face the challenges to come , think of climate change or co2 emissions , how can we change from the digital world to the physical .
so the idea is that we , in fact , involve the people in which they do things together , collectively do things .
the cloud is once again a cloud of dust , in the same way a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of dust .
it is a it is a it is a it of a the most beautiful shape in london , but it is covered in gold .
they can move on the inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can , in fact , you can look at it from down below , share the most important moments of the time in the world for the olympic in 2012 , and use it as a form of the union to the community .
so both , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you can go in .
and a kind of a digital lighthouse in the night , but as a , a new kind of experience for all who want to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , it is very important to me .
through my work i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica , almost 10 years ago , i was in antarctica , where i saw my first ice .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i felt dizzy while i was trying to grasp what was before me
the ice , around me , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow , the snow ,
icebergs are born to be the calf of a mountain , or by breaking out from out of the sea .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact in a distinct way with their surroundings and their experiences .
some who refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can no longer endure , and in a fit of of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they are isolated , separated and alone , as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i breathe in the air of its own .
while the iceberg melts , it releases the drink of water that feeds many forms of life .
i , i , in my recordings of these , i , in my , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , i , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these
it is not death when they melt , it is not an end , but a continuation of its life , along the life cycle .
a part of the ice in the ice in the ice which i have , is very young , a few thousand years old .
and a part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
the last images i would like to show you , show an iceberg , which i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it 's very rare to actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here you see now .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please watch for the the shape of the iceberg , and where it is located on the surface .
you can see here , it starts to roll , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is there .
that 's the average size of a average , average size .
it rises about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg will show you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly , truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked for was this guy .
his name is .
he was one of the leading ' the ' 80s .
then one day , one day , he came back running and he said , " pop , my legs tingle . "
and that was the when that was .
today , in this day and age ,
he can only use his eyes .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design and design , so graffiti is necessarily a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
we have therefore decided to support tony , and to support his cause .
i met with his father and his brother , and i said , " we will give you this money
what will you do with it ?
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony .
i just want to be with him again , and i said , " wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait
and he said , " no , no , no , only if you are to be one of the higher and have a remarkable insurance , you can really do that .
ordinary people , these devices are not available .
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen the " butterfly butterfly butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - that 's how their fingers run along .
i said , " how can it be ?
so i came with the need to just write a check and instead i wrote a check that i had no idea how to cash .
" because it is a farce that someone who , who yet , who still has it , cannot communicate it . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people from the graffiti , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then to draw on it with a ... a ... with a ...
so they move around , and they do like this .
they say that all the things that are reported up there , follow a life cycle .
it starts with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
but there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
this was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we have achieved some things .
first of all , we have the insurance company the doors , and we have , in fact , received a device that he can communicate with - - a stephen stephen a .
that was incredible .
i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i am so not , i am not , this guy is unbelievable . "
also , we have brought in seven of us ... from all over the world ... literally from all over the world ... to our home .
my wife , my children , my children and i have moved into the garage , and these hackers and the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
many of our friends thought that we would be stupid to do this and that we would do it and that all the pictures on the walls of the wall had gone
but for more than two weeks , we have programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog and we created this .
it 's called a " a " and you can see the description .
it 's a cheap , cheap sunglasses we bought on the boardwalk from venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a satellite , we took it , we put it , we put it on a satellite , and now we have a device that is available , you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free to download the software for free
so we have created a device that is completely free of its limitations .
no insurance , no insurance .
no hospital .
any cripple can now , in fact , communicate with his eyes or draw alone with his eyes .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
at the end of the two weeks at the end of the two weeks , so we went back to the room in the same room .
i love this picture because it is someone else 's room and this is his room
there is now all this carnival , before the great revelation
and after over over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the
and this is an impressive picture , because this is his life support , and he looks beyond his life support .
we have his bed so he can look outside .
we have put a projector up against a wall of the , uh , in front of the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time again , in the presence of his family and friends , and you can only imagine how it felt in the parking lot .
the funny thing is , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt like we were , you know , a part of the ...
at the end , he sent us an e-mail with the following : " for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i feel like i was pushed under water and finally someone reached down and pulled my head up so i could breathe .
isn 't it magnificent ?
it 's something like our ...
it keeps us in line , it keeps us in line , and it keeps us growing .
and we have much to improve on this .
it 's an amazing device , it 's an amazing device , but it 's the same for an it .
and someone who has such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we are about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we have received all forms of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it is free of charge , none of us deserve .
it all comes from our own pockets .
" oh , that 's fantastic . "
and then , in december , in december , we were honored to be one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 which was really great .
the coolest thing about it is , and that the whole circle , that this april , at the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' , ' there will be an art of the ' the '
and there , there , there will be the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
i 'm gonna be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
if you see something that is impossible , make it possible .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
make it possible - all of you here
i am not a computer programmer , and i have never had anything to do with anything , but i have just something i have , and i have surrounded myself with amazing people , so that we could work together .
and this is a question that each and every one of you must ask each and every one of you every day that you see something that must be done , if not now , when , and if not me , who ?
thank you .
well , i write for children , and i 'm probably america 's most , most , most of america 's most , most , most , most of all ,
and i always tell people that i don 't want to come like a scientist
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen a farmer .
today i would like to tell you about circles and revelations .
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you drop it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends , one of my friends did it - -
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle began back in the ' 60s at the high school in ' 60s , in ' 60s , in ' 01 , ' ohio , ' where i was the ' n ' .
i was i was the one who was beaten black and blue every week in the black and blue every week , until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teachers ' lounge .
she did it in secret
she did it for three years
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me in san francisco in california i found a lover , and then in the ' 80s i thought it was important to take a job at the
about three or four years ago in the middle of the night , i received a call from this teacher , a woman who said ,
i am sad that we have never known each other as adults
can you please come to ohio , and please come along with the man i know you have found him .
and i should mention to you that i have , and that i want you to please hurry
well , the next day we were in cleveland the next day .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried and we knew that she should be in a hospice
we found one for you , we took you there , we took care of you , we took care of your family , and we took care of your family , because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation of which i have spoken
the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she saved my life and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i am so glad that it has so often been mentioned here .
he needs , too , he needs dignity , love and pleasure and it is for us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a big explosion , while you go up to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
think of an engine , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap !
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place on that day , i was sitting on , i was sitting on ,
i was the only one who could speak to the other .
so i looked at you and you said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened .
the pilot set up the plane after the hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
can you imagine a plane that 's a plane that 's a plane ?
and then he said three words , three words , the most words i have ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't have to talk to the manager .
i could see it in her eyes , in her eyes , in terror , life was the end
i now would now like to tell you three things that i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in one moment everything is different
while i thought about it later , i thought i remembered a saying , " i collect bad wines "
when the wine is ready and the person is there i open it
i don 't ever want to move anything ever again in my life
and this urgency , this purpose has really changed my life
the second thing that i learned that day and that was , when we missed the george washington bridge , i missed it by a very close hair i thought , man , there is one thing i truly regret
i had a good life .
in my own , in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i wanted to become better , in everything that i have .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and i was thinking about my relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and afterwards , when i thought about it i decided to rid myself of negative energy from my life
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't fought with my wife for two years .
it feels great .
i no longer try not to be right i choose to be happy
the third thing i have learned while the inside clock , " 3 , 2 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 3 ,
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up in the air
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as it is known in documentaries .
while we were falling , i had this feeling , man , to die is not terrifying .
it 's almost as if we were preparing for it all our lives
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go i love my life
and this sadness , it was in a thought that i had only one wish
i just wish i could watch my children grow up
about a month after that , i went to my daughter 's first year , not much of the artistic talent .
not yet .
i cry like a little child
and everything in the world made sense to me .
i realized then that i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
more than anything , everything else my only goal in life is to be a good father
i have been given the wonder of not to die that day
i have received another gift , to look into the future and come back and live differently
my call to all those who are flying today is imagine that the same will happen on your flight , do not , but imagine , and how would you change ?
what would you do , what would you do , that you delay , because you think you will be there forever ?
how would you change your relationship and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything else , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the idea behind the , uh ,
we don 't want iran to make the bomb .
the most important job there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear weapons in the nuclear world .
the gray boxes you see here , these are the boxes .
now , if we now manage to compromise the systems which control the power and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these grey boxes don 't run with , they don 't , they are based on a completely different technology .
but if we can , if we can , that an effective and effective and effective , you will be on a laptop used by a computer used by a computer , used by a computer , to configure this gray box , we are in business .
and this is the planning behind the back .
so we 'll start with a ...
the transfer of the transfer into the gray box , damage the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear program is delayed - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
six months ago , when we began our research , we had no idea what was the purpose and purpose of this .
the only thing we all knew is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and it seemed to be something a little more , with these grey boxes , these , these , these , uh , these , these , uh , these , these , uh , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these
it aroused our attention , and we began a project in which we began a project where we infected our environment with the infected and examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he was like a lab rat , who didn 't like our cheese , he was , but he wouldn 't eat it .
it made no sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different types of cheese , i thought this was a targeted attack .
fully focused on a specific target .
even if the special , the special , the special , the special , which is the , uh , the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and if he doesn 't , then he does nothing .
so , this really , really got my interest , and we started to work almost 24 / 7 because i thought , well , we don 't know what the goal is .
it could , for example , be , say , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
so we better soon find out what the target is .
so we then we then we then we then we then , we then , we then we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and we also noticed that they were very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
they knew every bits and bytes they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and since you have now heard that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
it is much more challenging than anything we have ever seen .
here you can see a clip from this ...
we are talking about - - about 15,000 lines code .
it looks pretty much like the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out this code .
so , what we were first looking for were the first , we were the first to call , because we know what they do .
and then we went to look for , and then we went to look for , and we tried to connect this to the real world , to connect this to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we had to have theories about these targets , which we could prove or disprove .
in order to set these theories , we call to remember that it is definitely sabotage , it must be a high-value target , and most likely it is in iran because most of the infection has been reported .
well , in this area , there are not many thousand targets .
basically , it comes down to the nuclear power plant , and to the nuclear power plant in the nuclear plant .
so i i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts who have all the power and power stations from our client base . "
and i called her , and i called her , and i called her to check her knowledge of what we had found in the code and in the data .
and it worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead with the nuclear device .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object that you see .
and when you manipulate the speed of this , you can , in fact , you are able to crack the rotor , and , finally , to explode the centrifuge .
what we have also discovered is that the purpose of the attack was indeed , to let it happen slowly and very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
the big digital warhead we have received an insight by studying very carefully data and data carefully carefully carefully carefully carefully .
so , for example , the number 164 is very much out of this code , you can 't miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature , about how these are built in the factory , and i found that they are structured in what is called a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
so that made sense , it was a match .
and it got even better .
these terrorist groups in iran have been divided into 15 or so .
and guess what we found in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
an almost identical structure .
once again , it was a really good match .
and this has given us great confidence in what we have been here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just .
these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often often we ran into a dead end and we had to regroup .
in any case , we have found that both digital warheads are , in fact , the same target , but from different directions .
the small warhead will take a cascade , and the rotors will slow it down , and the large warhead will , with six nuclear warheads ,
so , in all , we are very , very confident that we , in fact , have what the goal is .
it 's just , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by a target .
here 's some really cool stuff that we 've discovered , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really .
down there , there is the gray box down there , and up there , you can see the ...
well , what this thing does is that it intercepts the incoming sensor readings from the sensors , for example , from the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , and the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and , in fact , this , this false , incoming data is already recorded by the
so it is just as it is in the same as it is in the same as in , where , during the car chase , the surveillance camera is being fed with a video camera that has been used
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this , obviously , is not just to outwit the control systems .
in fact , it is even more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to outwit a digital security system .
we need a digital security system , where a man can 't react fast enough .
so , in a power plant , for example , when the big , the big , fast , you have to open up , like , in , like , in , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
of course , of course , this cannot be done by a man of the human mind .
so this is where we need digital security .
and if they are in danger , then really bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the security cameras nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i say now is very important .
think about it , this attack is the most dangerous .
he has nothing special to do with anything special , with a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
so , for example , for example , it would work just as well in a power plant or in a power plant .
it 's a ...
and you don 't have to , as the assailant , you don 't have to put the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you could also use ordinary , ordinary , ordinary , everyday technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , when you do , you finally get a more powerful weapon of mass destruction .
that is the consequence we must face .
so , unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the middle east .
they lie in the united states in europe and japan
so , all these green areas , these are the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we have to face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there has been a lot of reports that people believe that the mossad is the one behind .
do you agree ?
okay , you really want to know ?
okay .
in my opinion , in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the absolute superpower .
there is only one , and these are the united states for happiness , fortunately .
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for scaring the shit out of us .
i have spent the last few years , i have spent the last few years trying to place myself in situations that are usually very difficult and dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison .
i was working in a coal mine , i was a very dangerous man .
i was in a film i was in a film in a film in a film called " heavy and dangerous . "
and i have spent 30 days , for nothing but this to eat , to eat , to eat , to eat , fun at first , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so , when i knew that i would come here to look at the world of the world of the world of the and of the , i knew i would do something a little different .
some of you may have heard that a few weeks ago i put an ad on ebay .
i have sent out a few of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , some
but other than that , it is a very good , very good opportunity .
do you know how many people look at these ?
a lot .
by the way , it 's just a working title .
so , in spite of this warning , i knew that someone would buy the
if you had asked me this a year ago a year ago , i would not have been able to tell you with certainty .
but in this new project i 'm working on , my new film , we are investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
as i was saying , over the years , over the years , i have gone to some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is to do a film about a product production , marketing , marketing and advertising , and the whole film is being financed by product production , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called " the greatest movie ever paid " .
so what happens in " the greatest movie ever paid " is that everything , from top to bottom , from top to bottom , from the beginning to the end , with brands are made by the
now , this brand , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
these people will forever be connected to this film forever forever .
and so the film will examine this whole idea that is what , forever , forever , forever ?
i am a person who is a person who is a person i am .
that was more for emphasis .
it was " forever , forever , forever . "
but not only will we not only have the brand " x " , but we will make sure that we will sell every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we can sell a shoe and it will be the greatest shoe you have ever worn
the greatest car you have ever driven from the greatest movie ever paid the greatest , the greatest drink you have ever had , courtesy of the greatest movie ever paid .
so the idea is , apart from showing that brands are a part of life , in fact , to get them to finance the film ?
and we , in fact , show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
you will see the whole thing go in the film of the
so this is the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i would , i would i would be happy to , if i could help you to do this .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it is the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have a perspective i don 't want to use " point of view " , because that has a negative , but do you know how it will develop ?
how much money will it take to realize ?
1.5 million .
i think it will be difficult to meet you , but i think it is definitely worth it to speak to some very , very , very , very familiar brands .
who knows , when the film comes out , we may look like a bunch of idiots .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the film or is it a difficult thing because of me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
i need help
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we have to figure out which brands .
yeah .
when you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn the camera off " would mean that we were going to have a ...
it turns out that it really meant that we don 't want to have anything to do with your film
and just like that , all these companies disappeared , one after another .
nobody wanted anything to do with the film .
i was surprised .
you wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this new , new and old , new , and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , new , modern world , in today 's world , in this , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new , new ,
no , that was what i thought .
but , you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal error and this was this .
actually , no , that wasn 't the fault at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem
you see , when you , when you enter transparency with the , you see , the , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like your kind , sergey , i really like you .
that was the problem , the problem is that the transparency of deceit and deception , is to simply discover and to see through , and immediately to be understood ,
you know , we are hearing a lot about transparency now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceos say it
but when it comes to that it is to be moved , something changes .
well , transparency is scary as this strange , strange , strange bear who still screams .
she is , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , this strange road .
and it is also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story they said , " no , we want you to tell a story
we want you to tell a story but we just want you to tell our story
you see , when i was a child and my father caught me lying and there he sits , looking at me with that look he would say , " my son , there are three versions in each story
there is your version , there is my version , and there is the true version .
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true story .
so what they began suddenly to understand , what i began to understand was that when you start to talk to these companies , the idea of how your brand is understood is a comprehensive problem
i have friends who make big , giant , giant , huge , huge , and i have friends who make little , like me .
and my friends , my friends , who make the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , the great , great , the great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great
and then my friends , my friends , my friends , who make little , little , little , little , " well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big ,
and the movie is called " the greatest movie movie ever paid . "
how exactly are we going to see ban in the film ?
every time i go , every time i open the medicine cabinet they will see ban deodorant
and every time i interview someone i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of these great smells .
it is either " the , " or " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , " the , "
we will , we will , for men and for women and for women , we will be , together with a tight , tight , or a stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can now answer all your questions and give you a very , very , very , very , very , very , very good .
we are a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller films , we , as a brand , are a challenger .
so we don 't have a budget like any other .
so to do things like that , you know , remind people of the ban , it 's kind of why we 're interested .
in what words would you describe to ban ?
the ban is no .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way you should describe something that someone will put under their arms .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , " fresh " is a great word , that the category actually makes a bit of a , uh , " a , " as opposed to " fight the smell and the moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , more fresh , more fresh , more fresh , three more fresh .
things like this have a very serious effect .
and this is a ...
what about me ?
i need to speak to the man on the street who is like me ,
i want you to tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your brand ?
hmmm , my brand ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
" ' ' 80s revival meets ' on ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think that the genre , the style that i have , i think is " dark glamour . "
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of black colors , a lot of , you know , a lot of , you know , a lot of , you know , black , you know , a lot of black , you know , you know ,
but usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the brand that i am , i would say , smooth fly .
i don 't know
man 3 : i am the " i am the " i am "
i sell , i sell , i sell , i sell ,
so i think this is my brand .
this is my brand in my little , distorted industry .
man 4 : my badge is fedex , i was shipped to deliver goods .
brand , brand ,
can you ?
i am a lawyer , i am a
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the " i , " we can 't all be the " i , " but i often see myself in the , " the , "
and what i realized was i needed an expert
i needed someone who could get inside my head , someone who could help me to really understand what they call " the " the " .
and so i found a company by the name of a company called olson ,
they have helped companies such as companies , companies such as the , like the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
if you could do it for them , you could help me .
you brought your pictures .
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little , how it is connected to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who shape my , my .
tell me about this world .
i think that the world of your own is the world where you live like people around you , your friends , your family , how you live your life , work and all .
all of these things come and start from a place where i come from and start with my family in west virginia
what is the next you want to talk about ?
this was the happiest day of my life
in what context is that to the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it is what i want to be
i like things that are different .
i like things that are strange i like strange things
tell me about the " why " why , what does she bring us ?
what is the machete , where are you now ?
why is it important , what does the red represent ?
tell me a little about this part .
a little more about you that are not you .
what other tests did you go through ?
what kind of roller coaster are you ?
no thank you
thank you for your patience .
very well .
yeah , i don 't know , i don 't know what will come of it .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that your two and a and two and a , but the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the first thing i saw was the idea that your , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength , instead of both .
what other brands ?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , target , wii , mini from mini cooper 's , and , uh ...
well , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's ,
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to ask you to describe your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , uh , your , your , uh , your , your , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ...
are you something that brings the blood to the blood in the blood ?
or are you more of a " a " ?
are you something a little more quiet , more conservative , more conservative ?
and the things which are playful , as fresh as the fresh prince , new , fashionable , adventurous , and as lovely as flynn , flynn , and agile , agile , and powerful , powerful , and magical and mysterious as gandalf .
or are you more like a ... are you more like a ...
are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , are you , like , are you ?
are they established , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are , are they , are they , are they , are they , are , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they , are they
are they reliable , strong , strong , and good , safe , safe , secure , holy and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
during the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and up and up , and who said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they wanted nothing to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell us the story of the " the story of the " , as we tell the story in this film , that in these days , you use the " the "
we went to sao paulo , where there was no order .
in the whole town , for five years , in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were ,
the most incredible thing for me is that the projects that i got most of the feedback from , or where i had the most success , are the ones where i can do things directly .
and this is what these badges have done
because you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
i will deal directly with the artist .
i will work with him , i will work with him , and i will create something else , something that will make people think , that our world will challenge .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the film at the sundance film festival , we can have a look .
according to the tv news , the premiere was in january , and since then , and it 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million views of this film .
in fact , it only takes about two and a half weeks .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film has not yet been delivered .
it doesn 't even exist online .
he has not yet come out in other countries .
well , after all , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we 've talked to recommended to your clients to keep their hands off .
the one thing i firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you take risks that there are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , the whole company is prepared to make a profit .
i have the feeling that when we move on we must encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people to not be afraid of the possibilities that might scare them .
in the end , in advance we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
please welcome the fear , welcome , welcome the risk .
each a big spoon full , we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , more than ever , a bit of honesty will bring us far .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , " welcome transparency , " was brought to you by my good friends of mine , who , with the , who paid $ 100 million for the
big data is to be turned into great opportunities for organizations all around the world .
" please welcome transparency
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of this , in the name of transparency , what exactly happened to the $ 100 bills ?
that 's a great question .
i , in my pocket , i have a check in my pocket , a check in my pocket , a check for the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ,
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i was doing something different at google , and i suggested to do something with museums and art , and my boss , who is also today , gave me a green light .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will concentrate on the demonstration
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and your access .
i grew up in india .
i have been given a great education i do not complain but i had no access to many museums and art of art
when i was traveling and visiting these museums i began to learn a lot
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this longing , to make art more accessible , with technology .
we then formed a team , a great team , and we began this .
i think i 'll start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so , you just go to a place where you can go .
you can look around in all these museums .
there is the , the moma the moma the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i even come to one of my dearest , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you come in for two for two , very simple
click , and snap , you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you go around and you have fun .
you want to go to the museum ?
open the map and jump with one click .
they 're inside , they want to get to the end of the hall
have fun .
browse .
thank you , but the best will come .
so now , i am now , before one of my favorite , one of my most favorite ,
i see this , i see this .
when the museum gave us the painting , click on it .
this is now one of the pictures .
this here is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i now click away .
this is one of the images that we have been holding with what we call the " the "
this picture , for example , has , like , 10 billion ...
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ?
i will now show you this :
it 's very easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy , i love this guy , his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i went up close , and i slowly began to notice that these kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , i spoke to some of my friends at the met , and i , in fact , found that it was a game called the " the " a " , a " a " a " a "
apparently it was quite popular .
i don 't know why they did it but i learned something about it
to get really close , you can go up to the cracks .
just to give you a little bit more time , i 'll come out and see what you get .
here we were and this is the painting .
the best will come , in a second .
let us quickly jump to the moma , back to new york
another one of my favorites .
the previous example was about finding details .
but what if you want to see the brush strokes ?
and what , when you want to see how , when you want to see how van gogh made this masterpiece ?
you can go in , you can really go in .
i will zoom in on one of my favorite scenes of this picture until i really am with the cracks .
this is , i don 't think i 've ever seen this before .
now i will now show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i have no time .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called collections .
every one of them , every , rich or poor , whether they have a great house , doesn 't matter .
you can go and you can go online and create your own museum , from all these pictures you can build your own collection
simply , you go in , and i have created this , it is the power of the zoom , you can zoom in .
this is the " the " , the " the " the " , the " the " , the " the " , the " the " , the " the " , the " the " the " , the " the "
you can write it all with notes , send to your friends , and such a conversation begins about how you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , for me , the only thing is that all these wonderful things are not from google .
in my opinion , they don 't even come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i do hope that with this digital medium of art , we , with this , we , with this , we , with this digital medium of art , we will , and we will represent you properly online .
and the question is the question the question i ask the other the other day , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a human being ?
the answer to that is no .
it should complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
this is a display of your brain , your brain can be divided into two halves .
this is the left half , which is the logical and then the right half , which is the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the size of each hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , for example , if this someone who is entirely logical .
this would be someone who is completely intuitive .
now , where would you place your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of the extreme , but i think that , for most people in the audience , for most people in the audience , her brain looks like this , with a very high , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
it 's not like you two are exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i think of myself as one of the people , along with the most of the other experimental , which requires a good share of logic to combine the complex ideas .
but at the same time we need a good share of intuition to actually carry out the experiments .
well , we love to play with things .
so we go out and we go out and we play with it and then we see how it reacts and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically they do the same .
so , one of the , uh , one of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
i mean , it may sound strange to think that at the same time a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they were not born with this idea , they developed it .
i remember seeing a child playing on a play on a play on a music show .
he was just a little kid , not very good at it and he was always falling .
but i bet i bet that playing with him taught him a very , very valuable lesson , that the great things that the great things don 't just let you pass and that they stay in one place
and this is a great model of the world , as long as you are not a model .
it would be a terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible , for it would be , for you not to play with , but with these little strange little things .
and when they play with their things , they find all sorts of strange things , like that they fly right through walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
and so you wrote down all of these observations and called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the state of physics a few years ago , it took quantum mechanics to describe the small , tiny little things .
but they didn 't need to be described around the great big everyday objects around us
i didn 't like my intuition , and maybe it was because i don 't play with things too often .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not often .
and i have never seen her before .
i mean , no one has ever seen a particle .
but i didn 't like my logical side .
because if all things are made of particles and all these things follow the rules of quantum mechanics , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i see no reason why it shouldn 't be .
so i would feel , clearly , i would feel much better with the whole thing , if we could somehow , we could , in some way , show that ...
so a few years ago , i decided to do exactly that .
i created one .
this is the first item you can see , which was in the , uh ,
so what we are looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is an image of the object .
we 're looking right here in the center .
and here is a very , very big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we look at is a small piece of metal it is shaped like a stepping stone and it stands over the edge .
so i did this thing in a similar way that you do a computer chip .
i went to a clean , clean room with a new set of new , and a , for a hundred hours , all the big equipment .
for the last time , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool shaped hole and the thing .
this thing has that it has the ability to be in the it , but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all sorts of strange things , but then other people , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother you with it , or , frankly , you , you ,
so , quantum mechanics is saying that the objects that are the same .
the passengers for objects that are not only men , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps by them and the heat of the room
and so , we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal , that this piece of metal , the metal , it was , we had to throw all the other people out .
and that 's what we did then .
we turned off the light , we put it into a vacuum , and we breathed the air out , and it up to now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his movement .
we discovered that it was moving in a strange way .
and instead that it is so calm and calm and so it , the like it was , the like it was , it was like this , like this , like a ... like a ...
in which we gave him a little nudge , we were able to vibrate at the same time and not to vibrate something which is only allowed in quantum mechanics .
what i 'm about to tell you is what is truly fantastic .
what does it mean for an object to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so , the first case , all the trillions of atoms that the piece of metal , that the piece of metal , lie still there , and at the same time the same the same atoms move up and down .
it is only with precise precision , it is consistent .
for the rest of the time , you 'll be a you .
it means that every atom is in two different places at the same time at the same time , which means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think this is really cool .
really .
it was that it was worth it for me to spend all this year in this clean space , for , check it , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places at two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine that at the same time you were in several places at the same time how would that feel ?
how would your conscious mind handle the fact that your body is in the room ?
there is another aspect of the story .
when we saw it , the light , the light and the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to have this new intuition that it looks as if all of the objects in the elevator are really just , like , just , in a small space , that , in a small space together , are like ,
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics say that everything is connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's even more , it goes deeper .
the thing is that these connections , their connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that is the most and the strange and strange of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in the year of 2007 i decided that we should think about economic development as we think about .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they are given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of a handful of different cities all in competition for new people .
right now , we are far from where we are .
there are billions of people , billions of people , who are not even a single city that would welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth so much more than it costs to build .
so we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could , we could ,
this may sound absurd to you , if you have never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just exchange the building of houses for the buildings for the cities .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in apartments would do that , but the other half would not yet .
you could try to expand the capacity of the already existing apartments .
but do you know what you would do , in these apartments , in these houses and in their environment , there are laws to avoid complaints and to distract from the build-up .
so it turns out to be very difficult to fulfill all these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block of flats , provided the laws there would support such a build and not interfere with it .
so i have suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for a city and have given you a name , charter cities .
later later i found that , at about the same time , javier and octavio thinking about the challenges of reform reform in honduras
in the summer of 2009 , in the summer of ' 09 ,
in the next elections , in the next election , pepe lobo , in a change in change , whose program was promised to both new and peaceful .
he asked octavio to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , in the meantime , i was getting ready for a lecture at the
by better , by better , by better , to try , and by the study of the , uh , of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the first point is the importance of laws , the laws , the laws that determine that you are not to be disturbed by the already in existence of the existing world .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress , it requires technology and laws , and it is usually the laws that hold us back .
in the autumn of 2010 , a friend of a friend from guatemala sent the link to the ...
who , in turn , showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let us present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december , in december , in the boardroom at a hotel in miami , in a hotel .
i have tried to make it clear how valuable cities are , how much more precious they are than they cost .
and i have used this graphic , to show how valuable a place like new york is in a place like new york , and remember that in some cases a land is worth thousands of dollars a thousand dollars per square foot .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , in a place where there was a pause , and he said , " paul , paul , could we maybe take a look at the
so i was asked by the president of honduras , who said that we must make this project come to realize that it is important and that this is the way to move our country
i have been asked to come to you , i have been asked to come to you and to give a lecture on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i was giving another full , full , full , full , full of facts , which i have to have a graphic like this , which is trying to make it clear that if you want to make it worth much in a city it must be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of the city of denver , and the diagram represents the new airport that was built in denver .
this airport alone has a area of 100 square miles .
so i was trying to convince the people that if you want to build a new city , you have to start an area of at least a thousand square miles .
that 's more than 250 a thousand tomorrow .
they were all polite , they all applauded .
the faces of the audience , they were very , very , very , very , very serious .
the head of the congress came to the stage and said , " professor romer , thank you very much for your lecture , but perhaps we could look at the
i have it here on my laptop .
so i sat down , and you played the game .
and i have come to come to this new city , that a new city , a new city , a new city , a new place , a new opportunity for people .
there would be a chance to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles from the north .
and a new city , a new city also makes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it can easily reach a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on january 19 , on january 19 , you , in the congress , have voted for a change in the constitution , to have a special order , which is , in order for special ,
in a country that has just had a violent crisis has now passed , in a congress , in the congress , for this is the number of the number 124 in a vote .
all the parties , all the factions , all the factions of society , supported this .
in order to be part of the constitution , it must be approved by congress twice .
on february 17 , february 17 , it was , for the second time , with 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
just after this election , between the 21 st and the 24th of february , a delegation from about 30 was traveling to the two places in the world who were most interested in getting into the business of the
one place is south korea
this is a picture of a big , new , new city center , built in south south south south south south of the city of boston .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place , which was very , very interested in the , uh , the other place , is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china and the third is in preparation .
so , if you , in fact , think about it , is where we are today
you already have a business , and you are already considering this area for the second city .
it has already been worked in a legal system that allows managers to participate , and is also working on an external justice system .
a country has already offered to give to its supreme court , as a court of the supreme court , as a court of the supreme court , the supreme court of the law of the law there .
also , i 'm also very interested in the ...
they even bring in funding .
one thing , as you already know , has already been solved , there are many tenants .
there are many other places that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a place with a place where there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who say that they want to live in a different place .
a million people leave latin america every year and go to the united states
many of them are the fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to do their work , sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to afford food and clothing
unfortunately , sometimes even children are children who try to find their parents , who , in some cases , have not seen for a decade .
so what is the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even to build dozens of these cities , or hundreds of them all around the world ?
so what is the idea , to demand that every family has a choice between a number of cities that are in competition for new people ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras my friends have asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i have recently made a survey with over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions made by a typical american in one day is 70
in addition , recently , a study was recently made with ceo 's , where they watched the ceo for a week .
and these scientists , these scientists have simply documented the various issues that these , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the
and you have found that an average , average ceo is busy doing 39 jobs a week .
each of these subjects , of course , were of many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many ...
50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
only for about 12 % of their choices , they needed an hour or more of their time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes , in the category of the one in the one hour ?
how good do you think you are , are you in to make the decisions ?
today , today i would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern times , the one of the world 's greatest
i would like to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i will ask you some questions and i want to know your answers .
when i ask you a question , raise , since i am blind , only your hand if you want to burn some of the calories .
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear anything about the
thank you .
when i was a junior at stanford university , i went to this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
it was a place called a place called " the "
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water , and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved to go to this business , but at a time i wondered , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here is the olive oil aisle .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those who were locked in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided that one day i decided to go to see the manager and i asked the manager , " does this model , that you give people all these opportunities ?
and he pointed to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose jam for our experiment .
this is your , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
they had 348 different kinds of jam
we set up a small , small , small , small , at the front door of the store .
we have six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we have looked at two things : first , which case would more people stop and try jam ?
more people have stopped , when it was 24 , about 60 % more than when it was six , about 40 % .
and then we saw , in which case , in which case , in which case , people bought a glass of jam .
now we saw the reverse effect .
from the people who stopped when it was 24 , only 3 % actually bought a jar of jam .
from the people who stopped when there were six , well , now we saw that 30 % of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you do the math , people would buy a glass of jam six times more , which they had six to choose , as if they had 24 to choose .
well , to decide not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it is good for our waist , but it turns out that the , uh , the , uh ...
we do not choose not to , even if it is against our own best interests .
so , on the subject of the day , financial savings .
i will now now describe to you a study i , with the i , who i , with the i , who i , with the i , who , with the i , who , with the i , who i , with the i , i , with the i , i , i , with the i , i , i , i , with the i , i , i , with the i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and what we we looked at was whether the number of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , what we looked at was the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the number of the , uh , uh , the ... the ... the ... the ...
and we found that there was indeed a connection .
so , in these plans , we had , we had , like , planned plans that would offer people something between two to 59 different fund .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , the less involved , the less involved , the less involved .
now , if you now look at the extreme , the plans , the two fund , the two fund , in the ' 70s , you still haven 't as high as we want .
in the plans that offered nearly 60 million fund , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now it turns out that even if you are to participate , if there are more opportunities , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to take part , more so that the more opportunity they had , the more they avoided to choose stocks and funds .
the more opportunities available to you , the sooner they put all their money into pure , pure , pure ,
none of these extreme decisions , none of these are the decisions that any of people would recommend , if we value their future financial well-being .
well , for the past ten years , in the last ten years , we have seen in the past three essential negative consequences that the offer of more and more and more .
you push the decision , you push it , even if it is against your own best interest .
you make worse choices , worse choices , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
you prefer to choose things that you do less , even if you make it more objective .
the main reason for this is that we may enjoy to look at these huge shelves full of , mustard , mustard , vinegar , and jam , but we , in fact , we can 't , in fact , draw the , and then we can pick something from the fantastic .
so what i would like to propose to you today is four simple , simple , simple techniques that we have tested in different ways and different ways and in different ways that you can simply use in your business .
first , confine .
you 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today that is less is more .
people are always worried when i say , " confine . "
you always worry that you will lose your job .
when proctor and gamble reduced the different head and shoulders of 26 to 15 at the cost of sales , you experienced a 10 % increase in sales .
when the golden cat corporation of the golden cat corporation sold its 10 , at its worst , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
you know , today , the average , average , average , average , average , now offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart like walmart offers 100,000 products today
but today , the supermarket is a supermarket in the world , and they offer only 1,400 products a kind of tomato sauce in cans .
every single harvard employee , harvard employee , now automatically takes part in a business school .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
these are all important things .
and the first thing i ask the staff is , " tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell them apart , your customers can 't tell them .
well , before we started at noon today , i had a talk with gary .
and gary , gary said that he was ready to offer to all the people in this audience a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the street .
and i would like to read to you .
and now i give you a few seconds to read it and then i ask you to clap when ready to accept gary 's offer
anyone who is willing to accept gary 's offer .
is that everyone ?
all right , let me show you some more of this .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who is ready for this journey ?
i think i might have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , the fact that you , objectively , had more information the first time , than the second time , but i would dare to guess that the second time you felt more real .
because the images made it feel more real to them .
which brings me to the second technique which will help you deal with the problem of the problem of the , the problem of the , the , the , the .
it is about that people , to understand the difference between opportunity and opportunity , must understand what the consequences of the individual and the consequences of those who are , and that these , these , these , these , these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these ... these
why on average why do people spend 15 to 30 % more on average when they use a credit card or a credit card or a credit card more than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out that if you can make something feel concrete , it is a very good tool to make people to save more .
and during this meeting , we have left this meeting just as it was , but we have added a little something .
the little thing that we added was that we asked people to just think of all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
the third technique :
we can better deal with more categories than with more choices .
here , for example , here is a study we did in a study we did in a ...
it it turns out that in the , uh , supermarket , up and down in the northeast area , the number of between , uh , various types of magazines from magazines to magazines up to magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
there are two different sets here .
one is called " jazz " and the other is called " swing "
if you think that if you think that the left is the swing and the right is jazz , then you clap your hands
okay , there are a few .
if you think that the one on the left is jazz , and the one on the right is the swing swing on the right side , please , clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly , highly useless ,
the categories must say something to the people who are not who who provides the choice .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all of these funds
who are you going to tell ?
my fourth technique , a condition for complexity .
it turns out that we can , in fact , handle more information than we think , we just need to simplify .
we must increase the complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let us take a very , very , very complicated decision to buy a car .
here is a german satellite , a german satellite , who offers you the opportunity to complete your car .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .
now , these decisions are now different in the number of choices you offer per decision .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , transmission , transmission , four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order in which the decisions appear .
half of the customers , half of the customers , from the many , many of the many , 56 , to the limited , to the small , four gears .
the other half of the other half of the customers are from the limited means , four gears , to the 56 to the .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you constantly use the " i " to make the decision , it means that you are to be overwhelmed .
what they find out is that the people who , from the many , who , from the many , go to the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
we lose them .
if you go from the little choices you make to the many , you stay with them .
it 's the same information it 's the same number of possibilities
the only thing i have done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the simple , i learn how to learn how to do it
even though even though the gears choose not to tell me nothing about my preferences in the interior it still makes me ready to choose
it also makes me excited about the great product that i have created , and so i am prepared to let it inspire me to be with interest .
let me get this straight .
i have told you of the four techniques , which limit the problem of the - -- - -- - --
each of these techniques that i now describe to you today is to help you manage the opportunities you manage well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service to .
because i believe that the key to the best to the best possible choice is to be picky about choices .
and the more we choose , the more we choose , the better we will be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
i 'm kevin , i 'm kevin , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm
that 's right .
today , today we want to talk about how videos go viral , and then , why it matters at all .
we all want to be celebrities , celebrities , singers , singers , when i was young , it seemed so difficult
but we have , we , or all of our creative work , can become famous in a part of our world 's culture .
every single one of you could be famous on the internet until next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video every minute .
once again , only a small percentage of it will ever go viral and look at thousands of times , at the cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things :
here we go .
oh , my god !
oh my god !
whoa !
you , you !
last year , bear vasquez sent this video that he filmed outside his home in the yosemite national park .
in 2010 it had been seen 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when last summer 's video was the first time popular .
in fact , bear didn 't want to make a video
he just wanted to share a rainbow
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he had loaded up a lot of , you know , a lot of , you know , a lot of , uh ...
and this video had actually been sent in january .
what happened here ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel broadcast the tweet that finally made the video so popular .
because , like jimmy , like jimmy kimmel , we present new and interesting things to us and show to a great audience .
rebecca black " friday " is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it was seen almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like in " double rainbow " , it seems to have come from nothing .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's right .
if you want to know , these other ... these other ... these other ... these ... these other ... these ... these are ... these are ... these other ... these are ... these are ... these are ... these are ...
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it was written on , many blogs started to write about it .
michael j. nelson of mystery science theatre was a first , who , on twitter , made a joke about it .
what is important is that an individual or a group of individuals , a group of individuals , who , by a large audience , shared with a large audience , and thus quickly the process .
then this community formed by people who shared this big inside joke and started talking about it and playing with it .
now there are 10,000 parody of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody of every single day of the week .
unlike in the 20th century 's most joyous entertainment of the 20th century , the participation of the community is our way to become part of this phenomenon , either by spreading it or making something new .
it 's like , " i love you "
that 's it , simple as that .
this year it was watched almost 50 million times .
and if you think that this is crazy , you should know that there is , there is , there is , there is , there is a , that has been watched four million times .
even cats watch this video .
cats watch cats watch cats watch that video .
what is important is , the creativity , which is in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
there have been , uh ...
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire army of the army , shot out of the ground from a stupid joke to something that we can all participate in .
today we don 't just enjoy something , we do it
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black , or " cat " ?
what scripts could you have written , in which it was written ?
in a world where every minute two days of footage is uploaded each minute two days of footage can only truly , truly unique and unexpected and unexpected , like those in the video .
i must admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to look at this great video about a guy who in new york who is protesting parking tickets for bicycles .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't go to the police station , but there are often that the , uh , the ...
since it was a total surprise and a sense of humour , casey casey casey 's funny idea and his argument was seen five million times .
this is a new approach to anything that we do creatively .
and all this will lead us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
as i was saying , one of the world 's greatest stars , justin bieber , started on youtube .
no one has to give green light to your ideas
and today we all feel that we are also the owners of our pop culture
and these are not the characteristics of the old media , and they are hardly the media of today 's media , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story is not over .
she is a puzzle that is yet to be put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the , uh , some of the , uh , some of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
imagine the first play , a man who burns his life 's work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
you must keep him in front of you , in front of the communists in saigon , as he must admit to himself that his life was a waste of his life
the words , for as long as his friends , are now his .
he retreated into the silence .
he died , broken by history .
he is my grandfather
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories
my grandmother never let me forget his life
i had to make sure that it had not been for nothing , and it was my job to learn that the history of history has tried to crush us , but we have survived .
the next the piece of the puzzle is a boat , in the early dawn of the dawn , slowly , at sea .
my mother may was 18 when her father died in an arranged marriage with two little girls
for her , life had given her a task , the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
all adults knew the risks .
they were the most afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother , she had a little ...
if my sister and i had been captured , my sister and my sister would have drunk her and my grandmother .
my first memories are of this boat , the steady , the steady , the steady , the steady , of the engine , the applause of every wave on the bow , the vast and empty horizon .
i do not remember , i do not remember the pirates , who came many many times , but have been deceived by the men on our boat , or the , or the , or the failure of the engine , which , for six hours ,
no apple has ever tasted the same .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in a refugee camp in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations , who together will build a new life .
we settled down in the village of the working class , one of the working class , in the suburbs , where the population is made up of the people of the east .
unlike in the , in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
the smells from the smells from the smells from the smells from the the the from the the the from the the the from the the the the the the the the the the the from the the the the the the the the the the from the the the the the the the the the the the from the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the broken pieces of broken glass were replaced between people who had one thing in common they started again
my mother worked on farms , then on an assembly line in a factory in a factory in a factory factory in six days , double shifts .
somehow she was able to find the time to take the time to learn english and english .
we were poor .
each dollar was assigned to each dollar , and was put into further training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give up , most of which were the new things which always came from second hand
two pairs of socks for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
it was a school uniform up to the ankles , and it had to last six years .
and there were the rare but painful and painful little groups of " the chinese " and here and there , " asian , go home . "
home where ?
something was inside me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation , and a quiet voice said , " i will get out of your way . "
my mother and my sister and i slept in the same bed
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day , and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house
my mother , my mother , she had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
she opened up a business , then she went to a business , and then she started a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and rigid , and their children trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted
centers were built .
i lived in a village .
in one , i was the classic asian student , the classic , asian student , who , in an unrelenting , had the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in the other , i was involved in uncertain lives , with tragic scars of violence , the drug and the isolation .
but so many , so many have been helped over the years .
and because of this help , in my last year , in my last year , i was chosen as the young australian boy of the year .
and i was shot from one piece of piece to the next , and the margins didn 't match .
so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
i was not familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery
i didn 't know how to talk about wine
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it
she reminded me that i was now as old as you when we first got on the boat
no was never a possibility .
" just do it , " she said , " and don 't be what you are not
so i was talking about education and education , and the neglect of youth and die .
and the more i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all of the world , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders of possible .
and even though i had graduated , i realized that i couldn 't reconcile myself with a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and at the same time at the same time i realized that it 's okay to be an outsider , a new new , new in the picture , and not only okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
to belong to belong is so easily to the collapse of the world , it is so easy to accept the assumption of the environment .
i have now , i have now , i have now gone from enough of my time to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as they feared .
the possibilities that would not have been allowed , were specifically encouraged .
there there was an energy , a relentless optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the ...
so i followed my gut .
i have gathered together a small team of people who , for whom the drawer " can not " is not " an irresistible challenge .
for a year , we didn 't have a cent
at the end of one day every day , i made a big pot of soup we shared .
we worked late into the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were a few brilliant and we made a breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the united states ,
after only one journey there .
my gut back .
three months later , i had moved i had moved and the adventure continued
before i finish the lecture i want to tell you about my grandmother
she grew up at a time , in a time when , in a time , the social norm and the local mandarin the most important person .
life hadn 't changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
when she was 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin , whose mother beat her .
without the support of her husband , she made a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case and a greater sensation than she won .
" can 't not " proved not true .
i just took a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died a thousand miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the wall and i saw her on the other side
i knew she had come to say goodbye
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in a buddhist temple in a , in a , we sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and we assured her we were still with her
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin
my mother asked us to touch her hand
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold
" because you have been holding it since this morning , " he said .
" you did not let go of it .
if there is a bond in our family , it goes through women .
when we see who we who we were and how life has made us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have got in our way
defeat would have been too easy .
now i would like to have my own children and i think of the boat
who would ever want one ?
yes , i am afraid of the privilege , of ease , of ease , of ease .
can i give you a bow in your life , who bravely defies each wave , the steady , steady , steady , steady motor , the long , long , long , long horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could , if i could , if i could , if i could deliver it safely , i would .
also , tan 's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i am here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , this is , of course , a picture you can 't take with your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i received my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
i combined it with my previous taste for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera was the process in the planning process .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so for me , the photography seemed to be more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something where the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much more narrow road .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and yet , keep a realistic level .
or pictures like these - - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common purpose of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , of course , she is not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a picture .
photos where you have to think for a moment to find the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is it about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of the end , it is about how we interpret the world and how it can be made in an even more flat space .
it 's not about what is real , but what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple
i see it as a puzzle of reality , where you can take pieces and put together , to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have here three perfectly capable physical objects , with which we can all identify ourselves in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way combined together , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it could exist .
but at the same time we know that is not possible
so we use our brains to outwit our brains , because our brain simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process , the same process , combined with photos .
it 's really all about how to combine different realities
so the things that make a picture look realistic i think they are the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our everyday lives
but if we combine the photos together , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just look wrong somehow .
so i would like to say that there are three simple , simple rules to follow in order to achieve a real result .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
combined but you can create something special like this .
the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
two , the combined photos should have the same , the same .
and these two images , these two , these two , these , these two , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
third , it is about making it impossible to make it impossible to tell , where the individual images begin and end , by connecting them as seamless .
make it impossible to tell how the photo was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that it 's just a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ...
but this picture is , in reality , fully composed from photographs of different places .
i , myself , i , i , i , myself , i , i , myself , i , i , i , myself , i , i , myself , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , myself , i , i , myself , myself , i , i , i , i , myself , myself , i , i , i , myself , i , i , i ,
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew it would take me several months to plan it to find the different places to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for , for example , the fish had the fish had been taken on a fishing boat .
the shore is from another place .
this is from a quarry .
and , yes , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
in order to achieve a more realistic outcome , it is , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of the different images .
and here every piece is very well planned .
and then when you take good shots , the result can be quite beautiful , and also quite realistic .
so all the tools are present , and the only thing that is limited is our imagination .
thank you .
i would like to talk to you about why so many electronic mistakes fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and it is not , in fact , it is not , is it not , is it not , is it , a cup of coffee or a cup of tea , and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ?
and we think , we think we want to think that this is one of the most , why all - - perhaps only most of the electronics of the electronic , because we have stopped listening .
this is my , this is my , this is my , this is a very simple , very simple thing .
she has a button on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and , yes , i have a task , as you might recognize .
i did my job at 95 kg
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and there , they are also called by my , uh , my , uh , my , uh , my , uh , my , uh , my , uh , my , my , uh , my , my , my , uh , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , uh , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
but there is something else .
i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , every morning , i go to my , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i go , i
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure , it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or it could make patients stop smoking .
it could also also be used to get people out of their chairs and get them to play some sort of game together to control their health better .
from next week next week , it goes to the market .
there 's going to be this little , uh , this little , you know , that , uh , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you , you know , you , you know , you know , you know , like , you ... you , you , you know , you know , like , you know , like , like , you know , you know , like , you know , like , like , you know , like , you know , like , you
and it will allow people from home to measure their blood pressure , to send it to their doctor and , for example , share it with others , for something more than $ 100 .
make methods that are easy to use , and start with this one to embrace patients on the team .
and you can do that by such methods , but also by the use of the word .
and one of the things we have done , i would like to share with you through a brief video .
we have all the navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even in our phones .
we know exactly where all the cash machines are all around the world .
we also know where all the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find , we can find .
but where would be the next , to help this patient ?
we asked around and nobody knew .
no one knew where to find the next , the next , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so , what did we do ?
we have set up a web site and we have asked a " if you see a , " if you see a , you can tell us where it is , when it 's open , because sometimes it 's closed during business hours .
and more than 10,000 of these have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we have created a ...
we have developed an app for the , uh , advanced reality , to , uh , to find this , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and if you are in a city like this , and if someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also , in the next few weeks , to find the next
and from this day forward , we would not only this , not only as a , as the product , but also as a , as a , as a ,
and we would like to take this to a worldwide level .
and we ask our colleagues from all over the world , from other universities , to help us to act as if to be as if to be , to be like the people in all the world , to help us to behave like the
and if you are on vacation and if someone breaks down , if it is your own kin , or anyone else , you can find such a place .
the other thing we would like to ask is that companies in the whole world will help us to confirm the
for example , these could be the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
please help us help us , and try not only to improve your health , but to take control .
thank you .
today , i will tell you of unexpected discovery .
i work in the factory .
and my little startup , my little start-up , wants us to force ourselves to the environment by ...
... to pay attention to the people of the world .
here 's a quick video of what we do .
one moment .
it may take some time to load it .
well , we can just ... we can just skip this , i 'll just skip the video instead
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time is already over ?
thank you .
the program is called " code for america , " and it 's kind of like the code for computer geeks .
every year , we pick out a few of our own , and we let them work with us .
instead of sending them to the third world , we send them to the world , to send them to the world of the third .
and there they developed great apps , working with city employees .
but what you really do is show what you can do with technology today
so meet al .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
how did he come to look for help in such a special way ?
last year , we had a team of special forces in boston last year , in the ' code for america ' program .
they were there in february in february , and it was snowing a lot last february
and they realized that the town never , never , never , ever , ever , ever , will , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , take these ,
but a certain fellow , a man by the name of erik , a man by the name of a man , a man by the name of a man , a man by the name of a man , a man by the name of his name ,
so he did what every good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree with him to shovel him free when it snows
if you do that , you can give him a name and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you
so , there 's a nice , little , little , little , little , little , little ...
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but she does something that no one else does .
it 's spreading rapidly .
there 's this guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but so that the citizens would adopt
it is very , very important that these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
that 's how he got the citizens to check them .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the ... the ...
and chicago has just brought it in , so that people , when it snows , the people , the people , the people , the people , when it snows .
we now know nine cities who are planning to use this app .
and it has spread smoothly , organic , of course .
if you know something you know something about , you know it 's not usually that way .
the acquisition of software is usually a few years .
we had a team that worked last year on a project in boston that took three people two and a half months .
it was about a method with which parents can find out which are the proper public schools for their children .
we were later told that if it went through the normal channels it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
and this is nothing .
there is currently a project in california law which has cost the taxpayers two billion dollars and it does not work .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that is written in a few days , and then it is then spread by a form of a kind of a shot across the bow to the government 's institution .
it shows how the government could work better , how the government could work better , not as a private company , how many people think it should .
and not even like a , not even like a , like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and this is important .
but more important to this app is that it represents a new generation , that the problem of the government is not the problem of a more and more , the problem of a more and more is that it is the problem of a unified institution ,
and this is a very good news , because it is that we are very good at what we do in the collective , with digital technology .
now , there is now a great community of people who make the resources that we need to , to make things effective together .
not only is it not only " code for america " , there are hundreds of people all over the country who stand up and write in their own communities every day .
they did not abandon the government .
you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
and these people know something we have lost sight of .
today a lot of people gave up government .
and if you are one of those people , i ask that you think about it because things change .
politics do not change , the government is in change
and because , as the government , in the end , the power of the government , the power of the people , the people , the people , how we think about it , will influence how that change will happen .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like so many people , i thought that in the government , it was mostly about choosing people into office .
now , after two years , after two years , i have come to the conclusion that it is the most important of all , of all , of this is about the
this is the call center for service and information .
that 's where you usually get out when you call in your town of 311 .
so , scott , scott , is getting this , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
he types " opossum " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea , he starts with the , uh , the , uh ...
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run away ? "
and it worked , let 's hear it for scott .
but that wasn 't the end of the world war
boston doesn 't just have a call center .
it has an app called an app called an app called the " citizens ' citizens ' liberation " .
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the new urban mechanics in boston .
then one day , this is a ... this is a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
how do i get it removed ?
but what happened to " citizens ' citizens ' militia " is different .
scott was talking man to man .
but on " citizens of the citizens of the citizens , " everything is public , so that everyone can see .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we received was , " i went over there , i found the trash can behind the house .
yes , yes , alive ?
he turned the trash can on the side and went home .
good night , sweet possum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets the physical .
and it is also a good example of how to get the government into the
but it is also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't mean , not necessarily a technical definition of the platform .
i talk more about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government was a central role .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been connected to government services if it had been needed , but a neighbor is a much better and cheaper alternative to public services .
when one neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the " the " , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we must remember that government is not the same as politics
and most people understand that but they believe that one is the other 's input
that our contribution to the system is to vote .
that 's because the government is like a more and more like an ocean , and politics are the supreme six inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call the bureaucracy .
and we use this word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt , that this thing that we have , and for which we will pay for , that we will be something that will work against us , something else , and then we will take over ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy
if we want this institution to work for us we have to make bureaucracy sexy
because that 's where the actual , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we must get into the government 's machinery .
so , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
have you seen these guys ?
it is a group of concerned citizens , who wrote a very detailed , very detailed , very detailed , very detailed , very detailed report that is an answer to the question about the bill of the bill to the bill of the
it is not political , it is not political , it is that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is , that it is ,
well , for those of us who have given up the government , it is time for us to think about the world we will leave to our children .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really think that we can do what we must do without to improve an institution which can act in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it must be more efficient
the good news is that technology makes it possible , that the government 's function is fundamentally , in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthening society .
and there is a generation that grew up on the internet , and who knows that it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
now , the age of our age is 28 , so , unfortunately , i am almost a generation older than most .
this is a generation that grew up to take her voice for granted .
they do not fight this fight , that we all fight , to who may speak , they all may speak .
you can speak your mind on any channel at any time , and you will .
now , when confronted with the problem of the government , they don 't care so much about using their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work
and these apps , let us use our hands to improve our communities .
it could be that it could be , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and sure , if we could have had these , those fire hydrants , and many people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we are not only consumers and we are not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits
we are more than that we are citizens
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i will begin by showing you for a moment a single , boring slide .
... could you please , could you please show me the slide ?
this is a plastic , which i , by chance , i have chosen from my folder .
it 's not about the details of the plastic , it 's about the general form .
this slide is a map of the data from an analysis of us through the output of the optical processors compared to the work of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this , like so many others , which we often meet in our field , are a kind of a straight straight and narrow turn .
in other words , each step here is a step in the form of virility .
and this is a novelty that we have to use this type of scale , on a scale in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is essentially what i 'm here to talk about .
if you could turn the lights back on , please .
a little more light , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
now , why do we do the ... why do we , in the technique , ... .. in the ...
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i wanted to map another technology , let 's say , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
but when something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so if the , if the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed , we could get into a taxi the day after tomorrow and in 30 seconds we would be in tokyo .
but it 's not so fast .
this has never been before in the history of the , in the history of the , in the history of the , this kind of exponential growth , by which , every few years ,
the question i ask you now is , when you look at these , you can see they don 't go on forever
it is not possible that everything will forever and ever and ever will be as quickly as now .
there are two possibilities :
either it becomes a classic , like here until something new comes along , or this will happen .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this will happen .
if it is , then it means we are in the middle of a transition here .
here we are here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question that i would ask , and i , i , too , often i ask myself , is what will this new world be ?
what is this new condition that the world is slowly taking ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
when i was a child , the future was somewhere in the year 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in the year 2000
now , here we have a conference here where people talk about the future , and you realize that the future is still the year 2000 .
we can 't go further than that .
so , in other words , the future has shrunk a year and a year every year since i was in this world .
i think the reason i think is that we realize that something is going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything will be so different , that a simple , simple , simple ,
i would now like to talk about what it could be , this transition we are currently in .
in order to do this , i will first talk about some other things that have nothing to do with technology or computers .
for i i believe , to truly understand this , we must take a step back and take a look at the matter at a long , long , long time .
and i would like to look at this , on the most beautiful of the life of the earth .
i think the big picture makes sense when you divide it into a couple of pieces .
so let us go back , for two and a half billion years , and the earth was a great , a great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great ,
now , when you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how you did it .
some of these , some of these , some of these , uh ... some of these , uh ... some of these , uh ... some of these , uh ... some of these , uh ... some of these , uh ... some of these , some of these , uh , uh , some of these , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
all those who were , they all began to divide .
those little , little , little , little , little , were , in a sense , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
however , these are not , however , are not , in this day , alive , in this day , because each and every one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and each time , each time , when it was divided , the use chemicals in it have spread to more and more .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , the , the drops , which , for the growth of the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so , these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so it is only a very simple , very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting when these drops learn a trick about the abstraction .
in some way that we do not yet understand , these drops have learned the ability to write down information .
you have learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless , evolutionary way , they found a way that allowed them to write down what they were so that the information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing about it is that this kind of information is to store information about the time of two and a half billion years , when it was created , it remained the same .
in fact , in fact , the recipe is for us , our genes , the exact same code and the same spelling .
every living creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we are so ready that we , only to be , can we , in this code , we can write , we can write ,
and i have here , i have here , here i have 100 ... of a white powder , which i try to keep away from security guards in airports .
in it is what , what i have done , i have taken this code , the code is ordinary letters , which we use to represent , and i have written my business card on a piece of dna , and i have added 10 times .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world and it is right here .
if i had , if i had really been a selfish , i would have written it on a virus and released into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
writing down the dna was an interesting move .
and that this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
but then another , a very , very , very interesting step , where things became completely different , and these cells began to communicate and to exchange information , so that communities formed from cells .
i don 't know if you already knew , but bacteria can actually change their dna .
that is also the reason why , for example , the consistency of antibiotics grows .
some of the bacteria have found out how to stay away from penicillin , and that information , along with other bacteria , in the dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria are communicating with each other .
this communication has now allowed the reasons of communities , which , in a sense , were in the same boat , they were ,
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that when a community was successful , all the individuals of the community were often more and more often preferred by evolution .
and now , the , where these communities are so close that they have decided to write the recipe for the whole community to a , to the dna on the dna .
and the next interesting phase of the next was about another billion years .
at this time , we have , at this time , we have , and , at this time , we have , and , at that time , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have ,
in fact , we are , in fact , such a generous community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own
your skin cells are useless without your skin cells , your skin cells , your brain cells , and so on .
so these communities began to evolve , so that the level of evolution , where evolution , was no longer the single cell , but the whole of the which we call the organism .
the next step was now taken within these communities .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
and they developed these special structures , which made nothing but to process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they began to train specialists within the community , special structures , who were responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
because at this time , an individual , at this time an individual , learning , has now happened within the time span of the life span of a single organism , instead of that evolutionary period .
so , for example , an organism could , for example , learn not to eat a certain fruit , because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now happen within the life span of a single organism , while hundreds and hundreds of thousands of years were needed before , because this information had to be learned by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these were not yet there .
so , the nervous system has , therefore , with the use of this particular , the use of this particular , for evolution could now take place within an individual .
it could take place within a time frame .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , for example , the , the , we know the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have here a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very confused .
i sit here , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so we take something very , very complicated , turn it into sound , a sequence of sounds , and use it to create something very complicated in other people 's minds .
so this allows us now to , again , to function as a unified organism .
and what we have actually done , we , humanity , we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
we walk through the same steps that have been through the past the the the the the the the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
the invention of language , for example , was a small step in that direction .
computer , computer , computer , video , video , and so on and so on , are all of our very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and it is that we are all together to something that is much greater , and is also able to evolve faster than we have been before .
so now , in these days , evolution can happen in the time period of time .
you have also seen , you have also seen , you have also seen , you have seen , you have seen , you have seen , you have seen , you have seen , you have seen , you have seen a little of the evolution in the
so now , we have now , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , again ,
the first steps of the story , which i have told you , took a billion years each .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
then the next , the next steps , like language and so on , went for less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to only take a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe , i believe , the word for it , if something is to increase its power .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think this is what we see here in this ... this ... this ...
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
my current practice is to design objects with such a high complexity that it is impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single one of the little transistor in the radio .
it has billions of them .
and she does it in part with methods , which we don 't even understand yet .
a method , which is particularly interesting , and which i have often used many times lately , is evolution itself .
and we will install a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
in order to set an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a most extreme program which , by chance , evolve from random instructions .
we say , " computer , computer , please select a hundred million random selected sequences of instructions .
now , please , all of you , please , take out these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let say , let me say , i want to sort out numbers , it would be a simple example , which i have already used .
so find programs that are the most likely to sort numbers .
of course , of course , the chance of , by some by some by some by some by , by some by some by some , by some by some by , by some , by some by , by , by some by , by , by , by , the by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by , by
but one of them , with a bit of luck , one of them may have two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , take now those 10 % of the sequences which are the closest to what i have to what i have .
store these , dump the rest .
now , all those who have the numbers best organized by those who are left .
" with a method by a method of the , " " by the way , "
take two programs , and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children pass the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i now have a new generation of programs created by a combination of programs which have come a little closer to what we are than others .
say , " please repeat this process .
rate them again .
may be causing some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
for all these generations , only for a few ,
and so i can run an evolution of over millions of years in the computer within a few minutes , or , in a matter of hours , in a matter of hours .
in the end , i get programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when i look at these programs i can 't tell how they work
i tried to understand you .
it 's a bunch of , you know , a bunch of , you know , a bunch of , you know , a bunch of , you know , a bunch of , you know , a bunch of , you know ,
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm sure that you will do the job because you come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that have done the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i once sat in a 747 with marvin , i sat with him , i sat with him once in a 747 , and he was , like , " oh , look .
it says , " this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of hundreds of thousands of people who work together to make their flight safer . "
we know that when it becomes too complicated , it is not ideal .
so we begin to rely on computers , for a process , which is very different from the classic case of the , uh ...
he allows us to do things with a much , much more complex than the normal methods of producing .
and yet we do not yet fully understand the possibilities of it .
so , in a way , in a way , the technique , the technique .
we are now using these programs to make the computers much faster so that we are able to do these trials even faster
so it creates a feedback .
it gets faster and faster and faster and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all of these new new technologies from today , they feed on themselves .
we take off .
we have come to a point , which is , in the past , which is , in the past , when , in the past , we have come to a point , which is , in the past , in the past ,
so we are the amoebas , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we are , what the hell we are , what we are , what we are , what we are actually , what we are , what we are actually , what we are actually , what we are actually , what we are actually , what we are , what we are actually , what we are , what we are actually , what we are actually , what we are , what we are , what we are , what we are
we 're right in the middle of this ...
but i really believe that something will come after us
i am very proud to say that we are the product of evolution .
and i think we are all here , part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is before lunch , and i think i 'll stop here now , before i get even more .
my story begins right here , right here , in this , two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert , i was with the sky in the desert , i was with ali ,
we have talked about that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic .
when we indians wanted to travel back then we would jump into a wagon and we would fly across the sky
now we do it with planes .
at that time , when the great indian was thirsty , he took a bow , shot into the ground and water came out .
now let 's do it with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
it made me really sad .
i got a little afraid of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and without a tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch
this piece of , 50 years old technology , this piece of , like , 50 years old technology , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , the , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
she became a golden access to a world of pirates and the ships of pirates and to images in my imagination .
it seemed to me as if our fancy watches and cameras were keeping us from dreaming .
they stopped us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to make magic possible instead of killing .
when i was 16 i began to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that can connect the reader around the world .
it may know how we hold it .
it may know where we are
it brings together images and words , and animation , sound and touch
the need for more and more senses is needed .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to , uh , i 'm just gonna go to , uh , a , uh , an , an , an , an , uh , an , an , an , an , an , an , an ipad , interactive ,
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so it says here , " this is the box that belongs , i write my name
i will become a character in the book
every once in a while a letter falls down for me , and the ipad , with the gps where i live , it is the right to me
the child inside of me is very excited about such possibilities .
i talked a lot about magic .
i , not i , not i , not i , not i , but the magic of childhood , the thought that we all had as children
i used to find the fireflies in a glass i was always excited
that 's how you have to put the ipad and let the fireflies out .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that , as a child , i was fascinated that a whole galaxy could be in a single marble .
and so here every book and every world a little marble that i bring here to the magic device in the machine .
and this opens a map .
i 've always had cards , but these cards were static .
this map will grow and shine , and it will be to guide you in the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other parts of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it is also important for me to do something that indian is also very fashionable .
these here are the , uh , the , uh ...
we have heard of all of the fairies and the nymphs of the fairies , but how many of the people outside of india do you know of your indian colleagues ,
the poor , the poor , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the poor , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and we bring them back , in a contemporary history for children .
it 's a story that has with a new business , like a new business .
on the subject of a problem for the past 10 years , children in their rooms , on their computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile technology we can take our children to the natural world with their technology
when you see , when you see , when you , when you see , you have to go outside and with the camera of the , with the , with the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
when i was a child , i had a collection of , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , stones , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
somehow kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go outside to take a picture of a flower and mark in a chapter .
in another chapter , you have to put a piece of tree bark and mark .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london , a child in london shows the picture of a fox in the picture and says , " oh , today i saw a fox today
a child in india says , " today i saw a monkey today
it creates a sort of social network around a digital collection of photographs that you have actually taken .
there are a number of ways in which magic can combine the world and technology .
in the next book , we are planning an interaction using the video of the ... the ... the ... the video of the ... the ... the ...
at one point the screen fills with leaves .
you must make the sound of the wind , blow them away and read the rest of the book
we all move towards a world where the forces of nature of the technology and the forces of nature can come closer to us and in magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun
we bring our children and our children closer to the natural world and to the magic , joy and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jail , prison , or prison .
i spend most of my time with the most of my time with the socially weakest in the areas and in places where there is a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and listening to how stimulating this is has given me great strength .
in the short time around here , i realized , ted has an identity .
you can say things here that have influence in the world .
and sometimes , sometimes , when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and power that it doesn 't otherwise .
i say this because i believe that identity is very important
we 've seen some fantastic presentations .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are of the most meaningful
as a doctor , you can do good , as a caring doctor , but you can do more .
and so i would like to talk about the power of identity
by the way , i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned it from my grandmother
i grew up in a family , a family , a traditional , african-american household , dominated by a family , and this was my grandmother .
she was a tough , tough , strong woman she had an effect
she had the last word in every family feud .
she was also the starting point of many of our family 's conflicts .
she was the daughter of a the daughter of a
her parents were born to be slaves in the ' 90s in the ' 90s in virginia .
it was born around 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , in 1 , in 1 , in 1 , in 1 , 1 , 1 , in 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , in 1 , 1 , in 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving
when i met her when i was a little boy she 'd come to me and hug me
she pushed me so hard i could barely breathe , and then she let me go
one or two hours later , when i ran into her , she came to me and said ,
and when i said , " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
the only problem was she had ten children .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were everywhere .
i remember i must have been eight or nine that one morning i woke up one morning and went into the living room , and all my cousins were all walking around
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the room , staring at me .
at first i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was , like , 15 or 20 minutes , then she got up and she came over to me and she took me by her hand and said , " come , bryan , you and i , we must talk .
i remember as if it was yesterday .
i will never forget .
she took me outside and she said , " i 'll tell you , i 'll tell you something , but you have to promise that you won 't do it .
i said , " i promise , i promise , grandma , i promise you , i promise , i promise , i promise , i will , i promise , i will
she said , " i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
she sat me down and looked at me and she said , " i want you to know that i have watched you
she said , " i think you are something special .
she said , i think you can do anything you want to do
i will never forget .
and then she said , " you only have to promise me three things , bryan .
i said , " ok , grandma , ok , grandma
she said , first , promise me that you will always love your mother , you will always love your mother
she said that your mother is my baby and you must promise that you will always take care of her
i , i , i , i , i , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
and then she said , the next , promise me that you will always do the right thing , even if it is hard to do the right thing ,
i thought and i said , " yes , grandma , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
the last thing you must promise me is that you will never drink alcohol
well , i was nine i was nine years old , and so i said , " yes , grandma , i , i promise , i , i , i , i , i
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who is a year older and a year younger sister
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day , my brother came home , and he took this six-pack of beer my sister and me and went to the forest with us .
we were just wandering around there like we used to .
then he took a sip of beer and offered my sister a drink of beer and she accepted and then offered me one .
i said , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , i don 't , i don 't want a beer , i don 't want a beer
my brother , my brother said , " do it , do it , do it now , do it , you do what we do .
i had something , your sister had something , have a beer
i said , " i don 't want , i don 't want , you go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go , go
my brother was staring at me
he said , " what 's wrong with you ?
and then he looked me in the face and he said , " oh , no , no , you don 't still make you mad because you talk to your grandma
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said , " my grandma , my grandma , told my grandchildren that you are something special
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't .
this could be broadcast in public .
i am 52 years old and i confess i have never drunk a drop of alcohol .
i am not saying that because i believe that it is virtuous , i say that because that is power is power
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell the people around us things they don 't believe .
we can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren that you are special
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncle , my uncle , my uncle , died of a disease .
and she believed that these are the subjects we have to deal with .
i tried to say something about our justice system .
this country is different from 40 years ago
in ' 72 , there were 300,000 people in the ' 72 .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states of the united states , today is the world 's highest in the world .
seven million people have been released on probation , or with a tax return .
in my opinion , in my opinion , our world has fundamentally changed .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , there is despair and despair , due to these changes .
one of three black males between 18 and 30 is now in prison , released on probation , released on parole , or , with the , uh ...
in urban communities all over the country , from los angeles to philadelphia , baltimore to washington , 50 to 60 % of all black men are either in jail , in jail , released on parole , or in prison .
but not only is our system not only forged by questions that have to do with this , it is also forged by poverty .
we , in this country , we have a justice system in this country , a justice system which is much better to you , if you are rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
fortune , not debt , is the result .
still , we seem to be quite content with that .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems
we lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there have been some very , very , very , very , very ...
my home state of alabama will permanently deny you the right to vote if you are to be prosecuted .
here and now in alabama today , 34 % of the black male population has permanently lost their vote .
in ten years from now , in ten years , the odds will be as high as before the passing of the house .
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united united states of america is the only country in the world , the only country in the world that condemns the children to death in prison .
in this country , for children , life imprisonment is a life sentence for a life sentence .
we 've got a lot of procedures going on .
the only land in the world .
i represent the people of the people of the world .
the question of the death penalty is an interesting question .
we believe , because we have been taught that the true question is , does a man deserve to die for a crime he has committed ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
but you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity
the other point of view is not , does someone who , for a crime , deserve to die , should we kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by mistake .
to nine men we have executed , one who we have found innocent , released from death row .
this is an amazing story , one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly on a plane , when for nine planes that take off , one falls .
but somehow , somehow we manage to get rid of this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it is not our burden .
it is not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i talk about race , i ask if we have the right to kill
and it is exciting , because i teach my students the history of the african american , i talk about slavery
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time at the end of the reconstruction until the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know very much about it .
but for the african americans in this country it was a time of terror .
in many places , in many , many people have had to be afraid of the
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that forged her life
they say , " no , no , no , tell people that we grew up with it .
and , of course , after terrorism , of course , the segregation and decades of racist repression , and apartheid .
and yet , in our country , there is a dynamic , we do not like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and therefore , we do not truly understand the meaning of what our actions in the historical context of our actions .
we keep bumping into each other .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it is difficult for us to talk about race , and i think it is because we are not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation
in south south africa , people have understood that the segregation of segregation is not to be overcome without the promise of truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this call , but not in this country .
i did a few lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists who , after my lecture , came up and said , you know , it is deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that .
he said that in germany there is no death penalty .
and , of course , in germany , there can never be , in germany , there can be no more .
then a woman said , with our history , it is impossible that we will ever again speak for the systematic killing of people .
it would be unconscionable to us , to know and to execute those who are not .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if there were a hundred and a hundred and a hundred jews among them .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there is this , this mental , mental ,
i believe our identity is threatened .
if we do not deal with this , with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are , in the shadows of suffering , abuse , abuse ,
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we finally talk about that we need more hope , more commitment , more commitment , more commitment , more dedication to pass in a complex world .
for me , it is time to rise up , to think and to talk about the poor , the underprivileged , those who will never be with ted .
but to think in a way , in a way , that is , in a way that is , we are .
we all must , in the end , believe things we cannot see .
as rational as we are , as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development are not just from our minds
they come from ideas driven by the belief in our hearts .
it is it is this that i think that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it is that it that it that it that it is that it that it that it is that it that it that it is that it is that it that it that it that it is that it that it that
the great czech politician ,
when we fought in eastern europe against the oppression of the eastern europe , we wanted all we could , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual guidance , the willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places , and to be a witness
this spiritual guidance is the very essence of what i believe , that the people of the world must , too .
there is no difference between the technology and the design that allows us to be completely human , as long as we do not also have eyes and ears for poverty , liberty and injustice .
i would like to warn you that this kind of identity is more of us than if we did not take care of it .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women , they met and they just started talking .
from time to time , mrs carr called me and said to me ,
do you want to listen and listen ?
and i said , " yes , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would , i would ,
she said , what will you do when you are here ?
i said , i will listen i will listen i will listen
and i went over and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there and i listened to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks would turn to me and say to me ,
what are you trying to achieve ?
i began my usual lecture .
i said , " we shall try to fight against injustice .
we want to help people who have been convicted innocent .
we are here to fight bias and discrimination against prejudice and discrimination against the people of law .
we want to get rid of a life sentence for life imprisonment with no children 's rights .
we want to do something against the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to get rid of the people of the world .
i gave my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and said ,
she said , " this will make you very , very tired .
and then mrs carr , she said to me , she put a finger on my face , and she said to me ,
and therefore , i believe that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
we must have ways of facing these challenges , problems , suffering .
because in the end , our humanity , our humanity , our humanity .
in my work i learned very simple things
i learned some very simple things .
that we are all more than the worst we have ever done .
i believe that is true for every man on the planet .
when someone lies , he is not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him he is not only a thief
even if you kill someone , you are not only a murderer
and because it is , there is a fundamental human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this land , in many parts of this land , in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
in the end , a society is not measured not by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but how it deals with the poor , the condemned , the imprisoned .
for in this context we first begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose my balance , a story at the end .
sometimes i push too hard sometimes .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas come before our thoughts in the most important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced to hard punishment
i go to the prison , i visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , who , as an adult , shall stand in trial .
then i wonder , how could this have happened ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he is not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too late one night i thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he must have magical powers
that 's right , bryan , the judge has magic .
you should also wish you some .
and because it was late and i couldn 't think , i started working on a proposal .
i had a poor , poor , poor black boy as a client .
and i i began with this motion , and the title was that the , in the title of this , the request was , that my poor , my poor , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my ,
in my motion , i have explained that the prosecution and the police , and the police , and the police , are to be considered .
there was a crazy line about that in this country nothing is right , that there is nothing in this country , that there is nothing in this country , that there is nothing in this country , that there is nothing in this world that is nothing ,
the next morning , i woke up and i didn 't know if i had dreamed this crazy proposal or had actually written it .
and to my horror , i had not only written him , but sent him to the court .
a few months went by and i had just forgotten everything .
but finally , i , my god , i have to go to the court and present this crazy case
i got in the car and i was really , really , really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i was walking down the stairs to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in the court .
when he saw me , he came to me and he said , who are you ?
i said , " i am a lawyer , i am a lawyer and he said , " you are a lawyer , you are a lawyer
he came to me and hugged me
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , " i am so proud of you .
and i must say it gave me strength
it touched something deep within me , identity , the ability of each and every one , to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , " dear mr stevenson , " did you ask this crazy proposal ?
i said , " yes , yes , yes , yes , and then we started to argue .
more and more people came in , just because they were angry ,
that i had written these crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy district attorney and office secretary .
in the instant , the courtroom was filled with people who were angry that we talked about color , about poverty , about inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw the janitor walk up and down .
he kept looking through the window and he could hear all the noise .
he was pacing .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
ten minutes later the judge announced a break .
during the recess , a police officer came in , who was disturbed that the janitor was in the courtroom .
this deputy , this deputy , he ran over to the old black .
he said , " what are you doing in the courtroom ?
i i have come to the ted , because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral and the moral and the moral and the of the universe is far away , but that justice will be done .
that as human beings , we are not fully developed as human beings , as long as we do not care for human rights and values .
that all of our survival is linked to the survival of each one .
that we must combine our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of all , i would like to say to those of you who see it , who see it , just to say :
you , with this audience , you have seen and , in this community , an obvious wish , and you have heard , to help and to do something .
what else can we do ?
well , there are possibilities everywhere .
when you live in california in california , in this spring , in this spring , there is a , in which it is about actually making an effort , to do something about , to change from the , or else into the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , in the next five years , you will be a billion dollars for the death penalty .
and yet , 46 % of all is not to end up with an arrest .
56 % of all law enforcement is not on trial .
here there 's a chance to do something .
this referendum is going to invest the money in more security and security
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , the crime rate in america has gone down .
this fact is often placed in the context of the elevated levels of the higher .
what would you say to someone who believes ?
well , as a matter of fact , the number of violent crimes has not changed much .
most of the most of the most recent in this country was not really in the class of violent crime .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic high figures come from the prison .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we now have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
i think we must do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , no less .
and i i believe that our current family is not helping anyone .
i think that is what we must change .
bryan , bryan , you really , you really , really , really , really have a string here , you know , you really , really , really , really , you know , you , you really , you , you , you , you really , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you
you are an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
i am bin laden 's death will bring with it an increase in the amount of blood .
" a famine in somalia ,
evil , evil , evil , evil , evil , evil , evil , evil ...
- social decay .
we are the people of the world
different leaders , the war on drugs , weapons of mass destruction .
in a recession , a stop , doomsday , egypt , syria ,
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days or the last six years .
the fact is that the media would prefer to show us negative subjects because our mind is paying attention to these issues .
and there is also a very good reason why .
every second of every day every second of every day , our senses catch much more information than our brains can ever .
and since nothing is more important to us than our survival , the first stop for all the information is a part of our fear center , the amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , the fear center .
it is organized and is combing through all the information in search of any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , the demand rises " is very true .
well , with all of our digital devices , which , seven days a week , 24 hours a day , deliver to us all these negative messages , it is no wonder we are pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse
but perhaps this is not the case .
maybe this is reality .
perhaps in the last century , the enormous progress we have made by a series of forces in the last century , is so powerful that in the next three decades , it will be possible for us to create a world of the world .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems , we have no big problems , we have , we have ,
and as humans , we are much better at anticipating problems in a long , long way , but to finally overcome them .
let us take a look at what we have achieved in the last century so that we can predict the future .
over the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has more than doubled in over over over over over over over over over over over over over over the over over over over over over over over over over over the over over over over the over over the over over the over the over the over the over the over the over 100 years .
infant mortality rate has decreased by a tenth .
it is also that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
steve pink has shown us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time in a very , very peaceful time of the most peaceful .
and according to charles , kenny kenny kenny , in the past 130 over the last 30 years , 25 % has gone up to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
remember that a large share of the americans who live under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , water , toilets , toilets , tv , tv , air , air , air and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the basis for many of it is the technology , and these , they grow , and they grow .
my good my good friend , ray ray , has taught us that every tool , which will become a great and a great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a million times a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the ' 70s .
now look at this turn .
that 's moore 's law of the past 100 years .
note two things at this turn .
first , how smooth it goes , for better or for worse , war or peace , depression , depression , depression , depression ,
this is the result of faster , faster computers that build faster computers .
it 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
in addition , despite the fact that her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her , her .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this corner , on the back of moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of the great and powerful and powerful and powerful and powerful and powerful and powerful .
that was fantastic !
i once looked through the papers and looked for the best news i could find .
i love this , i love this , " watson is the one who defies man .
" risk " is not a simple game .
it is about understanding the nuances of language .
can you imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of a ...
four years ago four years ago , ray and i , here at ted 's , we started a new university , which is called ,
we teach our students all of these technologies to our students with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , each year we ask that students , companies , companies , products and services , who , within a decade of positive , can , in a matter of a decade , the lives of the people of the people .
think about that a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people
30 years ago this would have sounded ridiculous .
today , we can refer to dozens of companies that have done this .
when i think of making , i do not mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it is to create a life of opportunity
it is about to create from a wealth of few things .
because famine is famine is famine is famine , and technology is a means of relief
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he has invited the king of siam king to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers , napoleon and napoleon himself , were given to him .
but the king of siam , the king of siam , the king of siam ,
aluminum was , at that time , the most precious metal on the planet , more precious than gold and platinum .
this is the reason why the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
although aluminum , it is not , however , that it is , that it is , that it is not , that it is not , that it is , that it is , that it is , is , is not , is , is , is , is , is not , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is , is
it is connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then it was then the technology of the world , and it was so , so it was so good that we would use it to use it with our own .
then let 's project this analogy into the future .
we are thinking today of the day .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is filled with more energy , more energy than we spend every year .
16 , 16 , 10 , 16 , 16 , 16 , 16 , 16 , 10 , 10 , 1 , 4 , 5 , 4 , 5 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 5 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 1 ,
it is not a matter of scarcity , the problem is the problem is ,
and there 's good news .
in this year , for the first time in this year , they have , for the first time , to reduce the cost to 50 % of the price in india at 50 % of the price .
the cost of solar power has dropped 50 % in the last year .
last month , this was published by a study , published by a study which shows that by the end of this decade , in the sunny and sunny areas of the united states , solar energy , will be six cents a penny ,
and if we have a , we will also have water in abundance .
let 's talk about this .
do you remember when carl sagan , carl sagan , in ' 90 , ' ' ' the ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' , ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' , ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '
he took a famous picture , what was it called ?
" a pale blue , blue dot . "
because we live on a life of luxury .
we live on a planet that is 70 % covered with water .
yes , it is , it is , it is , it is , 2 % of the salt water , 2 % of the water on the planet , but there is hope here .
and there are new technologies , not 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new , new
it can create a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from different sources , whether salt water , water , water , latrine and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the president of coca-cola , who has just agreed to launch a big , big , big , with a hundred and a hundred units in the
and if everything goes well , and i am very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries throughout the planet .
this is a veritable innovation that is there today .
and we have also seen this at the same time .
oh my goodness , we will soon reach the 70 % of the total of the , in the to the end of the ,
just remember , a mobile phone with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a much better , more than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you look on google with your smart phone , you have more access to know and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no one could ever have predicted .
and it is even better , the things that you and i have spent several thousand dollars on , gps , and photo and photo , library of books and music , technology for medical diagnostics are now literally , and cheaper in your phone
and the best of the best of it is perhaps what is in health and health .
in the last month , in the last month , i have had the pleasure to , with the , uh , the " $ 10 million , 10 million , 10 million ,
we challenge teams of all around the world , to connect all these technologies to each in a cell phone so that you can speak to the device , since it is equipped with ai , you can test your blood and blood .
and in order to win , the device must make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of an emergency , where there are no doctors , but there are 25 % , 25 % of the staff and 1.3 % of the people who work for the .
if this device , if this device , or if it is not known , it will call to the health authorities to stop a pandemic before the outbreak .
but now to the greatest power that will lead us to a world of the world of the great .
i call it " the next billion . "
white lines are for the public .
we have just crossed the line .
and , by the way , the biggest insurance policy against a is a better education and diet in the world .
in 2010 , we had , like , just now , we had , like , a couple of , like , two billion people online .
we are expected to rise from 2 to 5 billion to 5 billion .
three billion new heads that we have never heard of before will join the global communications .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and , instead of a stop , i see one of the greatest economic economic and economic , in history .
these people represent hundreds of hundreds of thousands of dollars that will go into the global economy .
and they will be healthier by the use of the , the use of the , the use of the , you will be better trained by the , and by the use of the , you will be able to use the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so what can three billion , growing , healthy , healthy , educated , productive members of the us ?
how about a new set , a new set , never heard the voices that have never been heard before .
how about to give a voice to the oppressed , wherever they are , to give a voice , to be the one to draw attention and to create change for the first time ?
what will these 3 billion people bring ?
how about posts we can 't even predict ?
one of the things that i have learned from the " x " is that small teams that are motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that great corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish with a story that i really loved .
there is a program that some people may already know .
it 's a game called a game that is called a game .
it was developed at the university of washington university in seattle .
and it is a game where people can use a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by the people of the world .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of thousands of people who have played the game online .
and it showed that in these days , the human , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous trust in our future , is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a man who is a
we have the capital of the world .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges and to do what is necessary .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i believe that we must do something about a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and i believe that it begins with a doctor , and that is me .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough , i can give up a piece of my own false , false , and i can give it to you .
before , however , before i get to the subject of my favorite , let us begin with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are close to the world cup and we are moving to the world cup
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" the ' " ' the ' " ' the ' " ' " ' the ' the ' " ' is ' the ' the ' the ' the ' the ' "
i will refer to a statistic that i hope most of you have heard of .
it is it is the is of the is the
we 're talking about a 300 if a bat hits 300 .
that means that the player must beat three out of ten .
it means that you hit the ball to the top , you get up , you don 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time and the runner was safe .
three out of 10 .
do you know what they call a major league baseball player ?
good , really good , good , maybe a ... maybe a ...
do you know what they call a " a " ?
this is someone who , by the way , must be four out of ten .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player who met over 400 times during a regular season .
let us return to my world of medicine , where i feel more comfortable , or perhaps even a little less well , after i 've talked to you .
if you have had an appendicitis , you will be referred to as a director of which you are now a subject of $ 400 .
somehow it doesn 't work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
but you know what ?
she 's much better this year she 's on the up and up
and she beats at 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ... what do you think , like , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that no one in all this medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a ...
what we do , however , is that we each and every one of them , including me , send me to the world with the claim to be perfect .
never to make a mistake , but no one is to worry about the details of how this will be done
and this is the message i took in medical school .
i was a obsessive and compulsive student .
in high school , in high school , in high school , one of my classmates once told me that brian was studying for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little study at my sister 's sister 's residence at the toronto general hospital near here
i learned everything by heart .
in my , in my , i learned the origins and the branches of each and every branch of each artery , which from the aorta , the obscure and common ,
i even knew the differential even the differential in the to ... to ...
and all the time , i was gathering more and more and more and more .
and i was good , i graduated with cum cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew it all by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close to perfection as possible , i would be immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was at a teaching hospital in a teaching hospital here in toronto as mrs. drucker was brought to me to the hospital 's hospital 's hospital 's top of the hospital .
at this time at this time , i was assigned to the assigned assigned to the assigned shift in the assigned duty of duty .
and it was my mission , when i was sent by the minister of culture , to seek the advice of the minister of culture .
and to report back to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i listened to her , she made the sound of the sound .
and as i , as i , as i , her breast , with her breast , i could hear the sound on both sides , that said to me that she suffered from congestive heart failure .
this is a condition where the heart is failing , instead of pumping all the blood , a part of the blood in the lungs and slowly fills it , so the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a hard diagnosis to diagnose .
i hired her and i went to the treatment
i gave her an aspirin , i gave her medicine to take the pressure off her heart
i gave her medicine , which we call " the " , " the water " , " the " water " , " the " water " , " and " the " water "
and for over a period of a period of a day and a half to two hours , she began to feel better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake i sent her home
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone , i didn 't pick up the phone , i did what i should have , which would have been a phone call to my attending to check with him , so he had a chance to take his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take the responsibility that i acted and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her to her home , i disobeyed a silent voice inside of me , who tried to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea .
i was so , i was so , i was so confident that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. drucker , do you think it would be okay if she went home ?
and the nurse , the nurse , she thought about it , and she said , " in her own way , " i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and an ambulance and an ambulance came and took her home .
and i went back to work .
for the rest of the day , the night , i had this feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , at the end of the day , i packed my things , i left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive the car home , when i did something i didn 't do .
i went through the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was
and there was another nurse , another nurse , not the nurse who had seen after mrs. drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words , those three words fear the most i know .
in other doctors , other doctors are also also afraid of these , but the most special is , because we only see the patients so briefly .
the three words are , remember ?
do you remember the patient you sent home ?
she asked the nurse , as a matter of fact .
" so she is back , " she said in this particular pitch .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived home , about an hour after i sent her home , she and the family called 911 , and the , uh , the
she was barely breathing and she was blue .
the , uh ...
you gave her a gift .
they put it on to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
i was shocked , i was shocked , and i was in a state of mind .
and i lived on this roller coaster , because after she went to the intensive care , and i hoped she would recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never wake again .
she had suffered a sustained brain damage .
her family gathered together .
and in the course of the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to what happened .
on the day of the day you go you go you go , mrs. drucker , a wife , a mother and grandmother
it is said that you never forget the names of those who are the .
and that was the first time i heard this myself .
when you make amends and never make the mistake again .
this is the kind of shameful shame .
the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
it is the one who tells you that not what you have done is bad , but that you are bad yourself
and that was what i felt
and it was not because of my love , he was very sweet
he spoke to the family , and i 'm sure that he was the one who made sure that i would not be sued .
but i , from now on i asked myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending why did i send her home ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely , slowly but surely , it lay down .
i started feeling better .
and then on a day , on a day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun came out , and i said to myself , maybe i could feel better again
and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , two years later , i was on duty in the ' 70s in a ' 56 hospital just north of toronto , and i was a 25 year old man with his throat slit .
i was busy and i was in a hurry
he always used to point here .
i looked down my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and even as he walked out the door he pointed to his throat
two days later , two days later , i came to my next of kin , and my chief of staff asked me to speak to your office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" do you remember the patient with the irritated throat , the patient ? "
it turns out that he was a , uh , a , uh , he was a , uh , he was , uh , he was , uh , he was , uh , he was , uh , he was a , uh ...
he had a potentially a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the blood , it 's the upper airway , and it causes the airway .
and fortunately , he did not die .
he received intravenous and recovered a few days later
and i went back through the same torture of shame and doubt , i felt liberated , and i went to work again and again and again and again and again .
in one of the , uh , in one of the , uh , i , uh , i , uh , i , uh , i , uh , i , uh , i , i , uh , i , i , i , uh , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , uh , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
there 's a lot of that , especially considering that you work in a hospital that , at that time , only 14 patients a night .
in both cases , i did not send her home , and there were no flaws in her treatment .
one i thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered an x-ray of the kidneys , and when it was without a report , my colleague , the patient 's , the patient 's , the , uh ...
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i i have ordered the order to send him to him and i have asked my colleagues to look at him .
and so he did , and when he found a , and when he found a , in the right , in the right , in the right , in the right , in the right , below , he called the
in both cases , they were both operated and they were well .
both of my cases , i was eaten by both .
and i would be happy to be able to tell you that my worst mistakes have only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues say , but is total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here the problem is , if i can not make with my mistakes and i can talk about them , if i can hear the quiet voice that tells me what really did not , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so that they do not make the same ?
if i walk into a room like right now i have no idea what you think of me
when was the last the last time you heard of someone who spoke of failure about failure ?
oh , yes , you go to a cocktail party and you may hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that an orthopedist in my hospital would have taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i have trouble looking him in the eye
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it is a system in which there are two basic positions , those who make mistakes and those who do not do , those who limit sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep and those with bad results and good results
it 's almost an ideological reaction , like antibodies attacking a man .
and there is the idea that if we , those who make mistakes make mistakes from medicine , that we have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i have learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one of ten times , is either a false or a false or a false or a false or a false or a false or , in which the ,
in this state , there are , like , 24,000 canadians dying of , like , a hundred and twenty thousand .
in the united states of the united states , the institute of medicine , the number is 100,000 .
both are strong , because we don 't see the problem exactly as we should .
and it is the most beautiful .
in a , in a , in a , in which the medical knowledge of which , once every two or three years , we cannot keep up .
lack of sleep is everywhere .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error , so that we can take a perfect surgical solution for a patient with chest pain .
then i take the same patient with the same , with the same patient , i make him all sweaty , and i give him a little bit of breath , and suddenly the story is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot , i don 't do things the same
and my patients are not cars , they do not tell me their symptoms are not always the same .
in sum , mistakes are inevitable
so , if you take the system as i was taught , and you take the system , and you take the system , and you take it , and you take it , and you take it , and you take it , you take it , you take it , you take it , you take it , and you take it , you take it , and you , you take it , and you take it , and you take it , and you take it , and you take it , you take it ,
have you ever heard the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils , your pupils , your pupils , your eyes , your eyes , you look down and you swallow hard and you start to tell your stories .
they want to tell their stories , to share their stories .
they want to be able to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i have made . "
what you need is an environment that you are capable of .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a man , a man , white for his humanity , accept it , is not proud to make mistakes , but make all to learn from them so that it can be passed on .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports when others talk about her mistakes .
and she shows others whose faults are not to be made not to be made , but in a loving , loving , loving way so that they all benefit from it .
and she works in a medical culture that accepts that people fill the system with life , and if so , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman
i am the one who is the one who is the most clearly defined doctor .
i am a man i make mistakes
i 'm sorry , i am but i try to learn best from it to pass it on to others
i don 't know what they think of me but i can live with that .
let me close with three of my own words i remember
i 'm going to talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's about the , uh ...
and because you can explain this idea in one minute , i will tell you three stories to use the time
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
i suppose you know that he was here .
they may think he was chasing the finches , but that 's not true .
actually , he collected fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was a , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was , it was ,
until in the ' 80s , he was fished in a big style .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
we have heard this story many times , many times have heard of the , or of other places , it is not very special .
and yet , we still come to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we still think they are from the start .
the brochures , they still describe as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story , the second story , is to make a different concept , to the other , the more , the more , the more , the more , the more .
because i saw it when in 1971 i was studying a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in
i went there , because i grew up in europe and i wanted to work in africa .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a really bad sunburn and i was convinced that i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees was the lagoon of palm trees and from a couple of the mangrove .
there was , uh , about , uh , about , uh , about , uh , about , uh , about , uh , about , uh , about , uh , uh , about 20 centimeters , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
27 years later , when i returned there , 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half its size .
grown , you measured five inches .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish had the good fortune to be there .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed
my third little story , my third little story , tells of my complicity in the introduction of the united nations in southeast asia .
in the ' 70s , in the early ' 70s , in the early ' 60s , europe was a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
" in the land which , in the hundreds of thousands of fish , " the industrial fishing , " " the very ugly " , is the name of the ship .
i went along with it , and we went to the south south china sea in the south china sea and in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we captured there
i now know that it was the reason of the sea
90 % of our average was sponges , other animals that are connected to the cause .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there in the debris , the debris , the debris , were the little dots .
in essence , the bottom of the sea came on the deck and was set back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition goes very quickly .
within a year , you will perform a rise , and then you will begin with the fishing .
because in this case , a hard reason , or soft coral , is the shit that is .
it 's a dead turtle .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead
once we captured one alive
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill them , because they could eat them well .
in fact , in fact , this mountain of wreckage is being accumulated by fishermen every time they drive into areas that have never been fished before .
but there is no document .
we change the world but we do not remember .
we will adapt to the new level and we will not remember what was there
when you put it down , this is what happens .
there are a few good things on the surface of the world , a number of the orca , the green of your country , the water .
in time , it changes , it changes , it changes , it changes , because for people , their actions are natural .
each generation , each generation , the images that they take in at the beginning of their conscious life , as a standard , and will all from it .
the difference will then be perceived as loss .
but you do not accept the past .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want to do is to preserve the wretched remains .
that is now our goal , as we are now , our goal .
we want to preserve things that have disappeared or things that are no longer what they were .
you might now think that the problem was for people who , for sure , who , when they lived in the most , were killed , killed animals , and who , after a few generations , were only aware of what they had done .
because , apparently , an animal , which was a very common animal , is once rare , only once , before it grows .
so , you don 't often lose the animals that are often more or less .
you always lose rare animals .
and therefore it is not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea are the big fish
they become more rare because we catch them .
with time , there is little fish left , and we think it is the fish .
the question is why do people accept that ?
well , because they don 't know that it used to be different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , will confirm that it was different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence , as you , in an earlier form , is not as you would like to present the evidence .
for example , for example , there is the fact that the report of a captain or something , who , in this area , who , in this area , is not , can not be used , or is not used , or is not , is not , in fact , is not ,
so we have the situation that people do not know the past , even though we live in educated society because they do not trust the sources of the past .
it shows the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
because , by the way , we are , we are , in fact , the past .
we we restore the past that people can not understand , because people have changed and are very low .
with it , the people who can see , the people who can see , the people who can see , the people who can , and the people who can , and the people who can , and the people who , who can , by that , can , can ,
what about the people who can 't do it because they have no access , the people in the middle west for example ?
here , i think , the art and the film may fill the gap , and simulations .
this is the simulation of the chesapeake bay .
a long time ago , there was a long time ago , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
when they think of " avatar , " when they think of why people were so touched by it , apart from the , " why were they so touched by the
because it was something that , in a way , was lost .
so my recommendation , the only one i will give , is to cameron , so that he will shoot " avatar ii " under water .
thank you .
in the ' 80s in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , when you had a typewriter , you had to register it in the government .
you also had to register a paper , a paper , a paper , a paper , a paper , and a paper , from this typewriter .
the reason why the government was able to trace where a text came from .
when they found an article with false ideas , they were able to track the author of those thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone in the west could do something like that and how that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries we would never do such things .
it happens to us today .
and no one seems upset about that .
and this was an example in which our own governments use the technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the ,
let we take a look at what really happens in the world we can divide the attacks into categories
we 've got three of them .
there 's a there .
for example , here , this is mr , mr , from kiev , from kiev , ukraine .
and the motives of these are the very easily understood .
these people make money .
they use it to make a lot of money , a big pile of money .
there are a number of known cases of , uh , a number of , uh , cases of , uh , the , uh ...
this is , this is , this is , this is , this is ,
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen ...
bjorn hasle .
this is matthew anderson ,
two months ago , two months ago , the u.s. secret service , the bank of the united states secret service , the bank of the united states of the united states .
the whereabouts of the unknown are unknown
and i say that it is more likely today that we are to be the victims of a crime in the real world .
and it is very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , in the future , most of the crimes will go online .
the second largest number of the second largest we can watch today are not motivated by money .
they are motivated by something else - - like a protest , an opinion , or your audience .
groups like anonymous , have moved up over the last 12 months , and have become one of the world 's most wanted in the field .
so these are the three criminals , the criminals who do it for the money , who do it for the money , who , as anonymous as anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments who run the attacks .
we have cases , like the one of the
it shows a model of what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
it is a , a , a , a from the netherlands , or was it .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , for it had been hacked .
someone had broken in and hacked the system .
and last week , at a meeting with dutch officials i asked one of the leaders of this group to ask if he thought it was possible that because of the people who had died ,
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die after a hack like that ?
- what ?
they 're selling .
what do you do with a ?
well , a certificate requires , if you have a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
you can if you want to join a foreign
you can hack into the computer , and then you can turn off the fake .
and that 's what happened in the case of the
how is it with the arab spring and the things that , for example , happened in egypt ?
now , in egypt in egypt , in april of 2011 , the rebel insurgents , in april of 2011 , raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police .
in these files , there was a file in the file .
and in this folder there were notes from a local in germany , who had sold to the egyptian government a few programs with which they , in a very large way , were able to intercept any communication from the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program to the egyptian government .
that 's right here .
so the western governments of the western governments of the western governments of the western governments of the western governments of the western governments of the western governments and the governments of the western governments of the western governments of the world ... and the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the world ... and the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the governments of the
but western governments and western governments help themselves .
in germany , only a few weeks ago , in germany , only a few weeks ago , found the so-called " a " , a trojan was used by a german who used to spy on their own .
if you are a suspect in a criminal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
you tap into your internet connection .
they use it to use as a means , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to use it , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to , to
so if we continue to think about these things , the obvious answer to people , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i am a good citizen .
i have nothing to worry about
i have nothing to hide
and this argument makes no sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not in question .
it is not a decision between privacy and security .
it is a choice between freedom and control .
and while we , today , in the year of 2011 , we trust our governments , each and every right we give , will be forever .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust any future government , a government that we may have in fifty years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i am a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big fan of ,
in 1868 , the first of the first was made , the first of which was made , and in 1868 a simple idea , made and made , with a set of cement made , and made , and made , in 1868 ,
in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
they put us in the position to build things that were bigger than us , buildings , bridges , stone after stone .
in essence , it was that the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 ,
it was called the " automatic stone " .
and within a few years , and in a few years ,
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced , or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
and , basically , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in the meantime , in the same year , at the same year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced at the bell labs , the next ,
the transistor was a small , a small , a small , a world that would take us from a world of all the static , static , building blocks to a world where it would all be a world where everything was a world that was a world where it was a world that was a world that was a world that was a world that was a world that was a world that would bring us .
like the concrete block , the transistor allows us to build more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more .
but there is a radio , the transistor was only for experts .
i , personally do not accept that , i , personally , do not accept that , that our time is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab eight years ago , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the power of the engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a few years ago years ago i started to develop , i started to develop ,
let me show you how they work .
i mean , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ,
they are the light , the light , the sound , the engine and the sensor .
and the best part is that they connect with the magnets together .
so you can 't put them together upside down .
the stones are stones .
green is issue , blue is power , pink is enter , and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big .
you put a blue one on a green one and you can turn the light .
you can put a switch in between , and so you set up a little , uh , a little , uh ...
you take the switch out to insert a , this is , and you put a little turn signal .
add this to these buzzer sounds for an additional effect and you have made a special delivery .
i will stop this .
beyond the simple , simple game , is actually quite powerful .
instead of programming , wire , wire , wire , or solder , it allows you to program with simple , everyday gestures .
so in order to speed up or slow down the signal , just turn this button and it will speed the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind is that it is a growing library .
we want to take every single interaction in this world into a stone that is a stone .
lights , sound , sound , engine , everything should be available .
we 've been handing out , you know , a bunch of kids , and we 've seen them play .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn in school
like how a night light works , or why the doors of the elevator , or how an ipod reacts to touch .
we have also brought , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have ,
so we , for example , we had designers with no experience in any of the electronic things that began to play with , you know , the , uh ,
here we see , with felt , paper , and water bottles , like ...
a few weeks ago , we took a few weeks ago , we took the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
here is an example of an example of a project that you did , a very , very , very , very .
but wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait , this is really my ...
it 's a lobster made of bread that 's afraid in the dark
for this , for this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and we want to make this stuff available to everyone .
so is the open source .
you can go to the website , download all the data files and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creators of the creator , the creator of the cast , for this world , where we live , this world , this world , this world , is our own ,
so , you go ahead and start making up .
thank you .
