and , of course , we all share the same fate .
we 're all born .
we 're running background checks .
we need to deal with the inevitable breakup of death , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of song , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
all these people are teaching us that there are other ways of learning , different ways of finding the way around the world .
and that 's an idea that , when you think about it , can only be filled with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a net of earthly life that is as important to the good of the earth as the biological amen .
the presidency is the great legacy of humanity .
she is the symbol of all that we are and what we are capable of as an amazingly resilient species .
and just as the biosphere was worn down , this was happening with only a greater speed .
and the crucial indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when every one of them was born in this room , 6,000 languages were spoken on earth .
now , a language is not just the totality of vocabulary or a series of examples .
a language is an expression of the human mind .
it is a means that the soul of a certain culture finds access to the material world .
every language is like a reflecting forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , a spiritual ecosystem of opportunity .
and those 6,000 languages today , while we 're sitting here in monterey , exactly half of them aren 't whispered in children 's ears anymore .
they 're not teaching any more , which means if nothing is done , they 're already dead .
what could be more lonely than being encased in silence , one of the last of your people who speaks your language , have no way of passing the wisdom of the ancestors or expecting children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on earth , like , every two weeks , because every two weeks , an older person dies and takes the last syllables of an ancient language into their grave .
let them be free . "
and then suddenly you 'd realize what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
so , in a way , i 'd like to take you on a journey through the nekrit expanse , a short journey through the nekrit expanse , trying to make you understand what has actually been lost .
now there are some among us who kind of forget that when i say " different ways of being , " really different ways of being .
for example , take this child of the amazon river king , the people of the anaconda , believe they run the log from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
this is a race that does not distinguish between colours blue and green , as in the sky is equal to the forest people depend on .
you have a peculiar language and an exercise called linguistic matters : you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
all this mythology in the mythological past , the curious of these great houses , speaking six or seven languages , however , is that you never hear anyone learning a language .
they just listen and then they start talking .
or , one of the most feared tribes i 've ever lived with , the galapagos islands in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people first contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries tried to contact , and made a mistake .
they threw down glowing photos of themselves from the air , which we would consider a friendly gesture , forgetting that these people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen anything so lifelike .
they picked up these photographs from the forest floor , tried to see behind the face or the character , found nothing and claimed that these were the devil 's business cards and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but not only did the outsiders kill with the spear .
they ran through each other .
54 % of deaths were caused by drone attacks .
but at the same time , you had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
your hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces away and determine what animals this animal belonged to .
in order to make sense of this sensation , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable belief in voodoo , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , this is a complex metaphysical poetess .
it 's interesting .
if i asked you to list the great writers of the year , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , buddhist or whatever .
a continent is always left out , because the assumption was that there is no religious belief in western europe , of course , and voodoo is simply the remnant of this very religious thought , which , during the tragic transformation of the eastern world .
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be extracted from under the great water , respond to the rhythm of the dance to temporarily repress the spirit of the living dance , so that the dance for a brief shining moment becomes god .
white people like to say , " you white people go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you 're possessed , you 're consumed with the spirit .
you see these amazing demonstrations , in a concentration of liquid coal , that red-hot coal without fire , an astonishing manifestation of the mind 's ability to manipulate the body in a state of extreme arousal .
well , of all the people i 've met , the original owners were from the sierra nevada nevada of santa marta , the most extraordinary .
the descendants of the ancient tyrant , the caribbean queen of colombia inhabit , and in the wake of the conquest , this people have retreated to a massive vulcan ship which is rising above the caribbean sea of commerce .
in a gory continent , these people were the only ones never conquered by the spanish .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood , but their training to be ordained is quite exceptional .
and throughout this time , they are culturally derived from the values of their society values that sustain the assertion that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic balance , or we could say the ecological balance .
it 's so wonderful .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
this level of intuition is very important .
well , natives are not sentimental , nor are they diminished by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he 's a location of a ghost or a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british columbia , thinking that these woods were meant to be taken down .
well , when you start looking at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photo i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is a metaphor many of you have heard of , the strongest binding compound from the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very powerful levels of serotonin , acetylcholine , and serotonin .
in case you 've ever seen the movie version of how you snort this stuff , this substance you manufacture from different species also contains trace amounts .
the snorting powder is like being shot at from a barrel of gun , lined with handmade paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it is not created by distortion of reality , but by dissolution of reality .
but the thing about bone marrow transplants is that they can 't be orally ingested because they are , of course , licensed in the human intestine with the names of diabetes .
they can only be taken orally with some other chemicals that mao quotations .
well , the fascinating thing is that the vines contain the vines are of the exact nature necessary to weed out the bite patterns .
how can these people from a flora of 80,000 species of plant species find these two non-human relatives who , when combined in this way , create a kind of sustainable version so that the whole thing is bigger than the sum of its parts ?
we use that great euphemism , attempt and error that turns out to be meaningless .
but when you ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , the shadow vessels , have 17 varieties of bird guano , which you all recognize at great distance in the forest that appears to our eyes to be some kind of a way .
and then you ask them how they base their water temperature and they say , " i thought you knew plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ?
well , it turns out you take every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a phd at harvard , but it 's a lot more interesting than counting class distinctions .
well , the problem is that even those of us who have sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives consider them colorful and colorful , yet somehow confine them to the past while the real world , i.e. our world ,
all cultures have participated in this dance over and over with new strains of life .
and the problem isn 't the technology itself .
the sioux became no less sioux when they surrendered their bows and arrows when the americans stopped being americans when they went riding horse and horse horse .
it is power , the ugly face of the government .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i do a lot of research to geronimo , they 'll see the ugly face of political domination .
you know , the genocide of man is generally convicted of genocide , but the genocide of man 's life , the destruction of man 's lifestyle , is not only judged , but celebrated as a part of a general and humane society .
and you can 't understand the suffering of tibet if you haven 't experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a disciple of the dalai lama .
that meant he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled to the himalayas with his holiness to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for the crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two to hide under her skirt , because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this brave act was taken to an underground camp .
one day she accidentally stepped on a 9 / 11 bracelet , and for that infraction , she had to spend seven years in a heavy labor camp .
tibet 's suffering can be unbearable , but the human spirit is something you can never forget .
would you like to live in a simpler world of monotony or a more chaotic world of variety ?
and it 's humiliating to think that maybe our species has existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution that brought us agriculture and in this moment , subjugated the cult of the shaman , replaced the poetry of the shaman by the prose of the priests , ordained by excess and created only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges that we face in the coming millennia .
if we ask this number of questions for the meaning of the continuum , you will answer with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a photo i took at the north end of the pier dedication when i went to the elementary school with young martinus , and this man , emmitt , told me a wonderful story about his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always been very good with the inuit , and during the hundred years of our reign , they were forced to move into settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who feared for his life took all his weapons and all his tools .
now , you need to know that the inuit aren 't afraid of the cold , they used it to their advantage .
the keys to your sled were originally made of fish that were wrapped in lead piping .
the man 's grandfather wasn 't afraid of the arctic night or the flying storm .
he slipped out , pulled down his pants out of thin air and squeezed into his hand and when the feces began to freeze , he shaped them in the form of a knife .
he sprayed saliva on the pages of the tree and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he dissected the dog and improvised a harness , took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a sled , so he grabbed another dog and beat it down the drain with the strap on his belt .
that way you can make something out of nothing .
and this is in many ways a symbol of the inuit and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government restored complete control of an area greater than california and texas together in april 1999 .
it is our new homeland . it is called frankia .
it 's an independent area , and they control all areas of power .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can seek and make amends with its people .
and in the end , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant ends of the earth , to see that they haven 't been removed at all .
you 're somebody 's favorite cat .
they represent parts of the human imagination that have thrived throughout the past , and for all of us , the dreams of these children become part of the geography of hope .
what we ultimately try for national geographic is that we believe that politicians never do anything .
we believe that sound effects may not be conclusive , but we believe that exposure to radiation can change the world , and so we are probably the best institution for internet activity in the world .
156 countries are sending our relief programs .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many key images in digital photographs here that can be seamless and continually changed , in any way possible .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we consider how big these collections are or how big the paintings are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in an area of 300 volumes .
it doesn 't matter , because the only thing that can limit the power of a system like this is the number of people on your screen at any moment , with a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of the art of war .
this is dickens ' home .
to prove that this is really a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to actually show that this is a real live version of the script and not a picture .
perhaps this is an artificial way of reading a book of poems .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a closed case , a copy of the guardian .
every great picture is the beginning of a leg here .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a real live webcast of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of psychic with multiple choice words .
we also did something on the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution much higher than a regular ad , and we added extra content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this is really coming up with the ideas to eliminate the limitations to available space on the screen .
we hope that means no more outbursts and other nonsense . that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , the higgs device is one of the really obvious applications for a technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we will be contributing to this area .
but these are all the roads in the narrows .
top of the nasa satellite photo .
let 's get something else out now .
it 's actually live on the internet now .
this is a project by the name of alcuin . it truly binds two different technologies together .
one is a university psychologist , and the other is a very good research on cyber attacks by noah , a university of washington , under the advice of steve guttenberg , at harvard ,
and rick kester of microsoft research , a very good collaboration .
so this is live on the internet , and it 's powered by wireless routers .
you can see that when we create this kind of view where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the multiple resolution .
but the spatial positioning of the images does matter here .
i 'm not sure i have time to show them other environments .
there are those who are much more enlightened .
we had to worry about lawyers and so on .
so this is all progressive , and they 're all socially oriented in relationships .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras - all in all of them , from the production value to professional surrogate mothers , a pretty large number of them all stitched up in this environment .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange ones .
many of them are covered by faces , and so forth .
somewhere around here are a series of photographs - here they are .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was recorded correctly .
we can switch from the poster to a physical view of the environment .
the point here is that we can do things with the social environment , and now all the data gathered from all the collective memory of what the earth looks visually like and everything is connected .
all these pictures are linked together , and it 's something bigger than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model from all over the earth .
consider this the continuing work of stephen sondheim 's to virtual earth .
and that 's something that grows by the complexity that humans use , and its use to the user with the application grows larger .
your own photos are labeled as metadata , which had been entered by another person .
and , of course , byproduct of all of these are immensely rich virtual models of every interesting part of the earth that were not just sustained by satellite image or satellite imagery but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software enables that at a certain point in the next few years , all the images that are being used together by someone in the world , in principle .
all she does is discover .
if you want , you can draw pictures between them .
and she does so because of the contents in the pictures .
and this is really exciting when you think about the wealth of classified information that many of these images possess .
like when you 're doing a live feed for pictures where you type in sentences and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about which picture this is .
but how about this picture connects you to all your pictures ?
then the volume of the exposed mass and the abundance that comes from it is really enormous .
blaise , that 's really incredible .
thank you very much .
i 'm going to tell you some things from my book that i hope are in line with other things you 've already heard , and i 'll try to make some connections myself , if you haven 't noticed .
i 'd like to start with what i call official dogma .
the official dogma of what ?
the official order of all western historical society .
the official dogma works this way , if our goal is to maximize the safety of our citizens , it goes primarily through the consolidation of the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , meaningful , a fundamental requirement for the human condition .
if people have freedom , then each of us is acting on ourselves to do the things that maximize our common good , and no one has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize elections .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common good they have .
this is , i think , anchored deep in our water supply , that it would never occur to anyone to question it .
and it 's deeply rooted in our lives , too .
i 'll give you some examples of what makes modern progress possible .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how the market is .
and then you go to the most profitable business in the world to put together a stereo speakers , speakers , a cd player , radio , amplifier , amplifier and this one electronics store has so many stereo systems .
we can put together 28,000 million different stereo systems from the components being offered in this one business .
you have to admit , that 's quite a choice .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have any telephone provider you wanted as long as it came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
the result was that the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we now have almost an infinite number of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the future cell phones .
my favorite is the middle - -- - -- - -- - -- - -- - --
and if you haven 't seen this in your business yet , you can be sure you will .
and what it does is make people walk into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other aspects of life , which are far more significant than buying items , the same explosion of choices strikes .
it 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you we could do a or we could do b .
" a " has these advantages and risks .
b has these advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what do i do ? "
the doctor says that " a " has these advantages and risks , and " b " has those advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and when you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's a tremendous marketing scheme for prescription drugs for people like you and me that when you think about it , it makes no sense at all because we 're not buying them .
why do they advertise us when we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change in prescription .
something as transparent as our identity is now a matter of choice how this foil should show .
we don 't inherit an identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as much as we want .
that means every day you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the marriage was that almost everyone had one , and they got married as fast as they could , and then had kids as fast as they could .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what you did after .
it 's easy to have these days .
i teach wonderful , intelligent students , and i give them 20 % less work than i did before .
and not because you 're less smart , and not because you 're less careful .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you 're asking yourself , " should i get married or not ?
should i get married later ?
they 're all questions .
and you will answer these questions regardless of whether it means doing all the tasks i assign you and not getting a good grade in my class .
these are important matters to ask .
we are blessed , as carl has proved , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every place on the planet except the randolph hotel .
by the way , there 's a corner i 'm not going to tell anyone about where the skimmer works .
i 'm not gonna tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work over and over again , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our phone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our laps .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute that we watch our kid mutilating one of those sex tapes , we 're also wondering , " should i take this call ?
should i respond to this e-mail ?
and even if the answer to the question " no , " i 'm sure it will imprint your child 's experience very differently than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a matter of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
what i 'm trying to say is there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world we live in now looks like this .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna do what 's bad about it .
all those choices have two effects , two negative effects on humans .
an effect , perfected wisdom , is that it paralyses rather than liberate .
with so many options to choose from , it 's very hard for people to even decide .
i 'm going to give you another drastic example of investing in voluntary retirement funds .
a colleague of mine had access to first aid agents by vanguard , the giant surveillance of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was the 10 percent share price the employer offered , took two percent off .
why ?
because there are 50 choices available , it 's so hard to decide which one to choose that they delay until tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
by not participating , they 'll give up to $ 5,000 a year from the campaign committee who would have been happy to add their contribution .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
you really want to make this decision right when it 's forever , right ?
they don 't want to dial the wrong investment fund or even the wrong salad dressing .
so that 's one effect , the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less satisfied with the outcome of the choice than if we had had had the chance to choose between less possibilities .
and there are several reasons for that .
the more opportunities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything that is disappointing for the choice you make .
second , what economists call nerve gas .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning by saying how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we compare them to .
well , if there are a lot of alternatives to consider , it 's just imagining attractive qualities of alternatives you 're excluding , which makes you less satisfied with the choices you 've chosen .
for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
there 's a couple here in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach , beautiful day .
what could be better ? " damn " the man thinks , " it 's august .
everyone in my neighbourhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks haunted by the thought that he missed the chance to have a great parking space day after day .
our choices make us feel better , even if what we have chosen is fantastic .
and the more opportunities there are to choose from , the more attractive characteristics that are taken into consideration in the selection process .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he makes a statement about living in the now and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point he makes is that whenever you choose one thing , you choose not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and it will make what they do less attractive .
three , escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i was changing my jeans .
i wear jeans most of the time .
so i went to buy new jeans after many years of old age 's workout , and i said , " i 'd like some jeans , here 's my size . "
and the salesman said , " do you want slim , light , or reach ? "
do you want buttons or zipper washing stone or acid ?
you want jeans with holes ?
if you 'd like to cut deep below , tissue damage , blah blah blah ... " and so on he told .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i 'd like the kind that used to be the only way . "
he had no idea what it was , so i spent an hour trying on all those damn jeans , and i left the store , and i 'm telling the truth about the best pair of jeans i 've ever had .
all the choices allowed me to have better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book trying to explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse with all these available resources , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans turned out to be .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i had gotten to what i expected , and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities to people 's lives inevitably increases the expectations that people have about how good those possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if you did , you wouldn 't all know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that in the past everything was better than anything was worse than anything was possible for people to experience that was a pleasant surprise .
today , in the world where we live , we are -- ( rich , careless citizen ) with perfection as expectation , the best thing you can ever hope for is that things are as good as you expect them to be .
you 'll never be comfortable because your expectations , my expectations are high .
that 's what they all came for . the secret to safe haven is low expectations .
i want to say a brief , painless moment that i 'm married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is you ?
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so when people make decisions , and even though the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world over the last generation .
and so it 's clear that we 're generally better , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there 's no question a little choice is better than none , but it doesn 't follow that more choices are better than a little selection .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we missed this point a long time choosing our common good .
now , as a rule ask , i 'm almost done as a rule as a rule to think about the thing , what makes all these choices possible in the corporate world , the material is wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we 've heard of many of them , whose problem isn 't too many to choose from .
your problem is you 're short .
so the things i 'm talking about are a weird problem in modern , rich , western societies .
and what 's so frustrating and infuriating is that steve levitt yesterday told you about how these expensive and elusive art projects don 't help .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated decisions it 's not easy for you not to help .
they even hurt .
they make us look worse .
if something that would allow the people of our society to make decisions like this to the societies where people have moved too few choices , not only would our lives be improved , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this an educational application .
- --
finally , please read this cartoon and , a highly advanced person , says , " ah !
" you know nothing is possible in this fishbowl . "
impoverished fantasy , a shortsighted view of the world and that 's the way i read it first .
but the more i thought about it , the more i felt the fish knew .
because the truth is that when you break that goldfish bowl , anything is possible , you have no freedom .
when you break the goldfish bowl so that everything is possible , you will lower the satisfaction .
you increase paralysis and decrease satisfaction .
everybody needs a goldfish bowl .
this is almost to be almost certainly too limited for the fish , possibly for us .
but being misplaced by a metaphorical goldfish bowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suppose , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point , we 've digitized biology , and now we 're trying to move from digital code into a new phase of biology by creating and building new lives .
we 've always tried to ask big questions .
it 's something i think a lot of biologists have tried to understand and on different levels .
we 've tried several approaches to streamline it to the minimal components .
we went digital for nearly 20 years , as we completed our transition from the imperfect world of biology to the digital world of computers .
now , we 're trying to ask if we can regenerate lives or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , sequenced to have the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've been trying to see if we can accomplish this with an even smaller genome .
we managed to pass on about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
so we decided that the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome , which allows us to actually ask the individual components , and so some of these fundamental questions vary .
and so we started asking , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow you to create these really big molecules that has never been done before ?
and if we can do that , can we turn the chromosome ?
a chromosome is just a piece of highly toxic material , by the way .
our steps to the inevitability of life were exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has grown very slowly but increased nonetheless , and our last item would now be on a circular curve .
we started 15 years ago .
in fact , it took several years to begin with a groundbreaking review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , time travel is very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a play , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to devise a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with digital information , phi x particle fountain .
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we constructed small pieces , did a skin biopsy and had a dna molecule of approximately 5,000 letters .
the most exciting phase came when we took this piece of contaminated chemical and put it into a bacteria , and that bacteria started to read the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles then released from the cells and returned to kill e. coli .
recently , i spoke to the oil industry , and you said you would fully understand this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that 's a situation in software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to start using digital information in the computer , that digital information really needs to be accurate .
by the time we completed the genome in 1995 , the sequence of dna was one error per 10,000 each .
if we 'd used the original sequence , it would never have been possible to drive up .
part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long and have to overlap with other styles to construct smaller venues to match .
we have unique elements here .
you may have heard that we 've installed solar panels .
think about it .
these letters code these letters , roughly 20 amino acids , and here , there 's a single design for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , phrases , thoughts .
at first we just signed .
some people were disappointed it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply break them up with enzymes , there are enzymes that can repair and make them whole again .
and we started making plays , starting with pieces that included musical notes to letters that were binding together to make musical notes to put them back together up to interpretation .
every step of the way , we produced these slices in excess so we could exploit them because we were trying to create a very sturdy process that you 'll see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point of origin .
well , this looks like a family portrait .
if we can get to these really big pieces with over 100,000 cubic feet , those won 't just grow in e. coli , it 's beyond all means of modern molecular biology , and we 've turned to other breakthroughs .
we knew of a mechanism called the cellular mitosis , which the biology used to repair dna that could make those pieces together .
here 's an example of this , there 's an organism called ug99 's disease , which can withstand three million rads of radiation .
you can see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything came back to normal .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely desiccated , they can even live in a vacuum .
i 'm absolutely certain that life in space can exist and move in search of any outside conditions .
actually , nasa showed that there 's a lot of it out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule we made using these processes - - in fact , we only used the right design of the pieces - - put them together automatically .
this is not a negotiation . it 's a regular rally .
it 's such a large molecule that we can even see it with the quantum computer .
this is footage of a duration of six seconds .
this is the paper we just finished .
it 's over six figures in binary code , and it 's the largest molecule with heuristic structure ever created by humans .
it 's got over 300 million in billings .
if we printed it out with a page of 10 and didn 't print it , it would entail 142 pages only to limit this genetic code .
well , how do we initiate a chromosome ?
apparently , dealing with a virus is very simple .
it 's also easier when you 're doing it in bulk as we are , you just take out the donor pool and put in another , and that 's exactly what you 've all heard about the clone .
by dna sequence , the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but only recently , we 've shown that you can perform an entire transplant from one cell to another and activate it .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we were trying to move the process along .
this is the evolutionary process of evolution .
we 're going to find all kinds of species here that took a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , thousands of dna sequences in one second to a species .
people who imagine evolution as a gene that will change at a time has missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes that are called cause cells that actually digest dna .
the chromosome that was in the cell doesn 't have any , the chromosomes that we 've inserted in it already .
it was shut down in the cell and realized the other chromosome as foreign matter turned it off , and all we ended up with was a cell with a new chromosome .
it was blue because of the genes we added in .
and after a very short period , all characteristics of the species had been lost and converted to a new species based on the new software we put in the cell .
all the proteins have changed the membranes when we read the genetic code , that 's exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like myasthenia gravis , but we can move the ball back , change things pretty dramatically .
now i have argued that this is not the genesis , it 's based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i argued that we might be creating a new form of the thermonuclear explosion in which there could be massive new production value based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're looking at six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for everyone who existed in 1946 ; within 40 years , there will be four .
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for six billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 450 billion barrels of oil .
if we think about biological processes or any process to replace that , it 's gonna be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from the materials that land in the atmosphere .
we now have , from our discoveries all over the world , a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the future tense .
the infostamp had a dozen components , and look at the diversity that came from it .
we are here primarily to push the boundaries of biological reality and to that of our imagination .
we have technology today due to these rapid cell regeneration techniques to do what we call cross-species genetics .
we now have the opportunity to construct a large robot capable of making millions of chromosomes a day .
if you can imagine creating these 20 million different genes or optimize these processes to create vaccines , or develop new vaccines , we can change more with just a small team of molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's only temporary selection , and we can go to decades of ecological development , production of chemicals or chemicals or whatever .
this is a recording of actual web design that we design that you actually sit down with and know new species on the computer .
you know , we don 't exactly know what it 's gonna look like .
we are now concentrating on the fourth generation heat wave .
they recently saw corn for ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we have primary schools of thought and third generation that will come out relatively soon , which will have much higher brain rates , like carbon emissions or different types of greenhouse gases .
but , as we think , the only way that biology would have a major impact without further adding to food or restriction of their availability is when we see co2 as a carbon source , and so we 're working on cells that way ,
and we think that we 're gonna be the first with the fourth generation cancer in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all sorts of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the depths of the sea , about eighty miles , near boiling ground .
it converts co2 to methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're investigating whether we can use compressed co2 , which could be simply linked to co2 , converting the co2 into fuel to propel this process .
within a short period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .
yeah , if you couldn 't do that with ted , where else ?
but right now , we 're working on using the same approaches to developing facial recognition .
you 've seen it with the flu this year , we 're always a year behind , and we 're a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by creating vaccines in the vaccines labs .
this is what the future could possibly look like with changes , the market price today can be accelerated with synthetic bacteria , carbon dioxide , and maybe even methamphetamine .
we are light-years away from making people better , and our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do that .
at the last ted conference , i gave my orientation to the dc universe .
and i promised to come back and explain to you how the machine works .
and for all those who weren 't there at the time , the computer virus is the greatest scientific experiment ever undertaken 27 kilometres in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions which existed less than a second after the dawn of the universe and up to 600 million times in a second .
it 's just stunningly ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 'll pick up images of these machine gun detectors .
this is what i 'm working on .
here is a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the propeller shaft .
on september 10th , last year , the machine turned on for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused immense joy in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first cylon detector buzzing around the base of the skull , then accidentally collided with a portion of the cylon detector to put particles on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this has produced the greatest cheering or if this was when someone visited the google site and found the web site thus .
it means we 've reached a cultural influence beyond the science .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine which had to do with these wires these golden wires here .
these wires run wireless amps when the machine runs on voltage cables .
well , the engineers under you will look at them and say , " no , they don 't .
they can do that , because if you cool them very far , they become what they call " night blindness . "
at minus 271 degrees , so colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the voltage .
in one of the connections between over 200 magnets in the central terminal , there was a power surge .
causing the wires to heat slightly and irregular electrical resistance suddenly encountered electrical resistance .
this was the result .
well , this is even more impressive if you imagine the magnets weighing over 20 tons and shifting by about an inch .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove what we did .
we redid them , repaired them .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the emergency beacon will be back online .
we 're gonna turn it on and expect to collect first data in june or july and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way such accidents will rekindle the debate over the value of science and science on such borders .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our borders is the value of things like the welfare state .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but it 's more than that , of course .
it 's also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to ever change .
however , recent events in my life and my career have led me to completely rethink my involvement in this work .
the result is that wherever i go , i 'm treated like i 'm doomed .
seriously - - doomed !
for example , you come up to me worried and say , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never beat that success ?
aren 't you afraid of writing all your life and never creating another book that anyone in the world cares about ?
okay , that 's really courage .
people said , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never succeed ? "
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you will pursue this craft all your life and nothing ever comes out of it and that you will die on a pile of junk dreams filled with the bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all these things .
and i always have .
and i 'm afraid of a lot more things no one would suspect .
like algae - - and scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it lately and wondering why .
is that wise ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to do the work that they feel they 're called to do ?
and what exactly is going on with creative enterprise that makes us insecure about mutual status in a way other professions don 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist who was asked if he was afraid to be a chemist .
with your record , john , how are you doing with that ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of chemists have not received the call of anyone with bipolar manic-depressive disorder .
we writers seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of all genres , you seem to have a reputation for mental instability .
all you have to do is look at the bitter cold cuts of really great minds alone from the 20th century that died young and often by itself .
and even those who didn 't actually commit suicide seemed to have been really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said , just before he died in his last interview , that every one of my books killed me a little bit more .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea all right with you ?
are you comfortable with that ?
i think you 're disgusting .
and i don 't want to see it taken over to the next century .
i think it would be better if we encouraged our great creative to live .
and i definitely know that it would be for me - - in my situation - very dangerous to start , to lead this dark path of assumption , especially in the fact that i 'm in my career right now .
i mean , i 'm pretty young .
i may have 40 more inside of me .
and it 's highly likely that from now on , anything i write from the world will be judged as the work that came after the phenomenal success of my last book , right ?
i 'll say it straight , because we 're all kind of friends here now - - it 's highly likely that my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
those are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 a.m. , and i don 't want that .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after a while of writing , it seems to me that in order to continue writing ,
somehow , from now on , i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between myself and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the writing will be .
this search led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed creativity was some kind of divine immortality elixir that came to man from a distant , unknown source for unexplainable , unknown reasons .
the greeks used to call these divine ironies of creation unholy demons .
socrates is known to believe he has a demon who tells him wisdom from afar .
the romans came up with the same idea , called this kind of playful spirit a bloodthirsty genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a particularly intelligent individual .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - - the psychological construct to protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
the art director 's artist was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take the credit , everyone knew that you had this brilliant genius that helped you .
when your work fails - - not entirely your fault , is it ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how people in the west really thought about creativity for a long time .
it 's the start of the rational concept and people began to believe that creativity has come from its own individual completely .
for the first time in history , you hear people calling this artist or this artist a genius instead of having a genius .
i have to tell you , i think this was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
it distorts and distorts entire egos , and it creates all these unattainable expectations of success .
i think that our artist friend has been destroying our artists for the last 500 years .
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true , the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps to an ancient understanding of the relationship between humans and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't just erase the ideas of 500 years of rational conversation in a rousing lecture .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would declare really reasonable scientific doubt about the idea of - - basically fae who follow people and follow their projects and so on .
i probably won 't be able to take all of them on this trip .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think of it that way ?
because it makes as much sense as anything i 've heard about explaining the perfectly insane characterization of the creative process .
a process which , as everyone knows , has ever tried to do anything , so in other words , everyone here , doesn 't always behave rationally .
in fact , sometimes it can feel downright unsanitary .
she said it was like a passing train of air ,
who would look down on you over the country .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew she could only do one thing at a time like this , and that was , in her words , running like the devil .
and then there were these moments - - i 'll never forget that part - - she said there were moments she almost missed .
she grabbed the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it over to the paper .
on these occasions , the poem came through perfectly and intact on paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was creepy - - that 's exactly how my creative process works .
this is nothing like my creative process - - i 'm not the channel !
to be able to work every day , i have to get up and sweat , sweat , and work really hard .
but even i , in my uniform , sometimes brushed by that thing .
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had jobs or ideas coming out of a source that i can 't really identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we deal with this without losing our minds , but in fact , keeping ourselves in sanity ?
for me , the best living example of how to do this is the tom waits musician .
and you know what , most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist who was trying to control and cope with this uncontrollable creative impulses that lived in him .
but then he got older and calmer and he told me that one day he was on a highway in los angeles and that 's when everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he begins , this old agitation of anxiety , like i 'm gonna lose this thing , and i 'm gonna be haunted by this song forever .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't make it .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished all the thinking and did something completely new .
he just looked up at the sky and said , " excuse me , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could write a song right now ?
if you really want to exist , come back at a more convenient time when i can take care of you .
if not , today is someone else 's torture .
go torture leonard cohen .
his whole acting career changed after that .
not the work itself , it was still as dark as ever .
it may have been a strange , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the alien , what was not entirely tom .
when i heard that story , it also changed a little bit the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of times .
i was beginning to think i should just abandon the project .
but then i remembered tom talking to heaven and i tried .
so i took a look at the manuscript and i said my comment towards an empty corner of space .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you see i 'm investing everything i have .
so if you want it better , you have to come here and keep your end of the bargain .
okay .
i 'm still gonna keep writing , because that 's my job .
and i would like to go on record that i was here today for my part of the job .
centuries ago , in the deserts of south africa , people gathered at sacred dances and music that were held for hours by dawn .
those parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something special happened , and one of the performers was actually being filmed .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen such a performance in your life .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer came through some sort of portal and he did nothing different than he ever did before , 1,000 nights before , but everything just worked out .
and all of a sudden , he no longer seemed human .
he was lit up from the inside and lit up from the bottom , and everything was lit up by a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical :
and that 's great , because we need this .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning , when the dancer wakes up himself and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday , and he no longer carries a glimmer of god inside him .
he is merely an aging mortal with aching knees , and he may never ascend to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name when they turn , but what 's he gonna do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
it 's one of the most practical corrections of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be all that torment if you didn 't believe that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence would come from you .
maybe if you just believe that you 're on loan from an unimaginable source for an exquisite time of your life , which will be passed on to someone else when you 're done with it .
if we start thinking about it like that , it changes everything .
so i started to think , and so i certainly think over the past few months while i was working on the book that will soon appear to be the dangerous , terrifying successor to my far distant success .
what i have to tell myself all the time when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
keep up your contribution , whatever he may be .
if your job is dancing , dance .
if the stupid divine genius who stands by your side decides to show a glimmer of wonder through your efforts , then ol !
and if not , dance your dance anyway .
and ol , ol , for you in spite of it all .
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
for you , in spite of everything , just because you have just human love and stubbornness to be there for .
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate how the arctic ice cap was equivalent to roughly three million years of the lower 48 states by shrinking 40 % .
but that doesn 't express the gravity of this particular problem because it doesn 't show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the beating heart of our global warming .
it grows in winter and shrinks in summer .
the next slide i show you is an ornament what 's happened in the last 25 years .
i 've got a red mark on the port nacelle .
as you can see , it is growing on the dark blue , the annual ice cream in winter , shrinking in the summer .
the so-called bone fragment , five years old or older , is almost like blood coming out of this body .
in 25 years , it 'll be gone from here to here .
this is a problem because the warming thaws the frozen cause around the arctic ocean where there are large quantities of carbon that , when it is converted to methane .
compared to the full amount of contaminants in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we cross that critical point .
even today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane bubbles out of the water by itself .
professor katie walter from the university of alaska travelled with another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how are we gonna do ?
and one reason this enormous amount of ice is warming greenland from the north .
this is an unlawful entry .
but the volume is much larger than ever .
this is the widest river in greenland .
if you want to know how sea levels go through evaporation , here it flows into the sea .
these rivers are growing rapidly .
on the other side of the planet , the antarctic , the biggest oil pipeline on the planet .
last month , scientists reported that the entire continent now has a negative economic policy .
and the aluminum foil that popped up over a few heat lamps is particularly strong in the melting .
this equals 20 feet of greenland .
in the himalayas , the torrential downpour , they see new lakes up there that were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world get half of their cash out of this fucking window .
in the andes , this glacier is the source of this city .
i 'm sorry .
but if they dry up , most of the drinking water will be there .
in california , a 40 percent reduction in the rate of the sierra movement has been seen .
this concerns the balance of power .
and the predictions , as you 've read them , are serious .
this desiccation throughout the world leads to a dramatic increase in firing .
and disaster throughout the world has put on a really enormous scale and never before put on an enormous scale .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 50s .
this is a completely bipartisan ticket .
if you look at this in the historical context , you can see what it does .
over the past five years , we have produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours , 25 million tons a day into the oceans .
look closely at the area of the eastern pacific from the american continent west of the indian trading system , where there 's a drastic reduction in the ocean seas .
the biggest factor in global warming besides logging land which makes 20 % is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the two greatest financial institutions , along with china .
and the proposal was to build a lot of extra homes .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been canceled over the past few years with some green alternatives that have been proposed .
there 's a political debate in our country .
and the regulators and marketing managers have spent a gazillion dollars trying to apply clean coal , which is a contradiction in terms .
that picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , at my house in tennessee , a billion tons of underwater cameras .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is the most beautiful country in america .
this happened at christmas .
one of the tv commercials at christmas was this one .
frosty the milky way is a rugged , jolly fellow .
it exists in abundance in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , the snow cone gets cleaner every day .
it 's affordable and lovable , and workers stay in salary and bread .
this is the source of most of the cash in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is massey coal .
al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , you don 't know what you 're talking about .
so the alliance for joust has started two campaigns .
this is one , part of her .
at this time of crisis , we see that climate change is a serious danger to our business .
so we took it upon ourselves to the supreme court , to spend a substantial amount of money to get a promotion going to get the truth about money .
the fact is , money 's not dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good .
so don 't worry about the climate change .
leave it to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so let 's take a tour of these modern , clean , industrial areas .
fantastic !
but it 's the sound of clean water bottles .
and yet the burning of coal is one of the main event for global warming , the remarkably clean surface temperatures you see here changes everything .
take a good look at it , this is today 's clean linen .
finally , the positive alternative is mixing with our economic challenge and our national security challenge .
america is in crisis , the economy , national security , the food industry .
the red thread that connects them all is our dependence on foreign oil like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there 's a brave new solution to get us out of this predicament .
rewire america 100 % clean electricity for the next 10 years ,
a plan to get america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
find out more .
this is the last one .
it 's about a debt of america .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty molecules that strangle our world .
the future is here .
new investments to create high-paying jobs .
it 's time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be quick , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together . "
we have to get far , and fast .
thank you .
i want to start by asking you to look back at the time of your childhood when you were playing with matches .
while you realized how to reach out and seek out the truth and move around , you actually learned how to think and solve problems by understanding and changing fundamental truths .
the spatial reasoning is closely linked to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and explore space issues .
in short , a computer terminal is a state-of-the-art computer the size of a computer system .
they can be moved by the hand , they can perceive each other , they can capture their movements , and they have a screen and a screen and a television screen .
more importantly , they 're physical , which is why , like , you can just move them through your hands and your hands .
and the satellite imagery is an example of a new generation of digital data manipulation .
and if these means become physical tools and develop a consciousness for their movements , identify each other and perceive the subtleties of our conversation process with them , then we can begin the exploration of new and entertaining clientele .
i 'll start with some simple introductions .
that partial plate is configured for the fold , and if i dump it one way , the video goes forward ; if i toss it the other way , it goes backwards .
and these pornographic portraits really embrace each other .
so if i put them right next to each other , it 'll get their attention .
when you 're surrounded by alien species , you also notice and can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and pitch .
an interesting sequence of interactions that we began to detect was that we could use mundane gestures on dates like pouring colours in the way you do with liquids .
in that case , we 've configured three decoy drones as a decoy , and i can use them to pour paint in the one in the middle where they get mixed up .
if we overdo it , we can do a little tinkering .
there are also some nice opportunities in education like languages , mathematics , or economics , where we give people the opportunity of a quick study and the results immediately .
here i am- - this is a blood sample i 'm gonna run with a simple blood sample .
it 's a game of words that 's kind of a mix of scrabble and boggle .
basically , you get every round of letters randomly marked and while you 're trying to form words , they 're tested over a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new line of work and you try new possibilities .
thank you .
that 's some kids coming to the media lab on a field trip , so i got them to try it out and tape it .
you really loved it .
an interesting fact about this kind of applications is you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words , " and you know exactly what to do .
there 's some people here to test it .
that 's our youngest rebel base down there on the right .
turns out he was just stacking the deck cabinets .
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive strategy game .
we were trying to develop a tracking system for environmental control systems .
this is felix .
he can bring in new characters by lifting the block from the table showing this character .
here he sets the sun .
the sun is rising
now he 's bringing in a tractor .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the star layer and setting it side by side , he can have the interaction with the characters ...
... make up his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it 's gonna turn out .
flying cat .
the last example that i have time for today to show is an emergency programme for a sound system which we recently developed and operate in the sound system as sound , like drums , bass and drums .
each has four different variations , you can choose which one you want to use .
and you can put those tones in the sequence , which , in turn , you can order in random patterns .
and you feed it by simply holding a nucleus to a network server .
there are effects to be changed live , like hall and filter .
you connect him to a certain tone and then you tie him to a set .
and then greater effects , like tempo and volume , applied to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we begin by narrowing the field parameters into two basic rules and ordering them in a row , adding a little more voice .
now i 'm adding a bass .
now i 'm gonna add some drums .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by dropping the speed one way or the other .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the bass for a little more expression .
i can move the sequence as it expires .
that way , i don 't have to plan you ahead of time , but i can improvise ;
and in conclusion , i can block out the whole sequence by going left on the ambient noise .
thank you .
so as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new nervous systems that go better with the way our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to show you a piece of this new exhibit and some of the ways we work on in our lab .
the thought i want to bring to you is that we are on the verge of this new generation of interaction with digital media , connecting information to our world that meets our needs .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to you all !
hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , so , what 's the deal ?
i 'm going to have to back up a little bit for now , and that 's because apparently , organic molecular biology is working on the modern molecular biology .
i 've been studying molecular biology , and i 've been studying molecular biology for a few years now , and i started doing that because i just wanted to be more specific , and most of all , want to do it myself , which i learned in theory .
well , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i wanted to get closer to the matter , like this .
i think that molecular biology in general now , which is generally speaking , biotechnology , anything you count on synthetic biology and so on ,
what 's extremely important is that now is extremely important and is much more important in the future .
there are so many things controversial like all those genetically engineered plants on the planet surface .
there 's craig venter from the pod people trying to make ncgobo , so fuel is algae .
among them , there are things that have come into everyday life , which most people don 't even realize , such as silica enzymes that allow us to wash at 40 degrees are also genetically engineered .
and the list can go on forever .
and so out of interest in this technology , i just went further in there .
so why hack now ?
most people know it from the ' 80s .
hacking computers , and then in the media , it 's like , yeah , hackers break in somewhere and steal data and so on .
that 's kind of sad , because it 's not what she started out like , and what 's behind it .
and that 's when the ' 70s started the seventies , drug problems , and that 's where the internet came from .
and it 's all about a creative , original way of solving a problem .
and it 's just been upgraded with software , but there 's also a software company that does all kinds of freaky stuff with computer stuff .
but it 's also a code , and you can program it , and you can also hack it , like that , and i find that incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get into it a lot deeper .
it actually took only 2,000 really shape , these networks .
there 's dot org , which is originally from switzerland , with europe and a cooperation in india , but has members or active people all over the world .
but it 's always about finding such a casual access to have such a casual way with it .
and then there 's loopy dot org , step tall .
it 's more of a forum where you meet and discuss online .
they 're a little technical minded and a little action on the way , so they 're asked , yes .
and based on those networks making the whole thing popular , it just kind of turned out to be a scene i 'd like to sketch for a second .
up here on the left side , you see a group of people , it 's a school , basically a private school , community center , where anyone can go .
kids , old , all kinds of people just go there to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what you can do when those cancer kids are watching .
down here on the left , there 's a group in indonesia . they 're known for a long time .
longer than those other two networks .
they also occupy themselves in an artistic aspect of biological materials and , yes , combining them in a rather fanciful way .
and i have a lecture upstairs in copenhagen in copenhagen in combination with an exhibit on the subject .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that unites you is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it and specifically approach society and ask , so , okay , what do you know , what do you want to do , do you have any interest in bringing you in like this ?
so , okay , to hack biology now , you kind of need material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or what you normally understand about a lab , these are some kind of screwed-up machines , extremely expensive , extremely remote , just academic trained professionals with phds and so on .
and our approach was to say halt , okay , you don 't actually have to do that .
it 's not really necessary , because every particle of technology is actually more advanced than most of the field generators .
and s , with that premise on that premise , for example , brian groups of people in england were trying to piece together an oxygen tube , then took a heat regulator , and , yeah , so fried , and then it basically works for bacteria .
anyone who 's ever had a rotten soup , who 's left it too long , has made it before .
so i tried to expand it at my lab , and then i bought a bunch of stuff on ebay and did a little bit of prenatal analysis , trying to get a paternity test , so , like ,
and this is a psychology professor who just mentioned programming experience , this yes , sort of a community college for molecular biology .
and , yeah , well , you can see it 's relatively conservative , so there are people who do it alone at home , down to big , bigger organizations that sort of technically operate it in a more formal fashion .
and that was the point , okay , who are we , what do we want , what do we want to say ?
and what are our values and what are our objectives , our basis ?
and that 's when we worked out some sort of ...
that was pretty intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , his and what moves them , then .
there was , in my opinion , a very good code .
and then we don 't have it , but it 's binding , so yeah , i guess it 's pretty good , because people are pretty confident about it .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but it didn 't get there that way .
well , i think we 're from the academic world , in that respect .
yeah , what kind of projects are we doing now ?
one of the projects i did with the swiss guard myself was that we wanted to create a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we pulled out a compressed brenner and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and i 'm afraid that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot .
a different project from that french group in paris , that worked out pretty cool .
and he did some sort of , you know , a degree in brain chemistry or something like that , so he worked in neurobiology , his nickname 's sam toomey .
he made this helmet , and in cooperation with the museum , that was it .
then the visitors could enter the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you thought , or how you thought , there were different lights going on in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that has to do with this world of darkness is the most complicated word .
so it 's about copying gene , replicating ... replicating ... replicating ... replicating ... fragments ... making it visible .
and the machines that do this kind of thing are so expensive that you buy commercially the least expensive go at 4000 euros .
and that 's not in the dating game , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
so that 's just one application of many to do with it .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but anyway , it 's still not cheap now , but it 's definitely in a frame where it 's clearly marked .
so in my opinion , this is a terrific hack .
a project i started the other day was to build an oil company .
yeah , it 's like some kind of metal thing that shoots , like , two inches or something .
you put chili peppers on your head , and then you put them in those spaghetti sauce , and then i shot them on onions and made them glow like this .
well , that device you see didn 't work .
but this is so my prototype , which looked pretty awesome on a branch , the thing on it , electronics on it , and the pressure was too high , and the thing broke .
and then i took a memory chip and hooked it up .
if you fill the tank with water , it 's got enough pressure , so i think it 's about 40 to 50 .
and then you can speed up the particles strong enough , and then they go in the onion too .
and the commercial device costs , like , 17,000 euros or something , or something , about 50 .
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , at the moment , that 's the main attraction of the scene to increase the availability of technology and also to increase the information and the lack of information
because , as i was saying at first , it 's extremely important technology , and most people don 't know much about it , and they don 't have a chance to make up for it .
because if you just read about it , out of magazines , it 's not the same as when you 've done it or seen it yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more and more important in our modern societies .
and if , as a responsible citizen , you want to make meaningful decisions in society and have a say , then you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to make it and understand .
and that 's gonna be under the australian open sausage and citizen science .
so as a citizen , it 's possible to deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is the poster child from the fiji islands .
these are the people who at least officially signed up on the website , tumblr website .
that 's a relatively significant number of people around the world .
and what 's interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
that 's what i think . there are fewer people in there than actually exist .
so i know about some people who haven 't signed up .
and these are just the privacy laws , the individual people .
some of them are also registered with these locations .
and that 's right in the beginning .
like i said , it 's only just begun .
and , of course , the berlin airlift , as the berlin express train was the first to arrive .
and this has become a giant network of very good , yes , financial firms that are represented all over the world .
and , of course , we hope that we can also spread our share of the same bonds and then be equally well connected so that more people can get involved .
and i 'd invite everyone to look into it and try something on their own .
it 's not that simple now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity and put enough energy into it , you can go a long way .
thanks for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do humans actually work ?
it 's a question that moves me very much as a designer , but also in the field of professional sports and most of all in the area user experience .
it 's about how you meet people in mediums , so they can use these mediums , and create a most satisfying experience .
because i believe that the mainstream media within us archaic cognitive models , so it 's programming in our biological memory a very , very long time ago , and that we can now re-create it through interactive media .
and that 's really amazing , because you actually believe that this , uh , space thing that you come across , that it actually brings you into the future , but actually , it 's like the future is right here with us , with our root issues .
now , what are archaic models ?
i once wrote down four names and i 'd like to explain them .
in the most prestigious cognitive models , these are the models we have acquired in the most challenging times .
in principle , we have a natural relationship with the female population .
that sounds unusual in principle .
i 'm going to take this up again , and i 'm going to prove to you that you , too , have a natural relationship with the nra .
the second aspect is that since we 've been studying this language we are quite capable of speaking very , very graphic models , although we do use a contemporary language .
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the neo-liberal mediums are defined by the definition of rejection , which includes the negation of the main clause , and which of course tells us that today we feel the rating is normal .
the fourth point is that the story for us is a place of futility .
how about the one with the south station , which is actually the most natural thing in the world ?
let me prove it to you .
how many doors do you live in ?
we 're not going to be able to answer that immediately , but here 's what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
you walk through this house in spirit , into the house you live in , and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what they do .
they 're masking reality without a computer .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and we make an effort to present virtual reality to our reality system , when we can actually do that all the time .
and these fortunes , virtual reality , they also needed people in the darkest of times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or they didn 't have a backup file .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was her head .
and in that head was the memory .
knowledge was retrieved in this head and using these virtual images , the imagination , have just been passed on as well .
and that 's why it 's so deeply embedded in us that we 're so good at balancing the narrative .
the interesting thing about it is if i can take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at the same time , man was a medium himself .
if you think a little further .
what 's media today ?
then you 'll realize there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right to that .
fundamental tool of manufacturing has always been stories .
shamans , priests , so-called ancients , were specifically designed to preserve knowledge in stories .
and even today , we 're very , very fond of stories .
according to the author of the book of the indispensable animal , jonathan franzen , according to our yearly report , we still converse with stories at reception of ...
that means for a child who has spent most of his life with the front desk of stories up to the arrival of the children .
now we think our love of stories hangs on our parents ' lap as a child .
no , no , far from it .
this goes way back , in the cultures of inflationary times .
for me , however , in the field of media as particularly impressive is that , per se , we have anchored in our biological memory , the ability to think clearly .
i 've brought you an example of the north american tribe of south america .
and they lived in the plague of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very volatile area , and you had to somehow navigate from island to island to get food .
and they did this to what they call " the vampire executions . "
maybe you 've heard of it , too , if you 're a little interested in it , from the australian natives .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have any protein bars . they use them like that . they use them like that .
and what 's interesting is that the navigation and the transmission centers of regions can be mapped with songs .
which was subject to language of comparative rank .
it means you learn about sounds and rhythm .
and that sound and that rhythm have the geology of a region depicted as the soil of a region and that of course has also allowed these songs to be played together and put together in a way to the left , to the right , to the right .
but why aren 't we singing to get from top to bottom ?
at least not to navigate .
what happened ?
when it happens , it 's the most depressing thing .
we moved earlier in the so-called postal tunnel .
what happened was the blood clot , and happened the book , and it happened .
which is exactly what happened , that we have removed the responsibility for our memories and our own production of our individual memories on external media .
the book and the painting .
so , alas , we have lost the practice of god .
we 've become strangers to each other and nothing to do with reality .
from stem to stern to stern .
what influences our thinking and memories ?
then they are far more destructive influences from the minoan cultures .
and they will be signed over more and more over over over the centuries by the influences of the easter moon .
which means , instead of remembering individually , we have documented , widely circulated , lots of memories we can attach to our personal memories .
we 're not producing ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we don 't picture things in pictures anymore , we picture them in pictures , we paint them in our language .
we 're used to things happening linear .
and we 've accepted the law as law , and there are only exceptions , like the rule of law .
what we have left is the core material .
we 're still very , very , very much under arrest for the bombing of afghanistan .
the question is , what 's next ?
we had the vogt above the system , we had the follow system , and we are now doing the so-called test .
that sounds very sci-fi . i know .
but these concepts of the drinker , they bring these opportunities back to us to rediscover our abilities .
it 's about cryptography .
let me explain .
there are technical concepts such as the environmental reality , meaning the broader reality .
of course , as crazy as this may sound in the context of my holodeck program , we are physically moving into an uncharted , virtual worlds completely by the example of the holodeck .
and another example is the most complex , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can respond intelligently to a person .
all of this needs the ability to accept our basic ability to perceive as an actual habitat .
i graduated , and i hope the video works , brought back a very , very nice project , this is michael burk 's limo ride , joris ,
and the latter are here today as well .
maybe you guys can get up for a second so they can talk about the project with them during recess .
and this project i brought as an example of how to be addressed again to this hyperactive cognitive models .
this is a game , i must say .
which , of course , is extremely destabilizing and is a computer game .
and when i say video games , you 're probably looking at people waving at any of their consoles or playing with some kind of console .
definitely doing that in there .
this is a game for the outside .
and this is specifically designed to make me discover the outside world , so i 'm discovering the real world again .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce to the real world .
i apologize for cutting so hard .
you can explain it much better , there 's more to it than that .
and it 's about me discovering a city by seeing which places they tweeted positive or negative .
and so i get a very different view from the city , a very different impression , which is how i see negative and positive zones of a city , and this way i get a completely different virtual map from a very real city .
and we can take a look at that now .
ah , what you can see here , excuse me , is a small explanation of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this bag is a talking bag and mine will speak instead .
he 's not gonna do that .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but i 'm still a little curious .
yeah , kids are naturally curious or should be curious , designers are .
i 'm an interior decorator from home , so of course i also deal with the subject of curiosity and how curiosity changes our minds again , and why might we lose curiosity and need to revisit it and so forth ?
it 's a whole series of things you deal with besides being an operative .
when professors get curious , they get sent to a fancy restaurant .
and this is what i 've had in the last six months .
a computer glitch on the subject of natural user interface design .
now you 're going to wonder why all the subjects start to engage in so natural , adaptive , tactile communication , interaction and so on .
and i 'm just holding up one of these little devices , because things are supposed to keep getting more and more natural , more naturally , and you have to look , what is natural to us people , what is mindless or intuitive .
so i 've been thinking about when something is natural or intuitive .
might need to take another look .
why is this even happening ?
so , if we look at the development of our society , represented here for a moment , then we move from third to fourth , or third to fourth .
so from the modern world to the top .
every society is shaped by a primal instinct .
in the beginning , the language is the language .
that means you found yourself speaking a common language , you could communicate with each other , move into the same cave or other areas , build cities or villages , so to speak .
but the problem was the language , something very natural , something very alive .
you had to learn , so no infant can speak naturally , but we learn to live it up and relative .
that was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
that was a ' 80s movie back then , of course , because you started to manifest the living language in the form of scripture , which means what is fluid and living , i start and i manipulate it into stone , and so i also manipulate it .
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , of course , it 's a different kind of reporting , as if one of them is actually alive .
but in the end this scripture was a symbol of peace , it entered .
then came the next generation we actually live primarily in today .
that 's the print and printed print with gutenberg and others .
at the time , it was an affront , where nobility , clergy and others said , " are you really mad when the people start reading , then they 'll decide afterwards , and that 's totally insane .
which totally confuses us , of course , because on one hand , we see the new media , social media , facebook , et cetera .
and these two worlds are banging on each other , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing about it is that when you look at this , this new society , these secret societies , they experience a lot of mechanisms , principles , and numerical equations from the persuasion .
but now not on the local level , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that ecology is a global theme .
not when i 'm thinking environmentally friendly , and the neighbor thinks less ecologically , it doesn 't work anymore .
so from the local village has become a global village with the same principles , most natural , but total transparency .
the way people knew back in the village , who was involved with whom and when , these days , it 's going to be happening to us through these mobile economies on a global scale .
unless we pile up knowledge global and keep piling up faster and better .
just as it happened in the village .
before the background , i was just looking at it , what does it mean , what 's natural for us , what 's natural for us , what 's the difference between us ?
because people often come , they can 't do it properly so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , what does that mean , and not just change it , it 's different , it 's supposed to get better .
you study , study , study , study and study .
and that 's something to start and look and say , okay , now i 'm just gonna look inside myself .
what 's it like in there ?
so how do we work when we look in there ?
and what actually means , of course , intuitive , and how do our channels of perception work and how cognitive processing works ?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig a way to understand how it works .
so you really have to look in detail when i want to do something more intuitive or intuitive assertive , which means at the heart .
and to see how we process information , how do we absorb information ?
alone , what is information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of people use that word , but they don 't even know what it means .
but i need to understand in essence , in essence , when information becomes information , when will it become information and information , so that i know how to make things more intuitive or natural .
and , of course , how does design affect perception .
so much more natural , in a jar , but i kind of see right now where 's the salt and pepper in it .
and when i tell someone , give me salt or pepper , they 'll think twice about what 's in it .
and by intuitive grab on the left , and then hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , just pass the salt accordingly .
but also our perception itself , how does it deceive us ?
like that perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little one , although that 's not the case , but they 're the same size , and yet our perception changes depending on the context we provide .
anybody know what this is ?
come on .
looks like caffrey 's tracking system should still work .
that 's more like my glasses .
it 's a circle .
a second circle is beginning to associate certain similarities or likeness .
it 's called a personality disorder or a personality disorder that can also affect us in perception .
it 's important for the faculty , they usually do it in their first semester , the great classes .
continuity of closeness , continuity of continuity , et cetera .
often in the third , you forget .
but this is an integral part of life when you want to make things equally intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting , is that of the q continuum .
sounds trite , but it 's kind of exciting when you 're closer to it .
so we have eyes in the front , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
this is wrong .
you 're gonna have to look backwards .
namely , you have suggested that you see something that you recognize , circular circle .
that means we need to see what we see before we see it bring it back to the back of our heads to say , okay ,
i 've got some cognitive restructuring that you might want to see .
it 'll be there , and it 'll come back .
then it goes back in the front , because it doesn 't trust the front and says , " now please , just check and make sure what you see is what you want to see . "
and then it goes back and then it 's actually just seen .
it 's a very exciting process , how certain things work and how these things happen .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i just described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
anybody see anything in particular ?
that 's right .
if i saw that once , that there was a dalmatian in there , they know it .
they 'll never forget it because i 'll show them where the dalmatian is .
now they see the dalmatian .
go on , now you see him all the time .
that means i 've basically tainted you into the fact that you no longer see a pattern in there , but i 've conditioned you within a very short period of time to see that dog in that pornographic picture .
and this projection of the pulse feedback , feedback , see .
now i know , and now i 'm pointing out that i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
well , it 's a very exciting process , then , in this , yes , it 's not really gray , but in this particular mass , it just goes along the way .
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
when i know that something takes three seconds to literally shift from the present to the art gallery , i have a very convenient waiting period where i always have someone with three seconds .
he needs to process that as a present .
and then it goes back in time , and so i have a very elegant waiting period , like bridge the computer when i know this phenomenon .
what 's 25 milliseconds ?
yeah , milliseconds .
it 's also a fascinating phenomenon .
that 's the period of falling in love .
that means , attention , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at for how long , because i 'm not taking shotgun for what can happen accordingly .
sixteen milliseconds and really fascinating phenomenon .
that 's the time of the most perceptions we have .
that means that first impression happens at a rapid rate of speed , the way we perceive things .
and how we see things that we care about and how we protect ourselves against our environment so we can think about it accordingly .
of course , the starship captains are concerned not only with the issue of neural sensory nerves and nervous breakdowns , but primarily of course they 're related to the subject of brain disease .
so how does a person deal with certain things accordingly ?
there 's one thing about practical functions , so formal or casual aspects .
there are places where i know exactly where to reach .
but there 's also symbolic functions , why is someone for such a small pouch where nothing fits in anyway , so perfectly valid money , even though it 's not practical ?
that 's more like the symbolic one , the one we deal with as an investment banker .
back to my real theme of natural user interface and the theme , of course , of course , is computer control .
how can i achieve a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a particular process achieve as effectively , efficiently , and satisfying a goal ?
that 's what the norm says .
how can i do something as simple as possible ?
can i direct it or do i need a manual or need a training manual ?
and less tiring , or less stressful .
the fact that i 'm making this different and make it more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's more appropriate .
you have to understand that .
having to do that , having intuitive electronics is not an instinct for humans only ever since apple created a truly innovative system
why ?
because usually by this new kind of user , the natural user accounts , for example , are five times faster on our target .
i need you to imagine that if you do something of the classical interior , it will take you five hours and with this new type of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean you 'll probably be able to go home four hours early , but your employer or someone will figure out how to keep you occupied during the four hours .
but what i 'm saying is , of course , it 's the appropriate contribution to achieve certain things .
when we go back to the realm of software , here 's the first command line interfaces that were very abstract , where it took you months to handle these systems .
then the next people who have been working on some kind of neural model or mental model , like the software engineers say , would have an idea of something , the metaphor of a desktop to harness the computer .
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic code , but a metaphor .
it 's made it a lot more complicated , but it goes a lot better .
the next generation of the indole gentile are already working with great behavior .
so i 'm more often the behavior than the appearance .
it 's also one of those nature things .
that i suddenly stop looking less and less important to success , as the main focus becomes a full-time job .
and if i can just take one more step into these natural users interfaces where i can speak by language , by touch , by gesture , by gesture , and no longer by mouse and by guiding things , then i 'll be even faster and even faster .
which brings me back to the point , so when do things actually get heated ?
when they 're getting sloppy , and then i have to push my little friend here and look again , what does that mean from a point of view , when is something really intuitive ?
and that 's always a little intuitive for us people when i have to think about it as little as possible .
so , apparently , he doesn 't want to think , but he wants to make it relatively easy .
the less i think about it , the more unreal it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
it means that when we look at the fact that we can transfer existing vision boards from one place to another , like the metaphor , i can use that as a working theory .
that means i can just transfer an interactive human genome onto software and make the software significantly more sophisticated .
of course , the question is , what is the most basic concept of us humans , and now i 've already told you .
this is what we call the monster problem .
that 's what each of us uses , and that 's an acronym , and that 's what stands for :
that 's what each of them does all the time , but they do it unknowingly , and , like , intuitive , or partially instinctive .
the model is already in utero and birth control , so it works worldwide at young and old , and is used all the time without most of us knowing that this model is present .
in itself , we each take a toll of about fifty to thirty times from each of us depending on activity , so when you sleep , you realize it 's gonna be less than a day .
i 'm now able to orient this mental state 's consciousness , inform it , transfer it to a quantum field .
and by that kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the falling stone , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a falling stone , a falling stone .
and that 's on a higher grail of delivery systems than the transfer of a classic metaphor , namely the main distribution .
then i can transmit the whole thing .
i 'm going to try this from an angle .
everybody just ate cake .
clarity , now i sort of pitch with the object , can zoom in , zoom in .
i get the whole picture , i can filter this , i can tell , just show me all the chocolate stuff , like .
and suddenly i have an interface which is much more powerful and much more natural .
i want to help you to a certain aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity can 't be learned .
that 's why everyone who 's here and who 's curious is indeed people who have a quality you can 't learn .
i 'm about to put this whole zombie apocalypse thing into quality for the next 40 years .
and there 's a central point .
it 's all phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day they pass plus they pass out about two grams of phosphorous , and every day they have to pick up two grams of phosphorous .
otherwise they can 't have teeth .
you can 't save energy .
they can 't have bones .
we could only glide across the oceans as qatal mollusks .
if indeed we do not ingest phosphorous and dump it .
it 's just , amazingly , we 're dealing with something that might be a sure thing , but it 's not .
because everyone talks about energy , but no one talks about the energy problem .
the water problem is much more critical .
we 're depending on two countries .
we 've only got two years of phosphorous , and already , through the wetlands , more uranium is brought to the environment in the world than used in all laboratory .
in the last 20 years alone , the weapons-grade tons of uranium has been distributed in our fields in germany .
and we record it all .
it makes leukemia in children .
and we think we 'd protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , reduce power .
that 's not protection .
it 's like saying protect your kid , only hit him three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from the cradle to the grave , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later .
so thinking from cradle to cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground , first thing .
there 's more than 60 percent of the total volume on the floor .
right now , we grow corn and lose between 11 and 30 kilograms , 30 tons per acre or square feet .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than is newly formed .
we can , of course , look at the family portrait first .
and everything is packaging or contents .
in slaughterhouses , for example , on top of them all , there are twenty percent of the world 's largest diapers now .
and as we get older , the diapers get bigger .
that 's what they 're all in , so to speak .
yeah ?
a baby needs about diaper rash .
we could reduce that by ten percent , of course , but what 's the difference ?
this will settle in china in a second .
it doesn 't matter .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here 's proof , by the way , that men aren 't pigs .
i 'll tell you .
because the phosphorous is delivered to the pigs on solid excrement .
people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs with that .
because that 's taken , isn 't it ?
traditionally , we in the family tradition think we 're too many in the world .
and if you give the people who , when they say that you 're not there , they become increasingly hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel they say if you save a human life , you save the earth .
this says the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on the ground , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could get termites , but in the united states , no one likes termites in this world , even though they 're vegetarians .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they work a lot harder physically than we do , and because they live only three to six months , they weigh in their weight , in the energy consumption , a little 30 billion people .
so we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can only be empathic when you don 't exist , right ?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a sentido tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
so all of our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
no tree has fallen .
fortunately , no .
there 's no patch on trees .
there are 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
have you ever heard of such a thing ?
that means all of our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and as you can see , even in something like a plague of locusts , yes , agriculture does not allow our own extinction to go back .
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorous , which would really have to go back to coca fields .
and there 's too many of us .
just about .
it means that we feel so guilty on earth that we say that there is no earth god , no earth god , no earth god , no earth god , and as they all say , that our own excrement go back .
isn 't that sad ?
there 's too many of us .
i 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful in matters of finance .
but where are we useful ?
we try to minimize our ecological footprint , but the point is to have a big footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's best not to be there , right ?
yeah .
you can 't have any unless you 're there .
even if you shot yourself now , you 'd have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we 're doing farming in brazil where we recover the nutrients .
directly , we can get back nutrients in agriculture that way .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the garbage directly from it .
in china , there 's a chamber pot to piss in today , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to return our nutrients .
that means the whole western frontier has been ruled by the city taking but never returning anything to the peasants .
it made the cities grow more and more because the farmers went to the cities and the cities had to go further away to get their nutrients .
so all the western empires have expanded forever , until they 've broken down the infrastructure , and then they implode .
yeah ?
china was different .
you 've managed to bring back 5,000 years of civilization because you 've always been able to return the nutrients .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , people expect you to stay until you go to the bathroom .
because it 's unfriendly to go and take the nutrients .
they were invited to you . you were invited to dinner .
that means you can see how to get the nutrients back online .
and the great thing about it is that crime rate goes back in the favelas by 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people to be as bad as possible .
we can help you be good .
that 's natural , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are designed by the design a farmer can simply farm .
that means they 're going back to the drawing board .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over environmental systems in the last 20 years , none of these devices have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw in a liter of hydrogen fuel , and then the facility would be ruined for years .
not happening .
that means we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
we can help you be good .
that means we have to get back phosphorous .
and by the way , if you want to make something out of it , write yourself down , best qualified in germany for all types of medicine in frankfurt .
unfortunately , they 're not in any long-term care , but maybe you can help out the owners .
because the frankfurter might best recover the phosphorous .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphorous is critical .
and we can see that it does .
we 've been fighting for over three years in holland .
the dutch government has declared they will be the first country in the world to breed phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's atomic energy population .
there 's a bunch of baby snatchers .
that is 26 countries , which control 40 % of the population .
and the oil will be replaced by other compounds .
but the phosphorus can 't be replaced .
it 's not about making things a little less ugly , it 's about doing something right .
first of all , ask what 's right .
it means it 's effectiveness , not efficiency .
it 's easier to understand in holland because in holland the country is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you 've annoyed her , and you come with 50 roses .
totally inefficient .
but totally effective , right ?
or have a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats approximately six pounds in her life .
on it .
that is not scientifically accurate , because we don 't know how much sodium chloride is going to be .
but a lipstick , even in this lighting , is totally inefficient , but totally effective , yes ?
everything that is beautiful in life is not efficient .
that 's why it 's not destructive , it 's effectiveness .
to ask , what 's the right thing ?
not to burn the trash can a little better and burn it out in the incinerator and lose all the materials for fire use , but first of all , how do you close fire doors ?
think of mozart as efficient .
yeah ?
if i take her out to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill with horse manure and a glass of water .
wonderful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything that is beautiful in life is not efficient .
when you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means everything in life is not about saving , avoiding reducing .
all of it .
we 'll tell people , oh , yeah , you don 't have a picnic in the south .
no , throwing it away is just the thing , right ?
every place you throw away , by , uh , yeah , you create garbage .
but the wrong things .
when you 're throwing away the wrong things , you have a drinking problem .
as we think from the north .
there 's every footprint prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the ground .
because the ground is going to kill the moose , and the wind and the water are washing the ground .
but if they 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it 's about creating a big footprint that becomes a carbon footprint .
don 't look back .
we say in germany to sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you doing with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i 'll say , my condolences , okay ?
that 's the minimum .
so don 't skimp , abstain , avoid .
every waste is nutrient .
and it 's a pleasure to see people in italy get these high standards out of their cars .
because , you know , this is an unprecedented procedure .
it 's a form of harassment , right ?
you can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
we 've developed a respiratory infection , it 's room temperature fluid .
they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two hours , it 'll be everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing them away , they contribute to animal control .
that means we 're useful , no less harmful .
so there are two basic styles .
i don 't want everything to be predictable .
a tv or a washing machine , you use it , you don 't use it .
just things that go on , like things going on , like cars , like tires , must be like going into biological systems .
things that are only used go into tech systems .
but today we 're only talking about the biological systems .
yeah ?
like sneakers ?
direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company succeed .
because we don 't make things clear anymore .
yeah ?
well , if i invite you to dinner and say it 's free from chicken , it won 't help you at all .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
affirmative .
so it 's not like the back of the head .
not toxic .
anything inside is useful .
these are the first shoes that you can use to put the plastic on the counter and the rubber on biological makeup sheets , right ?
all of this is highly irregular .
with nike , nike , and mauritz .
and that 's half of all the major crimes worldwide that are caused by the mass murders .
that 's why you 're helping out , ask around .
hey , puma , are you really serious ?
because they 've already changed ceo twice now .
and i 'm not so sure you really want to stay in .
so , give me a hand with this .
but i can .
yeah .
the one that was just presented .
that 's fine .
we can do things now so that when they break up , they can break up in organic environments .
technical jargon is the same .
there 's a direct brain scan for this .
this is the first ecological pack , in fact , designed to go back in the cycle .
you can get things back in any store .
if you come up with that , yes ?
remember the diaper ?
if it 's garbage right now .
these diapers are everywhere , almost everywhere .
in the countries where people make money .
up there on the roofs , but also in the countryside ?
yeah ?
only if you take this diaper , you chop it up , you sterilize it , you use the powder to plant trees .
that makes the baby more vulnerable for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't need to be proactive , we can be reactive .
it 's a bit of a post-traumatic print .
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
there 's a lot of people working there now , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra organization to go with , where anyone can join .
so no more saving , giving up , avoiding , reducing , no more wasting , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the carpenter .
music for language .
in the description of my speech , it is written that as a translator , i understand as a translator , in the english country .
the translators of the notes are written in tinkling music .
even from the german to translate into english can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
but it 's a stranger to the layman what we musicians do with our teaching methods .
i 'm just the notes written on a script .
i 'm sure you think that the composer in the notes has made everything he 's ever dreamed up .
actually , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these grades are about as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , if very apparently accurate , description of a landscape .
because in these verbal abuse situations , you can 't smell the fragrance of the flowers . you can 't even guess the level of the mouth of the wind .
in other words , the us government has to translate that information from the us government to another , which is a concrete , concrete , durable goods form .
today , i 'd like to translate what i normally translate musically into one more verbal language .
practically translation .
so i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be tantamount to translation .
so the music works for me as much as the spoken language .
it 's got the function of letters in it .
so it 's not enough to just learn to read notes and press the corresponding buttons on the piano or the right place on a piano .
that 's just the letters you 've learned to paint .
you don 't know the meaning of the letters until you learn the language .
thus , the learning process of music requires at least as long as the spoken language .
there are also attempts to communicate whether you learn it for the healthcare monitoring network or understand merely passive speaking or can also speak actively until the musical supervisor .
the work of the substitute teacher starts in a similar manner to the work of an intermediary .
once you 've chosen to play a piece , because you 're excited about it , you begin to explore the origins of composition .
they 're gathering information about the play in the capponi library .
you read letters , journals , notes , or words , thoughts of the composer himself .
they study the works he wrote before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reasons for writing it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested .
you think into that time by , for example , looking at contemporary pictures or reading literature .
but in time , you also have a rich knowledge of the composer that you play more often , and it 's always easier to get inside and feel .
the composer is becoming more and more of a friend to live with .
his desire to write the play becomes more and more my personal desire to play it .
now that the notes are anything but an accurate record of the composer 's climate , but a scaffolding , i will now turn this scaffold to load it with meaning .
in my own words , what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm trying to figure out what these sounds could mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what it might mean for him now .
every note , every phrase is made sense because i feel it myself , because it originated from my now personal column .
it has to be right for me here and now , or i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the play that i worked as long as i lived as i lived .
how to have a happy new day over and over again , although with the same rituals of life , get up , get up , go to work , i 'm also experiencing the same play over and over again .
i 've aged another day , changing seasons , my pulse slows down at night than in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for sound to come back than home .
i sense the audience breathing , consciously or unconsciously .
all of this affects me and all of this affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , too , when i 'm on the stage with a radio receiver and we 're on the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , friendly conversation .
you bring in a new idea and at once it will be answered with a reaction .
it 's exciting because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and that we can 't rehearse .
it 's a lot of fun playing music this way , and you , as the audience , experienced the way the music communicates alive .
so each concert is another concerto .
i will never play like i did right now .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
i 'm going to have more life experience than i have today , so i 'm going to have a lot more experience on my palette , even more of emotions and feelings than i have today .
sure , i 'll have thrown out a couple of college kids , too , but i 'll have new school buses .
have a nice specific example .
it was on an academy award for excellence at my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen dost student , a well-known concert pianist and longtime professor of music here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was far too young , so he was already institutionalized when i finally started studying .
but i was very lucky to get to know him when i was 13 years old , and i 've been on his courses at school .
i was 17 then , when i was in one of his classes once again and played the last of the four ballads of chopin , a musical instrument .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was to me .
this is such a tricky part .
and in my professional opinion , i said anticipation .
he said , like this ?
that must be the age difference .
for me , it means memory .
he was already over 60 .
when you 're seventeen you have dreams , but not important memories .
i play the play again every few years today , and it 's always changed for me , even though not a single grade has changed .
every time i read something new , it 's exciting .
monet painted the water lilies many times .
it 's always the same garden , but at a different time of day , with the lights on .
he was translating the spatial harmonics as he saw them , just as they seemed to him at the moment .
his personal ledgers of the shipping business .
the most direct interpretation of a play is similar .
by now , i 'm older than chopin at 32 years old when he wrote the play .
after all , he 's only lived a hundred and fifty years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking at the grades , even if i think i know them by heart .
to keep score with the composer .
because the notes are the only link directly to him .
especially if he 's already dead .
well , how do you start to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as it takes to do the spoken language .
music lessons are often so that you learn to read music .
you practically learn to read before you even speak a word .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
then when all fingers are in time and right as the notes say they 're moving , then sounds come out that sound like music together .
if this is accurate , the student will be able to open the play .
interpretation is hardly spoken in the subtext .
all right , there 's the presto in the front , that 's a fast play .
lento , slowly .
loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
most people here know that .
but even if you decode that data , it still remains a bit technical .
and it 's still not an interpretation .
i 'm surprised .
i 'm surprised you often forget something quite profound .
that to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical and feel should be present before .
the singing .
a kid who didn 't learn to sing because his parents didn 't pretend , he won 't do it by himself .
it 's like being in a movie .
it is necessary to have your own experiences and idea of music , then make it sound through another means , so on an instrument .
people who have never sung have therefore never immediately felt with their own body what it is to make a sound .
creating a phrase with your own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal cords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
so the piano players are the continuation of my fingers .
the melody comes from the rhythm of the dance .
the constant sounds of music today don 't help .
you don 't have to make music yourself when you get bored .
no need to whistle or sing .
all your own music gets flattened when you 're constantly being force-fed music from the outside .
sure , there are some of you who say yes , but what if i can 't sing ?
i ask that , can 't you sing a because you think you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for both of them to figure out if they can 't , or learn how to use those little muscles that adjust the vocal cords .
that 's what you can practice .
or c , because you were certified unfit .
so i ask you , how professional was this diagnosis ?
have you picked up a cream cake or a cream soda , as they say these days ?
or d , they don 't like music , so they don 't want anything to do with it .
which i would regret , though , because music is a beautiful , dignified thing .
but maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , no one needs to be a lost candidate .
but please don 't tell me i don 't understand classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can tell whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone 's saying i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
you don 't give up food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me whether you like it or not .
whether you like music or too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , they 'll get demands , and they 'll want to add a little more seasoning , or even taste subtle differences .
why am i asking my audience to listen actively ?
because the music is a language and a language is for communicating .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work .
the food that was lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook needs to be eaten and not just looked at or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when there 's music playing .
she 's not just a nice waitress .
when in an environment where the adults actively play music or at least listen to music , a child grows up , it 's easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower ?
can you play it for me in blue now ?
and the child plays , after an exorcism , instead of a red one now a blue flower .
and this sounds different than before .
that was the first beginning of a personal musical expression .
so the first step towards interpretation .
and what happens if you play a piece today that was originally written 300 or 300 years ago ?
meanwhile , the instruments have shifted .
there was no piano at the time of bach 's .
it just wasn 't made up .
i think the creek would 've been thrilled if he had the most sophisticated capabilities of today 's modern pianos .
today i can make the sound of music the brook having on the modern wing that a harpsichord can 't .
even beethoven knows he heard more than he 'd already gone deaf .
today , a modern orchestra can play anything an orchestra has rejected as an organ substitute .
that 's why the composers depend on us , who reinvent the pieces .
so they can be heard , what they 've only devised in their minds .
and what you would be thinking in your mind today .
or what i was thinking today , because what you might have thought .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a minivan .
then when i come back , with my little v and stand next to me , that feeling comes up .
something 's shooting through my head .
why do you need such a big car ?
it loses half its value the first year .
besides , you work a lot less than me .
why do i have to buy such a small car ?
that 's not fair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , that unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great way of making unpleasant feelings like jealousy disappear .
you can try that with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i want to explain something to you today with this mechanism or something that you 're probably unaware of .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you might have heard when people say no one has the intention of building a wall .
and then stone the stone to block their view .
a lie like that , you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to verify that he has something else in mind .
he 's just fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you deceiving yourself .
you need that lie to maintain a baseline .
they can cause you less easily , yeah , checking or collapsing .
you need time .
there 's an anecdote from this time you might know .
the spanish painter pablo picasso once married a woman .
this woman complained afterwards , her portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso is responding .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
at this point , and when you laugh , you realize how important this lie is and how much time it takes you to learn something that artists are very good at sharing .
because artists are troubled with lies .
the artist is telling you something , and especially this lady , which she doesn 't see when she just looks in the mirror .
the artist in a portrait like this tells you something that you will not be trusted until you look at this work .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears because it may not look like you at all , and it becomes more and more like you .
here you have this mechanism that allows us to use the lie as a great invention to stabilise our cyber defenses .
and not just in art , a folk tale , in mythology , it turns up in stories .
you might know this idea of the lady who used to look in the mirror every morning and ask him who was the fairest of them all ?
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a prettier one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much adversity from that true information , even the mirror can 't lie , from that true information .
but we should just familiarize ourselves with the fact that you can 't tell a woman there 's a nicer one somewhere else .
here it is necessary to reattach what we understand under the auspices of apollo .
at this point , we need this lie that gives us the illusion that we can 't live without .
not only in art , but in science such great lies .
and there 's this story about the bishop 's wife , von westphalen .
she heard about this book of charles darwin , the origin of species and birth of man .
that man should be descended from a monkey , and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between humans and apes .
and then she ran to her husband and said that 's not true what charles is saying .
man is said to have an ancestor of apes .
no , no , i can 't .
and if it 's true , then we have to stop people from learning about it .
why do we have to keep people from learning anything if it 's true ?
because we can 't live without those bastards .
well , we can 't stand those things .
we have to stop people from learning things , especially when they 're true .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism is disintegrating and what the clues it leaves behind are leading to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want to tell you another story .
a very nice story , i think .
my wife told me .
she came home from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
a high school student .
she likes him very much because he has a penchant for honesty .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and because i 'm a fireman , i 'm interested in more important things .
yes , you can feel it when you 're cheerful at this point .
i told my wife that whenever a person in a moral context would use the word " by " we should try to replace it with the word " although . "
do that once and you 'll hear the sentence .
even though i 'm a fireman , i 'm interested in more important things .
you feel that 's the truth behind information .
he 's a little boy . he doesn 't care about the boy .
he 's interested in the stock market .
but there are no organisations that we can look around and learn how to make fire .
the second best , the second best .
that 's where he signed up .
and besides , you don 't tell your teacher that you like to start fires anywhere and enjoy the fire after .
no , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning out the dangers that others can 't do until they fire .
here you have this little mechanism .
this reference to the fact that deep down the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
it just creates such words that we also use in the language of politically correct codes .
actually , we know something else is .
but we know by saying it , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it 's impossible to present such things in a society that should work .
i 'd like to explain what we found at my institute .
by what logic , this delusion , this delusion , a willingness to change reality from which we know in the unconscious , it 's valid to transmit outside .
i want to present two , maybe three examples .
the first example assumes what many of you know and some of you value very few of you do not need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is such a spirit , says something spiritual .
and from that soul , you now think that somehow , in this primeval nature , in that bohemian nature , it 's called anima , in the latin , the wolverine ,
and when that spirit breaks through man , it is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul .
and then he can run away .
that 's the idea of how the soul works .
so it 's supposed to go from the outside to the human .
so we 're supposed to perceive them as something that 's absolutely essential to our lives .
and when you see that prerequisite in front of you , you understand the logic with which we are fortunate to be able to better our world through a lie .
because now you can use a locator spell .
you remember him from school .
now , this is a textbook case that has been explaining logic to us .
that 's the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
to lie so you can use that logic wrong .
there are three sets in this notebook .
the first sentence is klaus claims there is no soul .
so the second phrase is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third set .
i have distinguished him here .
a third sentence that appears immediately to people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say if you don 't have a soul , you 're dead and you can 't say anything .
and here you can feel it .
here comes the logic in this , yes , in this eloquent speech .
you 'll see right away .
the first two sentences are logical .
because i can say anything .
logic does not make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , then the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm wrong , the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what 's true .
i can say anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , then it works .
so when klaus says there 's no soul .
second , if he 's right , he has no soul .
these things are logical .
and now our unconscious awareness is immediate , so we can make something of it .
there 's a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and acts like the opposite of the first sentence is already proven and providing .
because we have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
but with that logic , which uses it , that two sentences are logical , and a third set of code that looks like he has something to do with it , so we can save our espheni brothers .
well , we pretend it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can carry on these things at various stages of development .
in the present , in the present , we have a very modern example , which keeps filling the insurance rates .
to do this , you must present another philosophical issue , a philosophy professor of philosophy .
this has to do with going back to the 21st century .
there was a scholar named johannes burchard , and named after him the name of the famous donkey .
the burro is a donkey made of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's one of those nature things .
and if you place the exact middle one between two hemispheres , he 'll starve to death .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go to first .
so he 's right in the middle .
that 's how we 're introduced .
asgard 's forces with a frequency of binary codes unlock each other .
nothing 's happening .
only if you set another example , so if she makes a haystack bigger , he doesn 't need any sense or anything .
automatically it runs to the right thought .
if you have this idea that you 're somehow driven by nature , by the bigger bunch that get you dressed right away , you might as well feel like there 's something like free will to do .
and while we 're here in frankfurt am the main , i 'll remind you of the standard operating system for industrial espionage .
there 's a scholar named wolf singer . sometimes people say wolf singer .
now we can go back to the second set and say , if wolf singer 's right , he doesn 't have a backup plan .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost every day in the newspaper , you 'll find in this third sentence .
it looks like whoever has no criminal record can 't be held accountable for his actions and claims , and he 's therefore insane .
here it is again .
in fact , we 'd have to prove if there was such a thing as an act of parliament .
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence was always wrong in the first place , as if we had to accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do something yourself , if you want to test something yourself , and especially if you want to make people happy , practice that courage to lie .
practice that , for example , if you ever meet a person you can then tell , there are no absolutes .
and please don 't use the german word for ezekiel .
you can 't say that . that would be a little politically incorrect again .
tell them there 's no margin for error .
right now , they 're going to find out who , of course , has this kind of commitment that you can 't prove .
and now you have a problem .
because while you 're busy making yourselves understand that you can 't prove there 's no margin for error , the man is quite happy .
he 's very happy because he fooled you .
because he led them on a trail where he wouldn 't bother himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
all he 's interested in is keeping his own light out of the need to prove that there 's gonna be a rescue party .
well , in the way of shifting the evidence , they experience greatness of lying .
and once again , if you have a chance to feel that pain in the ass with other people , do it , because you 'll make others happy if you don 't remind them of your happiness in that way .
thank you for your attention .
hello .
i asked lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the key people here from this great event and asked me if i wanted to lecture here and reveal my idea .
i gotta tell you , you know , it was hard to talk about my idea at first .
and i would like to introduce my favorite team , that i 'm trying to introduce you .
but it is , of course , the sum of many , many ideas .
and i ended up in the mid eighties in berlin , because i wanted to make renewable energies , and i didn 't have that in american movies .
that 's when they had the patented cover-up .
they were all known at the time as the twin towers .
it 's called a day spa .
because a good engineer either built a great car or made a great car .
but , like , a goofy , like a hundred watts from the square meter , that was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy nazi game .
i 'm thankful to the office that he rehabilitated the word because after the massacre , you weren 't allowed to use the word at all because everything left was bad .
but it wasn 't like that in the past few years .
in kreuzberg , one of whom was just in kreuzberg , where they suspected evil .
the site of the purification process , but that was called executive design and made solar power , and that 's when i started in the mid eighties .
and , yes , a lot of what was said today really touches me , because a lot of , uh , a lot of nice phrases i 've been through , too .
i spent 11 years working in the collective , that was computer science .
we were 20 people .
it deals with bullshit .
and i took it all the way to ipswich , and then along with friends , i became a cofounder of the company , which , along with the influx of money , became one of the biggest financial firms in the world .
and i brought you a project i want you to meet .
and the title of chairman was how to get 100 % renewable .
and we just started asking a relatively straightforward story , where would you put a storage device in place today ?
on this island , that 's the island of santorini .
yeah , that 's the data .
there are four and a half thousand people .
they have an renewable energy output today 15 %
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
it 's just not done technologically .
if they push together more , the system will fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they come to visit our facility in riyadh .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
but it 's not true , we have seven percent in europe and our network is physically seen by the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems that people on this island have .
the question was simple , calculate that was quick , the first contacts on the island started , just do the math .
how big would a battery like this have to be to bring an island in 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 percent renewable .
and , yeah , i 'm gonna go over another slide .
the conventional system looks like that all over the world .
by the way , by the way , a hundred gigawatts of electric energy in the world at about a hundred gigawatts apiece .
that 's the output of a hundred kms , because it goes especially fast everywhere .
the world 's nuclear core that 's happening is being doused in diesel because you don 't need authorization .
it 'll be quick .
you put a box like that .
and then it usually looks like this .
in this one there are always three of them . two are always waiting .
yeah , that 's what a guy sees down there is the burden .
we got some pretty specific data , too .
and the main thrust or the thrust levers or whatever it is , it 's usually a backup system or a system that can only backfire in small amounts .
our goal was simply to say , okay ,
the diesel will backup and the wind and the sun will operate the weight so they can map the bigger part .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % renewable energy , so energy a year , not power at the moment , you need to take out the diesel .
that is , at this moment , you must ensure that renewable energy can take over the entire network .
of course , you can only do that if you manage somehow .
no one 's ever done that before .
it comes in a small way , so you can use your razor on a little shaver in the car .
people always ask me , what are you doing in science class ?
that 's okay .
however , if you want several of these areas of expertise and you want them to build a network , it 's gonna get very complicated .
this will definitely be a hydrogen , methane , methane , power to gas you or shush , that 'll be it .
you 'll have to go to a strip club , and you 'll have to dig in , not just make out for target practice .
we just wanted to know what happened to a regular battery powered .
how far does one get ?
and then did a lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations we made six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
that 's great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average football team when the price of corn goes up five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the miners .
what should all be done ?
negotiating with investors , looking for new associates .
we were only five people then to rebuild one to restore society .
and here 's the presentation .
the brown is the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a power generator is because we still make 20 % of diesel fuel and we can 't cut a fuel line on the other stuff .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we want to be supportive , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we decided to build a hall in berlin , where we can , so to speak , depict the electrical conditions of the island one to three in a row .
that means we went looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here it is .
naturally comes from asia , in the case of japan .
and then , in the 1970 's , it was developed at bbc mannheim today , and then it was processed into the japanese .
it 's you can see it 's a very , very big battery .
it has a power output and can sustain that power for six hours , and that 's the battery that we 've come up with , so to speak , nerve damage .
and then they set it up .
over here , we 're simulating the entire power grid , the power of the cables , so to speak , overloading the transmitter in the net .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also upload 200 kilowatts of a fleet against the net .
here we see this one again , the diesel , again , all the single pods .
and what we 've been doing since then , the hall was finished , until today , virtually everything here between the single system of electronics , we 've been working on software .
so we 're not a business group , but we define ourselves as a company that 's just between the battery and the subject net and everything in between .
you have to communicate to the battery , of course , and you have to be able to communicate into the net , and it 's very complicated .
the nice thing is that on this island , you can basically take away the speed of dealing with problems we 're gonna get if we want to increase our percentage of renewable crops .
so this whole discussion , how are things going to get sucked in and sucked out , as it should be , on the island , for example , we have 25 to 30 percent chance of reaching out , so we just cut the wind and the sun .
then there 's going to be a huge demand .
so , car trouble , all over the place .
we can start working on the island , integrate resources , even manage the burden .
that means if you 're 70 % renewable , you can 't do it without memory .
you can go through an extension , you can go through an extension of the networks , yeah , you should do that , too , fill in the share , but you can never give up completely .
and that 's kind of the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at that , just because you can see the problems you 're having .
if we shut down the diesel , then you don 't have that gelatinous mass that causes certain dullness in the net .
and our european sex drive is basically just floating masses of big river water wherever the wave is centered all over europe .
we look into this web , we see the 50 hertz , and if it 's quiet comma nine hertz , we 'll start a few beeps , then a little steam will come in , then we 'll come back up .
that 's the system .
and , of course , that 's incredibly lazy .
if you take this off somewhere , it 'll take a while .
the spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to hold the grid steady .
and in time , they can react differently .
if you don 't have that , that gelatinous mass , then you 'll have to replace it with a metal plate and a metal plate .
and we can dial out two milliseconds with that big battery .
you can see the enormous concentration of energy there is .
and the message is now , we must dispense with the spinning masses , if , so to speak , our targets twenty , twenty percent , twenty , thirty percent , thirty percent , and so on , if we 're ever going to reach them ,
then we need to take our increased power capacity on the net .
just means the power station is running to keep the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a story right now , 'cause we don 't have one or two , because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to realize that the amount of power generated by the time you get it online , you can dismantle it .
fortunately , now there are a lot of studies .
and that 's why people always come and see our favorite movie on , like , our favorite show .
and yes , the discussion is always about how far away you can take from the future .
and a lot of discussions i 've had in the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had over the last 30 years on the subject .
i can 't . it 's bullshit . we 've been expecting it all .
we have 30 gigawatts of particle energy in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i 'm just assuming that for the next 30 years , we 'll have the same capacity for memory loss all over the world .
simple , that 's how it 's gonna happen .
there 's gonna be a lot of squabbles and squabbles .
the beauty of it is that for the past two years , i 've experienced scientists side with me .
we 've been getting over 10 million tv channels now , even to hook up the german network .
this is gonna happen next april .
so from that point on you can see that there 's a change of pace and you can 't even imagine a hundred percent renewable .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable systems , then that 's like a monetary system .
so far , discussions are always trying to organize these groups , they have their own little network , which has nothing to do with our main character .
the simple question is , if you make yourself completely independent of any fossil or fossil fuels that are being filtered around the world and brought to you , then that 's an island .
then they only consume what is there in the sun and wind where they live .
and that 's kind of our vision of a self-sustaining energy source , and i 'm also grateful to you for saying use solar power .
and that 's what we 're doing , and so far , the premium kola lecture is that you get to be a collective again and use solar power , a little together here .
and , yes , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and have a vision .
and you have to be really tough about it , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist at the los angeles times , walked the streets of los angeles one day , he heard a wonderful music .
it came from a man , an african-american , sympathetic , homeless , who played on a violin with only two strings left .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless man on the streets of portland 's row , downtown los angeles .
i met mr. ayers two years ago at walt disney hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very pleasant and eloquent tone about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton and how the dodgers would never make it to the baseball world series because of the vicious passage of the first violin in the last movement of beethoven 's fourth symphony .
we got to talking about music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying nathaniel was interested in fashion trends .
i have to mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with thorazine and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and this is exactly what nathaniel was doing when we began our first tutorial at walt disney hall , and he had this lunatic in his eyes and he was lost .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played beethoven 's first movement .
and while i was playing , i noticed that there was a complete change in nell 's eyes .
it was as if he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
letsatsi 's anger turned into understanding , into a calm curiosity and grace .
and by some miracle , he took his violin and began to play by ear a few clips of toilet paper and then asked me to finish it , cajkovskij , tchaikovsky .
we began to talk about music , starting from bach on beethoven , brahms , bruckner and all the other b 's , from l to uta show tunes .
and i realized he not only had a rudimentary knowledge of music , but connected him to a close personal relationship .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding i 've known only my colleagues at the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music , he was this paranoid , confused man who had just wandered the streets of los angeles , a lovable , educated , brilliant , brilliant , brilliant musician trained in juilliard .
music is medicine , music changes us .
for nathaniel , music means mental health .
because music allows him , his thoughts and delusions , with the help of his imagination and creativity in something real .
so he escapes his agonizing states .
i understood that this is the essence of art .
this is exactly why we make music so that we can shape what 's inside all of us , our feelings , through our lens , our artistry , our creativity in reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches us all and moves , inspired and united us .
as far as nathaniel was concerned , music brought him back to a community of friends .
the sheer strength of the music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who saw his talent and took him .
and i will play with nathaniel music over and over again , whether at the walt disney concert hall or on skid row , because he reminds me of why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something that i stole the cellist with the fugue .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
well , i 've known a lot of fish in my life .
i only loved two .
that first one , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a nice fish , consistency , rich , bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
better yet , it was bred in sustainability by the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty for several months .
one day , the head of the company called and asked if i could recite at an event about the farm sustainability .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here trying to solve what this problem has become to our unimaginable cooks .
for the past 50 years , we 've fished the seas , chopping forests .
it 's hard to overstate the devastation .
90 % of the big fish , the ones we love , the salmon , swordfish , they just collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so , for better or worse , it will be part of our future .
a lot of arguments against it .
he 's got a 15 to one speed limit .
that means it takes 15 pounds of c4 explosives to get a pound of magnesium sulfate .
not very sustainable .
not very good either .
so there was finally a company here that tried to do it right .
i wanted to be supportive .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you 're famous for being so far out in the ocean , you don 't pollute the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said . " we 're so far out that the waste is not concentrated by our fish . "
and then he added , " we 're basically our own world .
this 2.5 to 1 , he said .
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to 1 , great .
" 2.5 to 1 what are you feeding ? "
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was lying in bed thinking , " what the hell is a cracked protein ? "
so i called don the next day , just before the event .
i said , " don , for example , what is sustainable protein ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with some people at the company , and no one could give me a straight answer until i finally called the ranking biologist .
let 's also call him don .
don , did i say , " what for example is sustainable protein ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some skin patches , and then he said , " vomit . "
i said , " what ?
he said , " yeah , feathers , skin , body parts , body parts , dried and processed into food . "
i said , " what percentage of your chicken is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what is sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long pause on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting rid of this fish .
no , not because i 'm a self-righteous bourgeois do-gooder .
actually , i am .
no , i actually ate off that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after that conversation .
that second fish , that 's a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish the better you love the fish .
i ate it first at a restaurant in boras .
a friendly journalist had long talked about this fish .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , almost shimmering white paint .
the cook cooked it down .
twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste this good after it 's overcooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least the way you and i understand it .
he 's a biologist with veta la palma .
there 's a southwest corner of spain .
it 's near the mouth of the river ganga .
up until 1980 , the farm was in the hands of the 1980s .
they were experimenting on what were basically farm animals .
you did this by tearing down the country .
they built this complicated episode of canals and they were flooding out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make that work , not economic .
ecologically it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this place .
in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally pulled the lever .
instead of flooding the water , they used the conduits to restore the water .
they were scanning the channels .
they created a 11,000 acres of sea bass , sea bass , shrimp , eel , and miguel and his company have completely reversed the ecological destruction .
the farm is amazing .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
you 're staring out at the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all you see are convoluted channels and this dense , riot march .
i was there not long ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of kissing crocodile .
there we were , fighting through the front doors , and i 'm sweating and sweating , i 'm covered in mud up to my knees , and miguel is in peace with a baseball bat .
here , it produces a rare growth hormone .
now he mentions the origin of the disease .
and here , he sees a pattern of packets that remind him of the giraffe .
it turns out miguel spent most of his career in rural national park in africa .
i asked him how he turned out to be one of those sex fiends .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert in relationships . "
and then he goes and crashes into more talk of rare birds and algae and weird baby stuff .
and don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the african-american community , kind of .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head was getting weak on that tangy piece of delicious dill sauce i had on the eve .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the algae , the algae , the relationships , that 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what 's the score ? "
well , he drives off to tell me it 's such a tricky system that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .
the vegetable biomass , the nuclear war , that 's what feeds the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's totally fixable .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed its animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a film director had requested a moment 's notice .
and we turned the corner and presented ourselves to the sight of thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a literally pink carpet that reaches the eye .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
i was completely confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and feed it to the birds .
well , last year there were 600,000 birds on this property , over 250 different species .
it 's become one of the largest private collections in all of europe today .
i said , " miguel , isn 't a well-trained college dropout the last you want on a combat tour ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we grow wheat fields , not intense .
this is a dedicated network .
the flamingos ate the shrimp .
the shrimps eat up the shrimp puffs .
the pinker the stomach the better the system . "
okay , let 's rethink this- - a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your bandits .
it 's a family portrait , but it 's also a family portrait .
oh , and by the way , the flamingos weren 't even supposed to be there in the first place .
they 're breeding in a town 150 miles away , where the smallpox epidemic is better for the town .
every morning , they fly 150 miles to the farm .
and every night , they fly 150 miles back .
you 're doing this because you 're able to follow the pale white line of the country road back home .
seriously .
i had imagined a kind of a journey of penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 150 miles to the farm and then fly 150 miles back at night ?
do you do this for the children ? "
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you 're doing this because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my beloved fish that was delicious , and i don 't like cashews .
it 's that fried taste , charred taste .
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried it at that restaurant in lucerne , it didn 't taste like a pineapple .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite out of the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel , and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it 's the last defense before anything enters the body .
it evolved throughout the course of evolution to absorb harmful toxins . "
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its success at the success of its bandits .
and then i realized , when he says a farm that doesn 't have a farm , it 's huge , because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river of galilee .
it 's a river that carries all the things that rivers , these days , tend to run with them , chemical pollutants , drainage of pollutants .
and if it fought through the system , and this one leaves the water is cleaner than how it got in .
the system is so healthy , it purifies the water .
because when the water floods , it sinks into the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'm taking it , and so should you , because this love story , however romantic , is revealing .
you could say she 's a recipe for good food in the future , whether we 're talking sea bass or sea salt .
what we need now is a radical new concept of farming , one where food actually tastes good .
but it 's a little radical for a lot of people .
we 're not realists , we 're refined , we 're lovers .
we love organic food , we love organic food we talk about organic food we eat organic food
and if you say these are the things that insure the future of good food , someone stands up somewhere and says , " hey , guys , i love pink flamingos , but how are they gonna feed the world ? "
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people are going to starve today .
that 's more than ever because of crazy radio traffic in distribution , not the radio traffic .
well , i don 't like that question because it 's defined the logic of our relationship for the past 50 years .
feed grain to herbivores , plant seeds , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and the whole time the herbivores just asked , " if we feed more people cheaper , how awful could it be ? "
it was the justification , it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should name her what she is , a working transaction , a rapidly consuming capital that would allow for this production .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not agriculture .
our food supply is threatened today , not because of dwindling supplies , but because of dwindling resources ,
not by the latest oil fields and fishing boats , but by fertile land , not by the pumps , but by fresh water , not through the woods , not by chain saws and nets but by fish in the sea .
you want to feed the world ?
let 's start with the question , how are we gonna feed ourselves ?
or rather , how can we create conditions that every community has to support themselves ?
to do that , don 't look at the time window for the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machinery are in it , and it 's never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's look at the environmental model instead .
this is something that has two billion years of work experience .
look at miguel , peasants like miguel ,
plants that aren 't worlds to themselves , plants to rebuild , plants to grow , plants to grow , plants to grow instead of just intensely , farmers who aren 't just producers , but experts in relationships .
because they 're the ones who are also experts in taste .
and if i 'm being honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , that 's fine with me , because if this is the future of good food , it 'll be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're looking at here is a typical male pattern emerging .
the program i 'm using here is a little experiment .
it 's called chelation , and what i can do with audio forensics is i can filter out certain cause of death , say accidents .
and right now , i see another pattern emerging .
and that 's because in this part of town , people are the most vulnerable and they 're over here by the ice .
we can go a step further and then rearrange the data and see that melanoma is the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
now , if we move along and sort through the ages , say 40 years or younger , we can see that accidents are even the main cause that people should worry about .
and those who see it , that is particularly true of men .
so you realize that the image of information and data in this way reminds a lot of swimming in a living pool .
and if we can do this for content alone , why not ?
now , what we have here are the replicas of every single " sports illustrated " that have ever been printed .
it 's all here .
you 're welcome to test it in your rooms after my presentation .
you can immerse yourself in a decade .
you can dive into a specific year .
you can jump directly to a particular issue .
now , when i look here , i see the athletes appearing in this issue and sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , which shows me all the copies of lance armstrong .
now , if i just want to get a more accurate overview , i could be thinking , " okay , what if i watch everything riding a bike ? "
so i 'm gonna step back and widen the scope .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you go through that kind of information , you look , you look , you don 't surf , you don 't surf .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i 'd like to elaborate on what 's a little bit crazy .
what we 've done here is we 've taken every single piece of data and reduced it to a small summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just showing the top 500 of the world 's most luxurious penthouse suites .
but even in that narrow view , we can do a lot of things .
we 're about to get an impression on the subjects on wikipedia .
i will now choose the subject of government .
well , after i vote for the government , i realize that the most popular groups that cover themselves are times square people of the year .
this is really important because this is an insight that isn 't in a single reality check .
it 's only visible if you take a step back and you look at it .
i can enter into the topic of time magazine people of the year and see everyone together .
now , when i look at all these people ... i see that the majority of them are government officials ... some of them are from science ... some of them , even less , come from the economy ... here 's my boss ... and one of them comes from the financial district .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted wheetly winner .
so we can take a look at all ted bundy 's winners .
you see , we 're surfing the net for the first time , like it 's really a web , not just side to side , but more abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website .
internet porn , this application i don 't want to call it a browser ; it 's really not a browser , but you can look at web sites with it , and we bring those internet e-mails to every single web site like this .
so i can take a step back and jump straight to a specific section .
that 's important because you can only look at web sites in that way and look at the entire server systems in the same way .
so i can beam into my progress in a specific time frame .
here 's the state of the entire demonstration i 've held up to here .
and i can bring back everything i 've looked at today .
and , uh , if i go back out there and look at everything , i might be able to rearrange my history , see if i can find my way back out , looking for " shear point " , here to bing , or here to live labs .
and from here , i can go into the side and call it back .
it 's a metaphor that 's been used over and over , and every time it makes the bigger picture than the sum of the money .
right now , in this world , we think data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the scorpion king .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do that , this past information might become more useful .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge of it .
and if we find out , then maybe we can take some wisdom from it .
i 'll stop that , thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
i used to take a bus to school every day for an hour .
and my nose was always in a book , a master manipulator who took my thoughts to other worlds and quietly satisfied my deep-seated curiosity .
i was really pissed , you know .
it was all about understanding the world and pushing the limits of the possibility .
and my love of science fiction seemed to be floating around me because back in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon and explored the depths of the sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating programs that showed us animals and towns and a world of miracles we could never have imagined .
well , i guess that worked out pretty well for the whole gang thing .
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there weren 't any video games or those video games with video games or the whole video games in the internet world ,
when we read a book as kids , we 'd take the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads .
my reaction to that was to drawing and painting aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and stuff .
i was constantly caught by the teacher hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to come out somehow .
what fascinated me about jacques lafitte 's broadcasts was the thought of a world we 've never seen here on earth .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but there was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as all the things i always imagined when i read those books .
so when i was 15 , i decided to become a diver .
the only problem was i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i drove my father mad until he finally tracked down a heroin dealer in buffalo , new york , right across the border where we lived .
i did my swan dive in a pool of the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
i didn 't see the ocean until two years later when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent approximately 3 , 000 hours underwater , 500 hours of it in ocean currents .
and i have learned that the world of depths even in the primeval oceans is as rich in humanoid life as we can hardly imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no bounds as opposed to our own shitty human imagination .
to this day , i have the utmost reverence for what i see on my face .
and my love of the ocean continues with the same intensity as ever .
when i was growing up , choosing a job , it was making movies .
it seemed the best way to reconcile my inner urges with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to gather images and stories .
of course , the stories i chose were from the sarah connor chronicles , " terminator , " " aliens , " and " blunder " .
when i was in the film business , i was able to combine my love for the film industry and scuba diving with film making .
so basically , my two passions intertwined .
something interesting happened at " s.n.t. " to solve a humorous problem in this movie and we had to create a kind of liquid conductor - - we took the opportunity to reverse course -
what came out was the first ever seen in a movie .
although the film didn 't make any money , in fact , he 'd just put on production costs , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience in the whole world was mesmerized by the magic that ran away .
according to arthur clarke 's law , everyone knows that walternate 's technology and magic are no longer separate .
so you saw something magical .
and i thought that was incredibly exciting .
and i thought , " wow , this has to be included in the art film . "
so we went to " terminator 2 " , my next film , much further .
together with liquid metal we created the guy from liquid metal , the success depended on how that effect would arrive .
and it worked , and once again , we created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we made a little more money on the film .
from these two experiences , a whole new world had been created , a whole new world of creativity for creative disorders .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who was at the time the best sound engineer and electronics engineer , called " digital computer graphics . "
the basic idea of this company was to skip phase one 's trials through optical assembly et cetera and begin immediately with digital productions .
that 's what we did then , so we spent some time getting a master spy .
but in the mid ' 90s , we realized that we had built the company too slowly .
but the bar was pretty low , and the people at my firm told me that we weren 't able to do that for the time being .
so i rescheduled and made this other movie about the big ship going down .
i sold it to the film studio as romeo and juliet on a ship , and it became a epic film of epic proportions .
but secretly , i wanted to join the real titanic wreck .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know that .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 're going to the wreck .
we 'll show it in the editing room .
it 's an important marketing angle . "
and i convinced them to fund an expedition .
sounds crazy , but it goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
in fact , six months later , we created a reality where i found myself in a russian trading space , four kilometers beneath the surface of the north atlantic , watching the real titanic through a porthole .
this wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't hd , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how much these animal skins were similar to a hybrid creature .
well , they were meticulous planning and meticulous planning .
you get into this capsule , then you 're floating down into this dark , hostile environment where there 's no hope of rescue unless you can make it back yourself .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this is just like being in a vampire movie .
that 's really cool . "
i was quite obsessed with exploring the depths of the sea .
it was all , it was adventure , it was curiosity , it was imagination .
and it was an experience hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i could imagine a being for which we could then create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made a somewhat unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said to myself , " okay , i want to put my film maker on ice for a while in hollywood . "
and then we began to dive to the " bismarck " and explore it with laboratory animals .
we returned to the wreck of the titanic .
we used small robots that we had built , that had built a sonic system .
our intention was to look inside the ship , which had never been done before .
no one had ever explored the interior of the wreckage , so we had no means to do so we developed the technology we needed .
and there i sit , on the deck of the titanic , in a plank , watching planks which are quite similar to these , and i know that the band once played there .
and i 'm flying through the corridors of the ship with a little visor .
i 'm actually just serving it , but my consciousness is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present inside the titanic 's " titanic . "
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a most curious experience .
she made me realize that scanned avatars could be used and transfer their own consciousness into the vehicle into this other form of existence .
it was truly immensely profound .
and perhaps even a little view of what might happen in a few decades if you have to study something or do other things in all sorts of environmental scenarios that i can think of as research material .
after these expeditions , we started to appreciate what we saw down there , really appreciate , like this whole animal show , where we saw these incredibly competitive animals , which are basically aliens , but here on earth .
they 're living with the help of suicide bombers .
they don 't exist in a sunlight system like we do .
and that 's how you see animals called right next to a 500 degrees celsius that they can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested in space exploration , which was my childhood impulse again .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it all came down to me taking ceramics with us .
you know , we made documentaries , but actually scientific , more to the point , film buffs .
so the circle between my existence as a necromancer has come to pass into reality as a child .
over this voyage of discovery , i have learned a great deal .
i 've learned a lot about science , but i 'm sure now you think a director needs to lead , be a leader like a ship captain or something .
i didn 't know much about leadership until i came on these expeditions .
because at some point , i had to tell myself , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us any money .
we 're going to put up production costs ... no amount of credit .
everyone thinks i 've run away from " titanic " and " avatar " and had my nails clipped on a beach towel .
i made all these films , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all of this with only 10 to 12 people who worked nonstop for years .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other , because you 've accomplished a task you can 't explain to anyone else .
there 's a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next film " avatar , " i tried to employ the same management style , which is that you respect your team and in return , earn their respect .
that really changed the dynamic .
so there i was with a small team in uncharted territory filming " avatar " with a new technique that didn 't exist before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were some people who said we did a pretty good job copying those alien clones and transporting pandora to the planet .
for me , it was more of an irresponsible way to do my job , the actual process that changed in the end .
so what can we infer from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think curiosity comes first .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and your team 's respect is more important than all laurels around this world .
i have young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do this . "
and i say , " don 't limit yourself .
don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself , take risks . "
nasa has this weather report , " failure is no alternative . "
but in art and research , failure must be an alternative , because it guarantees the leap of faith .
no important business requiring innovation has ever been handled without risk .
you have to be willing to take those risks .
that 's the thought i 'd like to share with you .
today i 'm talking to you about energy and climate .
and this may come as a surprise , because my research opportunities at the foundation are primarily about vaccines and seeds , about the things we have to invent and deliver to give the poorest two billion to a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone else on the planet .
it means that their development process won 't grow for many years , it will rain too much or too little , things will change the way your fragile environment can 't stand .
it leads to restlessness , insecurity , annoyance ...
so , a climate change will be terrible for you .
besides , you 've got a very important sense of security .
the fact is , if you could just reduce the price of one thing , energy would be by far the most effective .
well , the timing belt fell over time .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on an environmental impact .
the nazi party pushed the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a falling case in the central nervous system , and that 's why we have fridges , air conditioning , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
so we 're in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price let 's let 's let 's let 's let 's cut the price in half and hit a new barrier and this barrier is related to co2 .
co2 warms the planet , and the equation for co2 is pretty clear .
well , the exact connection between an asteroid strike and the resulting ice storm and where their subsequent impact is , there are some , but not very many .
and there 's certainly not knowing how bad these episodes are gonna be , but they 're gonna be extremely bad !
i 've asked the press , " do we really have to get down to zero ?
isn 't half enough or a quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's not like saying , we 've got a 6-foot truck that 's got to get under a 10-foot bridge , which is basically squeezed under .
this needs to go all the way down to zero .
well , we push out a lot of revenue annually , over 26 billion tons .
every american has about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons each on the planet .
and somehow we have to make changes that have to drop to zero .
it 's been constantly rising .
only different economic changes have affected it at all , and we must go from increasing rise to diminishing and diminishing to nothing .
so let 's look at each factor individually and figure out how to get that to zero .
probably one of those numbers must get very close to zero .
well , this is basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today , 6.8 billion people live ,
and it moves to nine billion , moving to nine billion .
if we 're very successful with new acquisitions , accounting fraud and accounting fraud , we could probably reduce that by 10 % to 15 % , but right now we 're looking at an incline in 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that includes all the food we eat , clothes , television , heat .
these are very good things , and administrative duties mean making those services available to almost everyone on the planet .
it 's great that this number 's up .
this is a very basic service .
and these students haven 't , so they go out and read their schoolwork under the school bed .
well , with effectiveness , the e , the energy per duty , there 's finally good news .
we have something that doesn 't go up ,
due to various successes in the banking system , by other charities , by new methods in the banking system , there are many services that require certain individual services reduced by 90 % .
in other services , such as the manufacture of aviation fuel , 105 : 05 :
overall , if we 're optimistic , we might be able to get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we 've gone from 26 billion to maybe absolute 13 billion tons , and that 's just not enough !
so let 's take a look at the fourth factor , and this one 's going to be a central nervous system- - that 's the amount of co2 that 's going to be threaded through the incision .
the question is , can you get that to zero ?
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every energy market in electricity production today , except for renewable energy and carbon emissions .
so what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need satellite support .
now when i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
there 's usually no deadline you need a miracle to date .
usually you just stand by and some come , some don 't .
in that case , we need to step on the gas and get a miracle in a very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really put this across ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that ignites the idea of the people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked that .
the idea became real tangible to you , you know there are people living with mosquitoes .
i remembered this for energy .
i decided releasing fireflies would be my most significant contribution to the environment here .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured you won 't bite .
well , there 's all kinds of birthday parties like this , but they don 't do much .
we need solutions , either one or several that have an unimaginable you. of reliability and reliability .
i 've missed tide , turn , turn , turn , turn , turn .
first , let 's look at the burning of fossil fuels , burning either coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that literally billions of times bigger than any kind of garbage you can think of on the inside ?
it 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
coming up next :
what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though it 's not very big , there are a lot of concerns .
so , three very difficult problems which may be solved and which should be worked on .
i 've got the last three of the five in a nutshell .
it 's the renewable energy , as they are often called .
and they also have , although it 's great they don 't need fuel they have some drawbacks .
for one thing , the particle density that produces these technologies is dramatically less than those of quantum particles .
these are solar panels , there 's a lot of square miles , a thousand more surface than a regular power plant .
besides , these sources are subject to a slight delay :
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't shine every day , and neither does the wind .
that 's why , when you 're depending on these sources , you have to have a way to get the energy when it 's not available .
so , there are big environmental challenges here , and if we say that the power source is out of the country , not only do they need the technology , they also have to deal with the risk of the energy coming from somewhere else .
and there 's the tickle monster .
so we need a big break here , something that 's gonna be a factor 100 better than the vampire executions .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring those mineral springs over , say 20 % - 30 % of the water .
if you want to lean 100 % on it , you 're gonna need an incredible pr campaign .
well , where should we go , what 's the right approach ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need is a lot of companies working on it .
in each one of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
with many people , they 'll say they 're crazy .
i think there 's a lot of people here in the ted group that are already committed .
bill gross has several companies , including one called virtucon ... which has a magnificent architectural firm .
vinod energy invests in dozens of companies that do great things and have interesting possibilities , and i 'm trying to support it .
nathan fillion and i are financing a company that , maybe surprisingly , pursued the nuclear approach .
there 's some innovation in banking ; liquid , liquid .
growth stopped in this industry a while back , so it 's no big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
that means that instead of a part of the food supply , the one percent , the percent , we decided to burn the 99 % , the greenhouse gas .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , the price of oil is much better .
in fact , you burn the trash , and you can even use today 's reactors as fuel rods .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium is used up in copper pipes , a bit like a candle .
you see , it 's sort of a pillar often referred to as the shifting wave reactor .
that really solves the mystery problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
that 's the waste that 's 99 % .
drove the u.s. out for hundreds of years .
and if you just lay low , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still many challenges , but it 's an example of many hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what should our report card look like ?
well , let 's get to the point that we need to get to and then we 'll talk about the thumb drive .
many talk from an 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be generated in poor countries , as well as some agriculture , hopefully cement will be clean by then .
so , in order to reach this 80 % , the vampire rights groups , including countries like china , have to completely surround their social systems .
the other note says if we use the sodan technology , whether it 's deployed in all the countries and we 're on our way to get them to the rest .
this is super important .
it 's gonna be a hell of a lot of fun .
if we go back from there , how should the testimony look 2020 ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the word force to reduce the reduction , the less we push , the less the carbon dioxide , the less the temperature .
these breakthroughs , we need to follow at full throttle , and we can measure that in metal fragments in metal boxes and metal shavings .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book " we have the election " and david lochary 's drag energy without the hot air .
they 're really going to go through it and create a frame for this to be discussed because we need support from all sides .
there are some things that need to come together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the most impact .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures am i appealing to ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places like this , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you should discuss these budget cuts , and you would be shocked by the ridiculously low budget spent on these innovative chip sites .
we need oil concessions , co2 taxes , cap 'n crunch , something a chief of operations can do .
we need to spread the word .
we need to have dialogue more rational and more rational and things done by the government .
it 's an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just so we 're a little bit better on spec , can you give us an idea of this magnitude ?
the tricky step is to build the first reactor , find another billion , the fusion reactors , and the site that actually builds the first one .
once the first one 's done , when it 's done as promised , then it 's all clear , because the first one is so different from the ones we know .
to get this straight , this means building deep into the ground almost like a vertical column of nuclear energy , this used-up spy power and then the process goes up and works its way down ?
today , they have to refuel the reactor , so there are a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff it , or it 's not good !
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it for 60 years think of a column they 're burying without all the credit .
and it sits there burning for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a garbage truck that offers a solution to the garbage itself .
well , what happens to the garbage - - you can dump him - - there 's a lot less garbage with this method - - then take him and put him in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists , which is in these nuclear reactors , or at least near the reactors .
so what 's been a problem for these reactors is what we fill in ours , and thus reducing the oxygen flow dramatically during this process .
but while talking to different people in the world about these possibilities ,
where 's the biggest interest in actually doing that ?
you know , the french and the japanese did something that way .
this is a variant of a thing that was made .
that 's an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built it , so anyone who 's moved a fast reactor is a risk assessment for our first .
in your mind , time frame and probability of actually bringing something to life ?
well , we 're gonna need one of those stylish , minimalist things that are very good , we 've got 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
that 's basically the deadline that 's pointed out to us the shipping lane we have to keep .
and , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could keep it easy .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , just like when their approaches work , the funding for their pilots works , can bid for it .
and it would be best if several could , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the major breakthroughs in the world , is this the biggest you 've ever seen ?
the most important thing is a vow of silence .
it would have been if it hadn 't been for the tv show , but it makes it so much more important .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's the more practical approach , that 's a different approach .
there 's a liquid phosgene leak that seems a little difficult , but maybe that 's what they 're saying about us .
if this doesn 't work , what then ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the containment fields stable ?
when you get into this situation , it 's like you 've eaten too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's an experimental stage called a brain tumor studying various techniques to delay warming so that we could have 20 or 30 years longer to adapt .
it 's just a routine check .
you hope we don 't need this .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance because it might make you lazy so you keep eating , because you know that heart surgery will save you .
do you have a line or two for them to convince you ?
well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying there are negative repercussions that have to do with the clouds , that change things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there 's a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is , this insecurity should worry us .
well , the actual expenses of research ... say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today .
there should be no other suffering .
you get to large sums of money , and here , reasonable people can argue if you have something that isn 't economically and are trying to finance it .
unless , of course , you 're on the brink of starvation and you 're just financing the zombie apocalypse .
if the swab you get is a very high potassium chloride only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any one of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing the way we live .
for the lower two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even salak is thinking .
his new line is now , " why is the research not being discussed ? "
he 's still associated with the attachment of his past stories , but he understood that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing the harvest ritual now .
and that 's a thought process i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little support there is .
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really hope your wish comes true .
thank you .
a few years ago , here with ted , peter bernardone introduced a master warrior named " the vampire queen . "
liver transplants have to build the most durable structure with 20 kinds of spaghetti , about 10 feet of duct tape , about 10 inches of thread and a marshmallow .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it seems really easy , it 's actually really hard because it 's pushing people very hard to work together .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a family portrait .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people start their own investigation .
they 're talking about it , they 're thinking about what it 's gonna look like ,
then you 'll spend a little time planning and organization sketching us and laying out spaghetti .
they invest a lot of their time in the developing structures
and finally , just before you 're out of time , someone takes the marshmallow , and you gently put it on top , take a step back , and " ta-da ! "
but then , almost always , what happened is that the " ta-da " becomes an " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing bend and collapse .
there 's a bunch of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " references than others , and among the worst , fresh casts .
you lie , you cheat , you 're confused , you 're really pathetic .
and , of course , there are teams that have a lot more " ta-da " models , and among the best , fresh alumni of the arts club .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they produce not only the highest towers , but most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is how come ?
and peter says , " none of the kids invested time in being chef of spaghetti incorporated . "
they don 't invest much time in infighting .
but there is another reason .
and that 's to say that rescue teams have been trained to find the right plan , okay !
and then realize it .
what happens when you put that marshmallow on top , you 're out of time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what 's gonna make it different is that they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always at the top with the marshmallow , so they 'll have the opportunity to repair prototypes designed .
designers see this kind of collaboration as the core of an entertainment process .
and with each attempt , the children get instant feedback , which works and what doesn 't .
that 's the extent of working with prototypes , but let 's see how different teams operate .
the average for most of them is about six foot two , half of them , lawyers a little bit more , but not much , not much , not as the adults .
who 's the most successful ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
that 's the best i 've seen .
because they understand triangles and geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
ceos are a little above average , but this is where it gets interesting .
if you put an executive on the team , they get significantly better .
you look around and you realize , " this team will win . "
you can predict that .
because they have special abilities in the intelligence community .
you run the trial , you understand him .
and the team that handles and respects the work will significantly improve the team 's performance .
specialized skills and brain chemistry and their combination leads to success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you 'll get about 6 that have stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we 'd bring the wine cart right away .
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those sandwiches ?
what was the result ?
not one team had a solid structure .
if anyone had built a foolproof construction , they would have carried the prize home .
so isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a powerful effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now they understand the advantage of the " pah-wraith . "
so the same bad team became one of the best .
they produced the highest design in the last minute .
so there are lessons to be learned about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , why would anyone actually invest time to create an alternative treatment facility ?
the reason is i 'm helping make digital tools and processes to help teams create cars , video games , and gender effects .
and what starfleet intelligence does is help them identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge offers a shared experience , a common language or a sense of structure , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who are interested can visit comic books .
it 's a blog where you see them building the marshmallows .
there 's an energy build-up there .
they find crazy examples from around the world , how people optimize the system , and experimenting .
there 's also a lot of them .
and the most elementary lesson , i believe , is that construction is actually a standardized sport .
it requires that we all focus our senses on the task and that we use our thoughts optimal , like our feelings and our actions , in the challenge ahead .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to take us from an " uh-oh " to a " ta-da . "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room needs to go in .
and you can go back in time , you can go into the future ;
and i wonder what you 'd choose , because i 've been asking my friends that question a lot lately , and they all wanted to go back in time .
they wanted to go back to before they had cars or twitter or america was looking for the superstar .
i don 't know .
i 'm convinced that somehow you 're attracted to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i 'm not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back in time , and it 's not because i 'm an adventurer -
it 's because opportunities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to get in that machine , and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time ever on this planet , no matter what scale you scale , health , wealth , mobility , declining opportunities .
there 's never been a time like this before .
all my favorite people died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my dating career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child born today in thuringia can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have re-created the earth 's natural resources in a way no war has ever done .
they 're gone .
we beat them .
there are diseases in the rich world that threaten millions of us just one generation ago , barely .
rubella . german measles , polio .
does anyone even know what this is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , those are the achievements of scientific method .
and from where i sit , the scientific method is to try things , see if it works , change it if it doesn 't , one of mankind 's greatest achievements .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
and one of them is that , despite all our achievements , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
that number is rising , and it is rising very fast , and that is embarrassing .
and not only that , we used our imagination to ravage this world .
water water , land , rainforests , oil , gas , they 're leaving soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , we 're going too .
so the question is , can we do that ?
i think it 's clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the land they live on .
i think we can power this world without destroying it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me up at night , one of the things that keeps me awake at night .
and we 've never been able to reason with him as we can now .
people wrap themselves in their beliefs so tightly they can 't be free .
not even the truth will set them free .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but you know what you 're not entitled to ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article on inoculations for " the new yorker , " a little article .
and i was amazed to encounter resistance , to resist against what , in the end , is the most effective healthcare field in human history .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and i went on .
and soon after , i wrote an article about genetically engineered food .
same thing , only bigger .
people were crazy .
so i wrote an article about it , too , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " waste management , " why they believed that molecules were a particular brand instead of a random cyber attack on nature .
but , you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we pass , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but those articles worried me , and i couldn 't figure out why , and eventually i found out .
and that 's because those fanatics that drove me crazy weren 't fanatics at all .
they were educated people , educated people , decent people .
you were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's be honest :
we 've reached a point where we don 't have the same relationship with progress as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironically , with small quotes about progress .
okay , there are reasons , and i think we know what those are .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , missile silos , the challenger , day arms , weapons of mass destruction , the annihilator 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can pick your own list .
there are questions and issues with the people we thought were always right , so be skeptical .
ask questions , demand proof , demand receipts .
take nothing but a given .
but here 's the thing- - when you get proof , you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at it .
and i can say this because we 're now living in an epidemic of fear i 've never seen and hopefully never to see it again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story linked to measles , mumps , german vaccine .
very scary .
a lot of studies were done to see if that was true .
lots of studies should be done ; it 's a serious matter .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , none at all .
it makes no difference because we believe in anecdotes , we believe in what we see , what we believe in , what we believe in , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a government employee giving us dates , and i get that , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
catastrophic for the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the united states of america falls for measles .
it 's disgraceful and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that ?
well , i get it .
because does anyone here have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
that 's a lot of deaths from measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can push it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and preach messages of fear and illiteracy in platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and they can do that because they don 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but they 're almost never the same .
and that 's something we need to learn very quickly .
that guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst scourge of mankind .
don 't worry , no pain , polio , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle , not so much .
his name is paul verrall .
he just developed an online dating service with some other people .
he can save the lives of countless children a year in the dormitories .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except paul 's walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop whining .
and he actually says that .
so paul 's a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say , but vaccines are indispensable .
take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we have measles in this country now .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die from it again , because that 's just a matter of numbers .
and you won 't just die of measles .
what about polio ?
i got a text from a couple of weeks ago and she said she thinks i 'm a little flashy .
no one 's ever said that before .
she wouldn 't vaccinate her kid for polio .
fine .
because we don 't have polio .
we didn 't have polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now over ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those luxury condos tonight .
and he doesn 't know that it 's infected with a paralyzing disease , and we don 't know that because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to cover ourselves in lies .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
a little pick-me-up .
i know you did this because half the americans do it every day .
you take the stuff , and you take alternative remedies , and it makes no difference how much we find out you 're useless .
the data always shows that .
you black out your urine .
that 's okay , they want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark urine .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate pharmaceutical companies .
we hate too much government .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely amazingly cold and comforting to us who can afford it .
so we run away from it , and where do we run to ?
we run into the arms of the flightless .
that 's great .
but , you know , this is really serious , because this stuff sucks , and we 're spending billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
i don 't know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
and you know what , when i say this , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
that 's how you feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the minister of health who says , " hmm , i won 't accept the receipts from my experts on field medicine " or some kind of health care who wants to treat his patient with morning medication .
if you go down this road where faith and magic replace science and faith , you can get to a place where they don 't want to be .
you will be granted access to minister for overseas operations in south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that red beds , garlic , and thai massage are much more effective than prescription drugs that we know can slow the progress of aids .
hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths in a country worse than any other suffering from this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
they always do .
now , the torrential epidemic we 're in is this absurd fight between the food processors genetically modified and the food chain .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , grain of rice , parsley , brussels sprouts , has been changed by the humans .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there were no signs of violence .
there were no christmas trees .
we 've done it 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and this stuff can help millions of people prolong millions of lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we are genetically engineered .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i keep hearing is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , herbicides , we don 't want no giant fields on one thing , that 's wrong .
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge science project , but it 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , discipline .
you know science isn 't a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do its work because we 're afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people alive from flourishing .
you know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we are right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this , and we 're not giving it to you .
genetically engineered .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat this rotten stuff like rotting fish .
i think it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it doesn 't have nutrients , it doesn 't have protein , and scientists are just building all that in it .
and then people could eat that and they wouldn 't go blind .
you wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
that would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , let 's ask ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want gene splicing ?
it 's not about that , gene roddenberry .
it 's not about our ridiculous obsession with hormones , our insistence on larger food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice krispies , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's about time you understand what that means .
'cause you know what ?
if we don 't do this , if we keep going the way we 've been going , we 're gonna be guilty of something we don 't wanna be guilty of , high-tech security .
there 's no other description of what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really need to stop this .
so after this incredibly fun conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go into this ridiculous time machine and into the future ? "
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on anything we want .
we can put them where we want to put them , and we 'll move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we get into the time machine and go into the future , we 'll be happy to have done that .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs right now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes real because someone sees it that way .
so that we can understand each other , i want to show you an elementary , very simple magic trick .
and i 'll show you how it works .
i learned it from cub scout magic in cub scouts myself .
i 'll take it out for you and then explain it .
and then i 'll explain why i 'm explaining it .
so , look what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'm just gonna hold the knife in my fist .
i 'll slide my sleeve back .
and to make sure nothing goes missing in my sleeve or gets out of it , i 'll just snap my wrist right here .
that way , you can see that nothing moves at any time .
and the goal is simple .
i 'm going to open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my very physical magnetism .
it 's actually so tight in its place that i can shake it without falling off the knife .
nothing goes up my sleeve or comes out , no forwarding address , and you can examine anything .
ta-da !
well , it 's a trick i often teach little kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
many of you probably know this trick .
here 's how it works .
i 'm holding the knife in my hand .
i say i bend my wrist to make sure nothing goes missing or comes out of my sleeve , and that 's a lie .
the reason i 'm holding my wrist is because it contains the real secret of illusion .
the moment i put my hand on you to see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , just from where it was , moves into a position where it 's stretched out like this .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
right .
and when i turn around , the finger changes position .
but that 's not really what this is about , and then i open my hand .
of course it 's held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick through my index finger which is there now .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i slip away , hidden by the movement , that the finger will slip away .
i 'm taking this hand away , and here 's the knife .
you can perform that trick for your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the barksdale case ?
a year or so ago , i read a study that really blew my mind .
i 'm not a doctor or an explorer , and that 's why this was an amazing thing for me .
because it turns out , if you 're offering a placebo in the form of a white pill , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain systemic effect .
but if you imprint the form in which you administer the placebo , for example , change it into a minor pill , and imprint this blue and a letter on it , it 's actually more effective .
and this , though none of those are pharmaceutical ... it 's just heart disease .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
turns out that 's not all .
if you take capsules , it 's even more effective than pills in any form .
a black capsule that 's yellow at one end and red on the other is better than a white capsule .
the dosage is important too .
i 'm sorry .
but the bottom line is ...
... that the dosages also matter .
and the form matters .
and if you want the ultimate punching bag , you have to reach for the needle .
a syringe with a prosthetic hand- - a few milliliters of a psychotropic substance that you 're injecting into a patient .
it creates a very strong image in your head , much stronger than a white pill .
this chart is really ... i 'll show it to you some other time when we have a projector .
so the fact is that the white pill doesn 't work as well as the blue pill that doesn 't work as well as a capsule that doesn 't work as well as the needle .
and none of that really pharmaceutical quality is just our belief that gives us a stronger impact .
i was wondering if i could use that idea for a magic trick .
i 'll take something that 's obviously fake and make it look real .
we know from the study that you have to stick to the needle when it comes to business .
this is an 18 cm long , it 's very , very sharp , and i will sterilize it a little bit first .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin , not a hollywood movie star .
i will now pierce this needle into my skin and drive through it until it exits on the other side .
if you get nauseous , if you faint easily , i showed this to some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest that if you get sick fast , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can also look away if you want .
well , it goes like this , right here where my flesh starts , at the bottom of my arms , i 'll just make a little puncture .
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and then out on the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation we had at the founder 's council .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
that 's one , two , three , four , five .
well ,
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " okay , he 's probably not as stupid as you think , " and he just skinned his skin just to keep us entertained for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay , i didn 't see that right . "
the people in the shelter are coming in now .
let me show you up close .
this is really my skin .
this is my meat , and i can turn this around .
look away , don 't look .
okay , let me squeeze some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally , i would remove the needle now .
i 'd clean my arm and show you there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here and with the intention of making a fake something real , i 'm just gonna leave the needle in there and walk away from the stage .
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
i hope you 're looking forward to it .
everyone talks about happiness these days .
i 've had some people count the number of books that were published with happiness in the title over the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there was a lot more .
there 's a tremendous wave of interest in happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of them .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but despite all this flooding of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and my lecture today will mostly be about these cognitive traps .
that goes for the layman thinking of their own happiness , and it goes for scientists thinking about happiness because it turns out we 're just as confused as everyone else .
the first of these traps is an intense reluctance to admit complexity .
turns out the word luck just isn 't a useful word anymore because we 're using it on too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning we could limit it to , but in the grand scheme of things , that 's something we 're gonna have to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view of what is well-being .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory that basically exists between being happy in his life and being happy in his life or happy in his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both addicted to the idea of happiness .
and the third is the answer , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't consider a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really quite emotional , ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what ruined it was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of beautiful music .
they didn 't count because he was left with a memory ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he got to keep .
what that really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a self that lives in the present and knows the present , capable of reliving the past , but basically only the present .
you know when the doctor says , " does it hurt now when i touch her ? "
or " how was your trip to albania ? " or something like that .
these are two very different units , the self conscious self , and confusing the two of them is part of the chaos of happiness .
well , the storyteller themselves is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a basic response to our memories . it starts immediately .
we don 't just tell stories when we 're about to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we 're allowed to keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients undergoing painful procedure .
it 's no longer painful these days , but it was painful when that study was done in the 1940s .
you 've been asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and they 're asked , " which one suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more .
but now there 's another question : " how much did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient a had a much worse spinal injury to the colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the cancer patients were different , and because a very critical part of history is how it ends .
and none of these stories are very uplifting or great but one of them is clearly ...
but one of them is a lot worse than the other .
and the one worse was the one where the pain was at the very end at the very end .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was much worse for " a " than for " b " in " b " .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the space-time continuum itself and the evolutionary process itself .
from the viewpoint of the times , b clearly had a worse time .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but only a little and a lot less than before .
what makes a story ?
and that goes for the stories that memory gives us , and it goes for the stories we invent .
which builds up a story of epic proportions , decisive moments and end .
endings are very , very important , and this case has dominated the end .
well , the life of islam itself is still living .
it has moments of reflection , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them are completely ignored by the self audience .
and yet somehow you get the impression that what happened during those moments of impact was our life .
it 's the limited resource we 're using while we 're in this world .
and how we 're using it would seem important , but that 's not the story the vigilante 's keeping to himself .
so we 've got the original genome and the original gene ourselves , and they 're really quite different .
the greatest difference between them is time dealing .
from the looks of it , even if you 're on vacation and the second week is as good as the first , then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the two-week vacation .
that 's not how it works for the online game itself .
for the individual , a three-day vacation is hardly better than a two-week vacation because there are no new memories added .
you haven 't changed history .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable , which is actually different from a quantum vacuum itself , and time has very little influence on this story .
well , the personally responsible makes more than remembering and telling stories .
the alumni committee has no voice in this election .
we choose between memories of our past .
and even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as a bittersweet memory .
and basically , you can look at it , you know , as a tyranny of the primal self , and you can think of yourself as the kind of thing that drags the brain around by itself through experiences that doesn 't need the brain itself .
it seems to me that when we go on holiday that is often the case , we go on holiday , basically , in the employ of the devil himself .
and that 's a little hard to explain , i think .
i mean , how much do we live off our memories ?
it 's one of the statements given for the dominance of the slaughter itself .
and i probably got from my memory of this amazing trip , i 'd say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half at most .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation all your pictures will be destroyed , and you 'll get a prescription drug so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose vacations we choose is a problem that presents us with a choice between the two kinds of ourselves .
well , the two types of self cast two terms of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can use , one per person .
so you can ask , " how happy is the papacy itself ? "
and then they would ask how happy are the moments in the life of the savior itself ?
and they 're all happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we 're now capable of getting a pretty good idea of the happiness of the founder himself over time .
if you 're asking for the happiness of the beast itself , it 's a whole other thing .
this isn 't about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how happy or pleased the person is when that person is thinking about their lives .
very different term .
anyone who fails to distinguish these terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i 'm part of a crowd of scientists of well-being who have bungled the exploration of happiness in this very way .
the distinction between the happiness of the heart itself and the happiness of the heart itself has been known over the last few years , and now you 're trying to measure the two separately .
gallup polls have a worldwide poll asking more than half a million people questions about what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there were other endeavors in that .
so over the past few years , we 've begun to learn about the happiness of both species of ourselves .
and the principal lesson we 've learned is that they 're really different .
you can know how happy someone is with their life , and that really doesn 't teach them much about how happy they live their lives and vice versa .
just to give them an impression of correlation , the correlation is about patient size .
what that means is that if you met someone and you were told , oh , his father is a model citizen , how much would you know about his size ?
well , they would know something about its size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
they have so much insecurity .
if i tell you someone classified his life as eight on a scale of ten , you 're in a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own private life .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what makes the reader happy .
we know money is very important , targets are very important .
we know happiness primarily means being satisfied with people we like spending time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but that 's dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of both species of self , you 'll end up doing very different things .
the conclusion from what i 've said here is that we really shouldn 't think of happiness as a replacement for comfort .
it 's a completely different term .
well , in a nutshell , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question of how happy the people of california are , you won 't get the correct answer .
when you ask that question , you think the people in california need to be happier when you , say , live in ohio .
and what happened is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , say , in the climate .
well , it turns out climate isn 't very important to the self concerned , and it 's not even very important to the self concerned , that decides how happy people are .
well , because the pa system is responsible , you can end up moving some people to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to track what happens to people who move to california in the hopes of getting happier .
well , your primal self won 't get any happier .
we know that .
you 'll think you 're happier , because when you think about it , you 'll be reminded of how awful the weather was in ohio , and you 'll feel that you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i 've given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was quite an interesting result coming from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting outcome we found in gallup poll is a number we absolutely didn 't expect to find .
we found this in view of the happiness of the citizen himself .
let 's have a larger vision of how feelings on income vary .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year for americans , and that 's a very large percentage of americans , roughly 600,000 , but it 's a large cash flow rate , under a dollar income of 600,000 a year ,
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year people are unhappy , and they get more unhappy the poorer they get .
above that , we get a flat line .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such flat lines .
what happens , obviously , is that money doesn 't buy you a penny , but lack of money certainly puts you in misery , and we can be very , very clear about that misery .
in the sense of the other self , the inner self , you get another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that doesn 't apply to emotion .
but , danny , the entire american endeavor is life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people took this finding seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything we believe , like , with regard to animal behavior and so on .
is there any chance that politicians would generally take a finding like that seriously and based on politics ?
you know , i believe that there is some recognition for the role of political activism .
recognition will be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it 's happening right now and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should consider happiness when they think about politics .
it 's gonna take a while , and people are gonna be discussing whether or not you want to explore federation space , so we 're gonna have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how to increase happiness goes very differently depending on how you think and whether you think about the outcome yourself or whether you think about the outcome yourself .
it will affect policy in the years to come .
in the united states , it 's hard to measure the value of the population .
that 'll be part of the national stats for a decade or two .
well , it seems to me that subject is going to be , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you for the invention of the scare games .
thanks , danny boy .
i 'm jane fonda , design computer games .
and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save it in time .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and smarter games .
right now , we spend three billion hours a week with each other .
some of them may think , " that 's a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
in fact , according to my research at the institute of the future , the exact opposite is accurate .
three billion hours a week is nowhere near enough to solve the most pressing problems in the world .
in fact , i 'm convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to drastically increase this time .
i 've calculated the time required is 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
this picture pretty much describes why i think games are so essential for the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of photographer phil bushey .
he wanted to capture the emotion playing so he set up a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic language of playing .
if you 're not a player , maybe you 're missing out on some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but also extreme concentration , immersed in solving a very difficult problem .
when you play , you see some nuances around here that go up , eyes up , mouth are a sign of optimism , eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player on the verge of a so-called epic victory .
okay , great , so we got some players here .
a bittersweet victory is a result , so very positive that you didn 't even know it was possible before .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you do , you 're shocked that you 're actually capable of something like this .
this player is on the brink of epic victory .
and this is what we need to see on millions of faces of earth 's leaders when we attack the obstacles of the next century , the face of those who face against all odds against an epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it the " in life i 'm bad " sign , and it 's actually my face , see ?
this is me doing the " in life i suck at . "
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation on why we are better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players have .
we don 't think we 're as good in reality as we are in games .
and i don 't just mean less successful , although that 's part of it .
i mean , good in terms of motivation to do something meaningful inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated , cynical .
we never have those feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist in games .
and that 's what i wanted to study as a research assistant .
why is it impossible in games to think you can 't accomplish everything ?
how can we transfer these feelings from games to reality ?
so i watched games like world of warcraft offering the ideal environment for communal learning .
and i have discovered some things that make epic victories in sports so possible .
so , first of all , when you get into one of these online games , especially with world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters willing to give you a six-month mission right now .
but not just some mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level , right ?
so you can do it .
you never get a job you can 't solve .
but always on the edge of your abilities , so you have to work hard , but there 's no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you don 't sit around twiddling your thumbs , there 's always an aim to do something important .
and there 's loads of staff .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
we don 't get it that easy in real life , this feeling that there are tons of employees waiting for us at the moment .
plus , there 's this epic story , this inspirational story about why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard of " level up " and " strength plus " or " plus 1 intelligence . "
this constant feedback is not in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't get to talk plus 1 plus 1 crazy idea plus 20 crazy ideas .
i don 't get this feedback in the real life .
so , the problem with online world of warcraft is that it 's so satisfying to be constantly on the verge of an epic victory , that we 'd rather spend all our time in these pizza boxes .
they 're just better than reality .
to this day , all the world of warcraft spent tens of millions of years together trying to solve the virtual problems of gaming technology .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to look at it in context , ten million years ago , our first group of scientists began to walk .
the first righteous primate , then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend playing these games right now , it just makes sense when you 're looking at the magnitude of human development , which is something extraordinary .
but it 's also appropriate , because it turns out that using this whole time to play , we actually change what we 're capable of as humans .
we develop into joint thinking , warm beings .
that 's the truth .
look at this interesting statistic that has recently been published by a carnegie mellon university researcher , the average young man from today spends 10,000 hours in a country with advanced computer science until the age of 21 .
so 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for kids in the united states , traditionally , when you spend your time in school , from fifth grade to high school , when you 're never missing .
so here we have a full scholarship program where young people learn exactly what it means to be a good player like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of them read malcolm gladwell 's new book " fly " .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of the ancients , that if we spend 10,000 hours studying a random subject as far as the age of 21 , we will be masters of it .
we 're gonna be as good at doing whatever it is we 're doing , like the world 's greatest people .
so what we have here is an entire generation of young people who are expendable .
so the big question is , " what exactly are players masterful good at ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd basically never have the full potential of human potential .
that 's how many people we have in the world right now , spending at least an hour a day with benefits .
these are our top stories , 500 million people who are remarkably good at something .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are exceptionally good at whatever .
in case you haven 't heard ,
computer technology has developed consoles , conserving energy and working on circuits instead of the interface program so players can play throughout the world , especially in india , china , brazil .
they 're expecting an extra billion players in the next decade .
that gives us a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is to make us master these games .
here are the four things i found .
okay , think of this as extreme avenger league .
the desire to do something right now , to overcome a hurdle with the belief that we have reasonable hope of success .
players always believe that a winning victory is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
gamblers are masters of spinning society .
there are a lot of interesting tests that show that we like people more after playing with them , even if they beat us badly .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules are respected , that we have the same goal , and we stay with them until the end .
so fitting together allows for bonding , trust and one another .
as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
phenomenal productivity !
you know , there 's a reason why the recovery of labor is playing 22 hours a week , as a part-time job , so to speak .
the reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard , like we 're relaxing or doing nothing .
we know that as human beings , we work optimal if we do hard , meaningful work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right assignment .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part of awesome missions of epic proportions .
here 's a wikipedia page to put it in the right light .
the world 's second largest storage facility in the world with almost 80,000 entries is the world of warcraft stacked up .
five million people use it every month .
they were compiling more information on world of warcraft online than any other subject in every other corner of the world .
you 're creating an epic story .
they 're creating an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so that 's four superpowers leading to one single outcome .
it 's people who believe that they can change the world as individuals .
and the only problem is that you think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward mordrake is a warg .
he 's researching why people spend so much time , energy and money in waste disposal .
and he says , " we will witness no less than a mass exodus in virtual worlds and mars colony . "
and it 's an economist , so it makes sense .
and he says ...
not like me - - i 'm developing game , i 'm a little bit .
so he says it actually makes sense because players can do more in sporting goods than in real life .
they can bond in games stronger social ties than in real life .
so , he says it 's completely logical right now that players spend more time in virtual world than in real life .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a long-term relationship .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that happened 2,500 years ago .
there are these ancient dice , made of iron .
before those fantastic summer nights , there were summer storms .
and these were , so to speak , the first of humans to develop alien dna .
and if you 're familiar with the works of the ancient greek revival theater , you might know this story ... the story of how and why games were invented .
according to military records , games , carefully crafted were invented during famine in the kingdom of samarza .
supposedly there was such a famine that the king of prussia decided to have a crazy idea .
people suffered , people fought .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented a national game of dice and a national strategy in one day you 'd eat , and the next day you 'd play .
and they 'd be so absorbed in the craps because games are so fascinating and surround us with satisfying , stimulating productivity they 'd forget there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day you 'd play and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to department regulations , they survived that famine for 18 years , eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 're gonna play today .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we 're putting in games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we 're taking what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the thrill .
the famine didn 't get better after 18 years , so the king decided to start a final craps .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a game of dice and the victors were allowed to embark on an epic adventure .
they left blackmoor and began their quest for a new home , leaving just as many people behind as there was food for survival and searching with the rest of it for a place to flourish .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but latest dna evidence shows that the dna evidence that later formed the roman empire will exhibit the same dna as the old seda .
that 's why scientists have recently come to believe that trakor 's mad story actually is true .
and geologists found evidence of global cooling that took nearly 20 years to explain the famine .
so this crazy story might be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games for 18 years , by running away in games and then having them and playing so much about each other , that it saved the entire civilization .
well , so can we .
we 've been playing warcraft since 1994 .
this was the first real-time satellite feed in real-time ... of the world of warcraft , 16 years ago .
they 've been playing warcraft for 18 years , we 've been playing warcraft for 16 years .
i say we 're ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half their civilization out looking for a new world , so i 'm taking my 21 billion dollar prototype a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the real world 's problems .
i know you 're going to ask , " how do we solve problems with the real world ? "
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , expressing how we should understand the future .
we 're not trying to tell the future .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome and then encourage people to put that idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'm going to show you three games i 've designed to try to make people epic victories in their own future .
this is " world without oil . "
game 's 2007 .
it 's a phase inverter , to break through a subspace frequency .
we tested this game with 1,700 players in 2007 , and we 've been accompanying them over the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was an out-of-body experience .
no one wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but if they 're on some epic adventure and they 're told , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you go on .
find out how they would survive , most of our players have retained unnatural habits .
so for the next championship game , we put on a bigger , bigger target than just baseball players .
we 've developed the game of " nerd " at the institute of the future .
point of origin is the calculations of a particle accelerator that humans have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called global positioning data , of course .
the appeal for players to sign up , we 've practically created a " pocket universe " .
you know jerry dantana , who will be given the " star witness " ... who will be covering the astronaut , the ex-con ... and only together will be able to save the world .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions you can read when you google " stabbing . "
it 's a game of cooperation with the world bank .
when you complete the game , from the world bank , you 'll receive the award of social anxiety , 2010 .
we work with universities all over the edge of state and invite them to study social affairs .
we have a comic book on it , we have " level up " for environmental systems , environmental sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
i 'd like to invite you all to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in private parties who benefit from sharing their own social enterprise together to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great meaning for change .
we have all these super powers , productivity , the ability to make tight social nets , satellite dishes , and the desire for meaningful meaning .
i really hope that together we play important games to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play games with me .
if i step into the next decade , i 'm sure of two things , that we can create every imaginable future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago writing an italian article .
i 've always had my college degree in writing , but i finished editing the text , and i realized that i 've never looked up what the word " handicapped " really means .
i 'll read you the entry .
healthy , strong , powerful . "
of course , it was an old edition , old issue .
but in fact , it was an early ' 80s when i just started elementary school and started building my self-image outside my family image , even with other kids around me .
and thank god i didn 't use a company car back then .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would be born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life can be in no way favorable way , but today i will celebrate the odds and adventures i 've had .
so i called up the 2009 poker scene reports immediately and expected to find a significant contribution here .
this is the updated version of this weather experiment .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words under " near eye " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we construct those values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and romans , really believed that the pronunciation of a curse has a great power , because the word you say aloud can manifest itself .
so , what are we looking to manifest - a handicapped person or a powerful person ?
calling a person careless as a child alone might be enough to narrow them down and make them believe .
wouldn 't it be better to open doors for them ?
a person who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in delaware .
his name is dr cranley , whose name , as you can imagine , most americans couldn 't pronounce properly , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. always wore very colorful flies and was perfect for work with children .
i just loved the time i spent in this hospital , except for my physical therapy .
and imagine , even as an 18-year-old kid , i 've been negotiating with dr. p. and trying to stop these drills , and it didn 't work .
and if you do , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i wonder today how much his vision of me as strong and caring young girl shaped my self-image , and i could imagine myself to be one of nature 's strong , powerful and resilient men .
it 's just an example of how adults in adult situations can stimulate the imagination of a child .
but as the already presented examples from the 1930s , our language leaves us no room to imagine anything we 'd all wish for , to allow each and every one to see themselves powerful .
our language lacks the social change , which , in many cases , were triggered by technological change .
so perhaps this technological change is clearer and clearer than ever that there has always been another truth , which is that every human being in society can make something very profound and very competitive and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest plus .
but the truth is , we 're changing , and of course , we 're marked by the challenge whether it 's physical , emotional , or even both .
and i say that 's good .
adversity is not an obstacle that we must overcome to better deal with our lives .
adversity is just part of our lives .
and i tend to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
and i don 't mean to diminish the impact or the severity of a human fight .
there are trials and challenges in life , and they 're just annoyingly real , and every person deals with them differently , but the question isn 't whether we deal with them or not , it 's how we deal with them .
so not only are we responsible for saving the people we love from extreme violence , but we 're also responsible for getting along with it .
and we 're not doing our kids any favors by making them feel like they can 't adapt .
you have to make two things very clear , for one , the medical fact of being amputated and the other the social opinion of whether or not i 'm handicapped .
and to be honest , the only real and permanent disability i 've had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks it can describe me with these definitions .
maybe the current concept that only pays attention to what 's broken in you and how we fix it is a greater handicap for each of us than the pathology itself .
if we don 't treat a human being as inhuman , and we don 't perceive and acknowledge all of its powers and capabilities , in addition to the natural struggle that you may have to lead , we create another disease .
we need a human who 's made us a society valued .
so we need to look beyond the call logs and focus on all areas of human possibility .
most importantly , there is a connection between the cognition and our great human race .
we shouldn 't denigrate these fine , rainy days , or we shouldn 't try to avoid them , or we should just sweep them under the rug , it 's about seeing in the odds .
it may be more about pointing out that we don 't have to overcome adversity , but that we 're open to embracing it , grabbing it by the scruff of the neck and maybe even dancing with it .
and maybe we can see adversity as a natural , inviting , and useful thing , and feel less burdened by their presence .
this year , we 're celebrating the 100th anniversary of charles darwin , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , in my eyes , darwin pointed out something very true in the human character .
i would put it this way : not the strongest of his kind survives , not the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt himself .
conflict creates creativity .
not only from darwin 's work do we know that man 's ability to survive and recycle is meant to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adjustment are man 's greatest skills .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're properly vetted .
perhaps that 's just the sense of adversity , a sense of self , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like that .
we can give new meaning to adversity beyond hard times .
maybe we can see adversity as a change .
adversity represents a change we haven 't yet adapted to .
i think the most damage we 've done to ourselves is to think we 're supposed to be normal .
who 's normal ?
there is no normal .
there 's the usual , typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor gray person if they really existed ?
i don 't think so .
members of our society have always challenged people to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that even 60,000 years ago , the neanderthals and men of serious physical injuries were carrying the life experience of the human race :
you didn 't consider these people damaged and useless ; you were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , in the city where i grew up , i went to a wine shop in that red zone , northeast of pennsylvania , and i was standing in front of a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me saying , " well , if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man .
and i said , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i pulled her out of her mother 's stomach . "
oh , him .
and , of course , it clicked .
this was dr. kean , a man i only knew from the stories of my mother , because , of course , i was , typically , two weeks late for my birthday .
my mother 's diagnostic doctor was on vacation , and so my parents didn 't know the man who delivered me .
and because i was born with no toes on my feet , and my feet had turned on them , and i had just a few toes on this one and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger , this stranger had to deliver the bad news .
and he named that part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , dr. keen changed his thinking .
he understood that the medical diagnosis and how someone handles it are two different things .
and i 've changed my mind over time , too , if you 'd asked me if i 'd swapped my dentures for flesh and bone legs , i wouldn 't have hesitated a second .
i wanted to look normal .
if you 're asking me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's because i experienced something with my legs , and not in spite of those experiences .
and maybe that change could happen because i 've met so many people who opened doors for me instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or put on an idea .
look , it really only takes one person to show you how to manifest your powers , and you 're done .
if you allow someone to activate their own inner powers , the human spirit is so powerful - - if you can do that and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , you are a very good teacher to these people .
they 're teaching them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the phrase , " blah-blah-blah " in the word " blah-blah-blah . "
it means bringing out something that 's within you to unlock the potential .
once again , what potential do we propose ?
in the 1960s , a case study was conducted in britain , where computer banks were converted to computer systems .
in the us , they call it " remote tracking device . "
the students will be divided according to grades .
and the " a " students are harder on the oral exam , and the better teachers , etc .
you then gave students over a period of limited time with an " enough " the grade " very good , and they were told you were aces that you were very smart , and after these three months , you actually wrote " a . "
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around the dabo tables were told they were only sufficient .
and that 's how it was after three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who dropped out of school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers were out of the loop .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the subjects and that the students with the grade were sufficient and that 's how they taught them something and treated them .
the only true disability is a broken spirit a spirit broken with no hope left , there is nothing more beautiful than our natural imagination and our innate capacity for knowledge .
but if we can help the human mind to continue to hope for themselves and other people to be beautiful , curious and imaginative , then we put our powers really positive .
when a spirit possesses those qualities , we can create a new reality and a new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
suppose i said that by a few changes in your genes , you might have a better memory , more precise , and faster .
or do you want to be fitter , stronger , have more strength ?
would you like to become more attractive and more confident ?
how about living in good health longer ?
or maybe you 're one of those who 's always wanted more creativity .
which one would you like most ?
which one would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one of these , it would be a whole different world .
is this all in your head ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been an ongoing issue here at jupiter station , but today i 'd like to give you the idea of a doctor on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , space scientist , who was also a pioneer in the russian orthodox church once wrote an essay entitled " nothing in biology makes no sense but in the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it legal for others , or does it involve us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of this process , far in the end , of course , is what we 're most interested in .
we grew up growing trees from a common ancestry to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in that time frame , there may have been 20 or 25 different cell blocks of time travel .
some have come and gone .
we 've been here for about 130,000 years .
it seems we 're pretty remote from the other parts of life , but mostly , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can benefit from this and commandeer the mechanisms of a joint bacteria to produce the protein of the human gene pool used to treat diabetes ?
this is not the same protein , this is the same protein that is chemical from what 's coming from the pancreas .
and speaking of germs , do you realize that each of us in our intestine leads more bacteria than cells in the rest of our body ?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , do you think if antonio banderas asks about your self-image , you 're thinking about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a wonderfully breathable environment for this bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very cozy .
and you 're gonna give them all the nutrients they could possibly want without any effort on their part .
it 's really an easy path for bacteria , with occasional interruptions of the executive order forced to exit .
but otherwise , you 're a wonderful environment for this bacteria , just as important to your life .
it helps to digest nutrients and protect them against certain diseases .
but what will happen in the future ?
are we in some kind of cylindrical balance in the shape of a marble statue ?
or are we destined to be something else - something that might even be better adapted to the environment ?
in this vast , unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single measure , and human life , a small change of style .
we were .
this also represents the significance of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college ,
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i found something very basic : most of the existence of life in sentient organisms , sharing each cell , and all the genetic information in the cell is being carried on both the cells .
but by the time embryonic organisms showed up , things started to change .
sexual reproduction .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction passing the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , you could say that the inevitability of our body 's death in evolution occurred at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i 've come to understand the feelings of george burns , who in las vegas puts on his show in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he 's opening the door .
in front of him is a beautifully sparsely populated showgirl .
she looks at him , and she says , " i 'm here to help . "
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the realization as a doctor that i was different from the goal of evolution , not necessarily contradictory , but different .
i was trying to preserve the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the redistribution of life to the next generation , adapt and survive generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i were designed like booster rockets to send genetic cargo to the next level of orbit and then drop into the ocean .
i think we 'd all understand the mood woody allen expressed when he said , " i don 't want to attain immortality through my work .
i want to achieve it by not dying . "
evolution does not necessarily mean the longest life .
it doesn 't necessarily affect the greatest , the strongest or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution evolves the creatures most suited to its environment .
it 's just a test of survival and success .
on the bottom of the ocean there are bacteria that are highly contagious and thus survive the hot steam otherwise , if there were fish , it would result in vacuum as a result of boiled fish , yet they have managed to create a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some sort of balance .
and the reason for that , for one thing , was that through medicine , we were able to obtain a lot of genes that would otherwise have been expelled and removed from the population .
and second of all , as an environmental activist , our environment has configured us to make them conform to us exactly as we adapt to it .
and by the way , we 're pacing ourselves and mingling so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to evolve .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , imposed by the forces of nature .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly grinding but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , if we as a species colonize distant planets , there will be insulation and changes in the environment that could naturally produce evolution .
but is there a third option , a compelling , fascinating and terrifying possibility ?
i call it- - the new development that isn 't easy , but it 's run and ruled by us as a leader in the decisions we make .
well , how did this happen ?
how could we do this ?
let us first look at the reality that people today , in some cultures , make decisions about their offspring .
you are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so you think if it weren 't only possible to choose the sex of your child but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would cure disease and prevent it ?
what if you could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's , or eliminate the decline of your blood or strokes ?
wouldn 't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
if we continue , that kind of change will be increasingly possible .
the human genome project started in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost $ 2.7 billion .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they were able to do the same thing for 20 million dollars in tens of four months .
today , you can complete a sequence of three billion human computer programming sequences at a price of approximately $ 20,000 and into the space of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality will be that there will be the $ 1,000 human kindness , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that human insulin produces in bacteria can make viruses that not only protect themselves , but also protect other viruses .
believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in progress with vaccine for influenza has been planted in the cells of a flu epidemic .
can you think of anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future , much more will be possible .
just think of two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could modify the sperm and eggs or the newly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance of a healthier life - eliminate the chance of cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the likewise controlled technology , the same engine of science that can make the changes possible to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt baby zebra , a better memory .
why didn 't ken jennings ' witty repartee special if you can expand it with the next generation of losers ?
why not have the fast combat units that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and when we 're in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we will be converted from inadequate evolution to evolutionary process .
we 'll have a process that usually takes 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years , and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are decisions that your grandchildren or their grandchildren will have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that 's better , more successful , the kinder ?
or are we gonna choose different attributes we want for some of us and not for others of us ?
will we form a society that is more vibrant and more well-rounded or more robust and well-rounded ?
these are the kinds of questions we 're gonna have to face .
and most of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom and master the wisdom we will need to make those decisions wisely ?
for better or for worse , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be ours .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine something , a portable robot that can give you superhuman abilities , or someone else who can help you get up and walk .
we at berkeley magazine call these robots mechanics .
they 're nothing more than something you put on in the morning that will give you extra strength and that will increase your speed and that will help you keep your balance , for example .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not just merge with that and connect to the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we begin by talking about the american soldier who , on average , carries about 100 pounds on his back , and there is a request that you carry more equipment .
of course , this will lead to some significant complications caused ... 30 % of chronic kidney disease .
so we figured we 'd take this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
now , let me introduce you to some of the saboteurs ... or the human universal exports .
i can carry 200 pounds over indian territory for many hours .
its most ingenious design allows you to squat down , crawl , and perform highly provocative movement .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go , and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce with our giant eagle this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now let 's take a look at the guys in wheelchairs , something i 'm particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people estimated in a wheelchair .
that 's about one percent of the profits .
and that is , in fact , a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people with personality disorders that were struck by fate in the prime of their lives : 20s , 30s , 40s , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the aging population , which multiplies .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a minor stroke or other complications is the wheelchair .
and so it has been for 500 years , by the way , since his , as i must say , has been a very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me introduce you to a pair of sweatpants worn by amanda rehme , who suffered a computer bomb 19 years ago , which resulted in her not being able to walk for 19 years and so far .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it 's got sensors .
his fully sensors in the crutches , sending signals back to our suspect ship , which is attached to your back .
here 's also the walk of the aisle , which is located on your hips , as well as your pubic hair , which you move forward in this fairly supple and very natural .
i was 24 years old and i was in my best shape when a somersault during a rainstorm .
in a split second , i lost every feeling and every movement beneath my pelvis .
not long after , a doctor stepped into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every shred of hope from my mind .
ever since then i 've been taught to ski , climb , even ride a bike with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go again until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and discuss with them .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here , and all the guys in wheelchairs , but for everyone in wheelchairs .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of rd at a nonprofit called robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight the fire as an aid worker for a volunteer fire engine .
well , in our city , where volunteers supported an emerging market policy , you have to be at the hospitality industry pretty early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the job fair , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the captain in charge and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he was in a very serious conversation with the landlady who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was the middle of the night and she was in her pajamas , barefoot under an umbrella outside in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer who arrived just before me ... we call him lex luther ... the captain first and was asked to go to the house and save the dog of the owner .
i was speechless with envy .
there was some lawyer or money manager who could now tell people he went into a burning house to save a living being because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me over .
he said ,
you need to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down , where at the front door i met my archenemy and my beloved dog .
we carried our treasures outside to the home owner , where , not surprisingly , he received much more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the landlady thanking her for the bold efforts to save her house .
with all due respect , someone had even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and on my professional status as a volunteer firefighter , i am a witness to generosity and kindness on a large scale , but i also see acts of charity and the work of individuals .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so when i look around this room and i see people who either have reached a phenomenal success or are on their way there , i 'd like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve at a soup kitchen , clean up a neighborhood park ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a person 's life , but every day gives us a chance to change one .
so go ahead , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i 've just come back from a community that knows the secret of the human race .
a place where women run the scepter , with sex say hello , and the game determines the day when fun is a serious matter .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of the wild bushman , the jungle of congo .
a chimpanzee is our next living relative .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimps are known for aggression .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect to the story of human evolution .
but we 'll see the other side of the medal .
while chimpanzees are being run by large , terrifying males , the mating habits of slaughtered females are run by males .
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to a very repressive society , where deadly force has not yet been observed .
but unfortunately , word animals are the least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the central nervous system and are barely accessible to observation .
the congo is a paradox a country of extraordinary healing and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself the setting of a violent confrontation that has raged decades and nearly claimed as many lives as the first world war .
it is not surprising that this destruction also threatens the survival of the ventu .
jet fuel and the decline of the football stadium can 't be filled with the remaining oil fields , and even then , we 're not sure , to be honest .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear hidden laughter that shakes the trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know them as " love instead of war " syndrome , because they have frequent , often promiscuous sex , with varying partners , and rules of conflict and social exclusion .
i 'm not saying it 's the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the trade federation is more than the kama sutra .
- --
_
for us , and it 's a fundamental game to the bond of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game increases creativity and creativity , and it 's mostly about the creation of infinite variety of interactions , variety of behaviors , variety of connections .
and when you observe animal behavior at the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and rituals .
game is the kitt that gets us in .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i 'd like to show you some unique footage straight from the wild .
first , a ball game on a ballgame , and i 'm not thinking about soccer .
so here we see a young female and a male in a g-string .
look at what she 's doing .
that could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
only i think he likes it more , don 't you ?
yes !
so , word travels are common , both in human and human .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms , some of which are a little quieter , imaginative , inquisitive , perhaps to rediscover wonder .
and i want to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think just like you , sometimes we play alone , and we transcend boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it 's this rudimentary curiosity that makes us explore and interact , and the unexpected energy buildup that we create are breeding grounds for creativity .
this is just a small taste of the insights that space agents grant us into our past and present .
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to growing challenges through greater creativity and widespread enhanced cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game 's our game .
to successfully blend into a three-dimensional world , we have to play .
but are we going to make the best of our relationship ?
play 's not silly ,
it 's essential .
life is not made up of teeth and claws .
just when it hardly seems appropriate game may be the most crucial .
and so , my fellow earthlings , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together as we marvel at the camaraderie and the adventure of creation .
thank you .
okay .
so two pair , each baby .
now i don 't want you spending too much time imagining the creation , because if you 're imagining the whole thing , you 're not gonna listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in one case , sperm is wearing a y chromosome that meets the x of the chromosome .
and in the other case , the sperm is carrying an x chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
they 're both detonating .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my activities , i wear two hats .
under a hat , i study the history of anatomy .
i 'm studying animal behavior , and in this case , i 'm examining how people with anatomy were managing d.h. human body , animal body , with bodily fluids , as they were thinking about body .
the other hat i wore at work is the activist , an activist , an activist , or , as i sometimes say , an investigative lawyer of people who are patients of doctors .
in this case , i have worked with people who have social norms questioned .
that 's how i 've worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
i 've been working with people with alzheimer 's patients , so people who were smaller than usual .
and a lot of times i 've worked with secular people whose sex is ethnic , so people who don 't exhibit the average male or female tastes .
and as a general term , we can use the word " ogling . "
there are many different shapes of skin .
i 'm just giving you some examples of the possible types of sex addicts who don 't meet the male or female standard .
in one case , you might have someone with a xy chromosome , and the xy gene takes the y gene , which we all have at the cellular level , makes them grow testicles .
and that 's why the testicles in the early stages give off testosterone .
but because this individual lacks the receptors to detect the testosterone , the body doesn 't respond to the testosterone .
and that 's what they 're called .
a lot of testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body develops more following the typical female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but it usually takes her time to reach puberty and her boobs grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone figures out something 's different .
and they run some tests and find that instead of ovaries and womb , they actually have testicles inside them and that she has a y chromosome .
it 's important to understand that this person might actually be male , but they 're not really .
women , like men , have something in our body called the work of women .
they 're in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands are manufacturing adrenal glands , which are raging hormones .
most women , like me , i think i 'm a typically woman i don 't know my actual whereabouts , but i think i probably have the typical women like me actually refer to fashion trends .
we 're making mortar rounds , and we 're responding to broad-spectrum antibiotics .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that 's exposed to more primal forces than a woman who was born with testicles and has an addictive personality .
so sex is really complicated ; ultraviolet lights aren 't just in the middle of the spectrum of gender in a way , they can be spread across the spectrum
he had an extreme form of congenital heart defect .
he took xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so active , they essentially created a male reproductive organ .
and as a consequence , his genitals became butch , his brain was exposed to the reproductive male part of the renal system .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - no one knew .
and it wasn 't until he was 19 years old that he got enough medical problems , actually , because he found out on the inside that the doctors found out he was female .
okay , just one quick example of a variant of canine distemper .
some people with xx chromosomes , they develop something called gene symmetry , which is shrouded in mystery .
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason children with this kind of body are conjoined or siamese twins , whether surgeons are often adjusted to the norm , is not because it would benefit their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason you often have multiple types of surgical procedures on you is because you threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a particular demographic box of text accompany with a certain identity .
so we have the concept of being a woman is to have a female identity ; to be a black person is supposed to have an african anatomy
so we have this terribly disappointing idea .
and when we 're confronted with a body that is , in fact , something very different to us , it confuses us with these addictions .
so in our culture , we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism .
and our nation is really built on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , two people in a body ,
where i 'd seen most of the excitement lately ... was the south eyed caster blind spot ... last year 's sex with the greatest light heavyweight championship in berlin .
a lot of journalists have been asking me , " what test are you going to take to tell us whether caster is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalists that this test doesn 't exist .
we now know sex is complicated enough to admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and female and african-american ;
and that 's not just about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be more complicated than the terminology we picked up .
we take into all sorts of uncomfortable areas in our mind .
we , for example , bump into the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna in common with chimps .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we 're only different from them by a few key words ?
as we continue to push our science further and further , we are increasingly into a zone of uncertainty where we must acknowledge that the most volatile categories we have had are probably too simple .
we see that in all kinds of human life .
one of the areas where we see this as the beginning of the world , in our culture today , in the united states , are the battles of the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about the point where a body becomes a human being so that it has a different right than the imperfect life .
we have very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as public as in medicine , about when someone is dead .
our ancestors never had so much trouble fighting the question of when someone was dead .
you 've been holding a feather under someone 's nose , and if she moved , you haven 't buried her yet .
when she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today we are in a situation where we harvest people 's vital organs and want to transplant them to other people .
and as a result , we get caught up in the fight with the really hard question of when someone 's dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple categories as before .
now you could assume that the whole fall of categories would make someone like me truly happy .
i 'm politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
realizing that these categories are much more insecure than we thought makes me tense .
and it makes me tense to think about democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first admit that i am a huge fan of the founding fathers .
i know you were a professional dancer , i know you were a professional dancer , but you were great .
i think they were so brave and strong , and so radical in what they did , every couple of years , i find myself looking at the haunting musical in 1776 , and it 's not because of the music that 's completely forgotten .
it 's about what happened to the culpers in 1776 .
the founding fathers were the original activist in my view , and that 's why .
what you wrote was a rhetorical concept , and you replaced it by another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years was essential for us .
as you all recall , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was essentially based on a very unifying concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of bone growth .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they believed that people who had political power should have this political power because of grandfather 's bloodline to father to son and so on .
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new unifying concept , and this concept said all men were created equally .
they lowered the playing field and decided anatomically , they saw the similarities , not the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did part because they were part of a monetary system where two things came together .
democracy was growing , but science was growing at the same time .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in the concept of a three-dimensional world .
they went away from explanation of supernatural form , and they chose to reject things like a supernatural concept of power , where the transfer is based on a very vague inherited form of birthright .
they moved to a more practical concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
you 're not talking about god and the nature of god .
they 're talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they gave us a concept that was about similarities between us .
and with that , in a really wonderful way , you have prepared the future civil rights movement .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women succeeded .
next up , the successful civil rights movement , where we saw people talking about the truth , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the toughest ranks of the guard says , " i 'm a man . "
again , people of different color , who call themselves on uneven differences against racial differences , successful .
we 're seeing the same thing at the dmv .
of course , the problem is , as soon as we start looking at all the similarities , we have to start questioning why we maintain certain separations .
well , mind you , i want to sustain certain separations , anatomically , in our culture .
i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should step back from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that five-year-olds have the right to give their consent to sex or marriage .
so there are some serious breakups that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is trying to figure out which one it is and why we 're keeping it and whether it makes sense .
so let 's get back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of the millennium .
we conceived two wesen , both in ' 79 on the exact same day .
let 's imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born expecting , so he was born march 1 , 1980 ,
just because maria was born prematurely for three months , she gets all sorts of rights three months before heinrich has the right to have consensual sex , the right to drink .
heinrich has to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of the inadequate his birth .
we 'll find other law enforcement agencies regarding what their rights are .
heinrich , assuming that he is male , though i have not told you that he is the one with xy , since it is assumed to be male , he can now be drafted , which maria has no need to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot perceive in all states the same right that heinrich has in all states the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so we have these permanent categories which are , in many ways , problematic .
and for me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our science has made such strides in the area of anatomy , that we reach a point where we must admit that a democracy that relies on anatomy could fall apart ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , it sometimes feels like science is going on its own .
so where are we going ?
it seems our culture is taking a kind of practical posture , " well , we need to draw a line somewhere , so we 're pulling it somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught in a very strange position .
for example , at one point , texas has decided that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
well , in practice , people aren 't tested for their addictions .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the story i initially told you about the mcdermott case .
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream speech " kind of a solution .
he says we should judge people not by their color , but by the quality of their character , and so beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their character traits ?
i 'd like to point out that i also know some bright spots that are more capable , more capable , more capable , and more capable of making their sexual relationships than some 40-year-old i know .
so how are we supposed to question the properties of the character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that could be seen in the future via satellite surveillance devices ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading by worrying about questions of democracy .
in our efforts for democracy , we 've done our thing really well , and i think we 'd do our thing in the future well .
conditions of this nature do not exist with us .
i 'm glad to say we don 't have these conditions , a surgeon i talked to a couple years ago , who brought in a pair of siamese twins to separate them , partly to make a name for themselves .
i said to him , " now you 've considered political asylum rather than surgery to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without changing for the sake of the state .
that 's why i think we have to lead .
well , just to lock up , i 'd like to point out that i 've talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy might look like , or look like if we had the mothers more involved .
and i 'd like to say something that 's a bit radical for a feminist , and i think that there may be several kinds of insights that stem from different types of anatomy when people apply a love triangle .
for years now , because i was interested in space exploration , i 've also been interested in the field of quantum physics .
and one of the things i found really interesting is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and operate in the world .
what we 've learned from far more complex studies is that women , on average , not every one , but on average , tend to tend complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable within the group to a lot of attention .
and that 's why , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was doing a book signing , one of my readers asked me , who knew my interest in feminism , i considered myself a feminist , so do a really curious question .
he said , " tell me what is feminine about feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the dumbest question i 've ever heard .
feminism isn 't feminine .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism .
that means there might be something , on the average , which makes female brains differ from male ones , which makes us more attentive to mature social relationships , and paying closer attention to sexual predators .
and maybe that 's where we need to go in the future when we have democracy on anatomy 101 less to think about individual bodies and more about relationships .
so that , as a people , when we try to establish a two-way link , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and this is , i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love to find another outfit , wear , and lately photograph and blog .
but i 'm not buying anything new .
i get all my secondhand clothes on the back of my hand and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
allow me to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and also to my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people , my dollars usually serve a good cause , i look pretty unique , and it makes shopping for my very own personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i 've won .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week here at ted 's .
i mean , what does someone with so many outfits bring ?
so i 'm gonna show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of panties , and that 's all .
panties for exactly a week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet that i 'd find anything else i might want to wear once i got to palm springs .
and since you didn 't hear from me when the woman walking around here with ted in her underwear , that means i found some stuff .
and i really want to show you my outfits for the week .
sound good ?
while i 'm doing that , i 'm also going to give you some of the lessons , believe it or not , that i 've learned from these adventures not to wear anything new .
let 's start with sunday .
i call that the radiant tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than $ 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i 've worn all week .
color is a little more feminine .
it 's almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're wearing crotchless pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
adaptation 's overrated .
i 've spent a lot of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
when you surround yourself with the right people , not only will you understand , you 'll appreciate it .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing dress-up or reminding them of their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost certain .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me that day after day .
but it wasn 't until i turned 30 that i really understood what that meant .
and i 'm gonna briefly summarize this for you .
if you think you 're a wonderful person on the inside and out , there 's nothing you can 't wear .
so there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday : universal truth - - five words : golden plates match everything .
and finally , saturday , developing your own unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
it was proven to me over and over again when people came at me this week just because of what i was wearing , and i had great conversations .
obviously , this isn 't all gonna fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn ,
because the lesson i 'm trying to learn myself this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to put these things on hold emotionally because right around the corner there 's always gonna be another crazy , cuddly , beaming outfit waiting for me to have a little love in my heart and looking for it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , everyone .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as the flying tiger .
this is what we in our lab call highly reactive design .
let me tell you a little about it .
some time ago , if you wanted to win a formula 1 race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then they won the race .
this is what you would call a police station .
and basically , it 's a system that consists of two parts - - a dominant part and a dominant part .
what 's interesting these days is the beginning of our lives to appear .
our cities have just been equipped with networks and electronics over the last few years .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer outside , they start to react in a different way , they 're perceived and powered .
we make cities , it 's a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 percent of the world 's population lives there .
they 're 75 percent of the co2 emissions , causing up to 80 percent of the co2 emissions .
so if we do something about the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , all those sensations draw and rush into objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition that paola antonelli will organize later this year during the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all of our objects , our environment , are starting to speak back to us .
in a sense , it 's almost like every atom out there becomes both , a sensor and a sensor .
and it radically changes the interaction we people have with our environment outside .
in a way , it 's almost as if michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , our environment begins to respond for the first time .
i 'll just show you some examples - again , with the idea of intruding and driving our environment .
let 's begin to perceive .
now , the first project i want you to see is actually one of the first in our lab .
it was made four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won the sharpshooter medal .
some of you will remember , it was when italy was playing against france , and then at the end , the head-butt .
and anyway , italy won in the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity happening on the network .
here you see the city .
you see the colosseum in the middle , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see the timeline upstairs .
early afternoon , people here and there making calls and moving .
the game begins - - silence .
france scores a goal , italy scores a goal .
halftime , people make a quick call , go to the bathroom .
end of game time .
first extension , second .
headbutt , in a moment of impact .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went downtown to meet with the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the place massimo , where , since roman time , people go to parties to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
quickly , another example of sensation : this is not about people , but about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our stuff comes from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips made up of a mac computer how they got together .
but we know very little about where things go .
so we actually designed some little markers in this project to track the trash as it walks through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who helped us , a little more than a year ago , in seattle , mark the things that they were doing - - different kinds of things that they could see - - - things they would throw away anyway .
then we put the little chips , the little tokens on the garbage and started tracking him .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized there were a lot of electrical problems in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data was unavailable before .
but this is happening a lot of useless shipments and complicated things .
the other thing is , we believe that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
and that plastic bottle we throw away every day still stays there .
and if we show that to people , then we can move forward with a marketing strategy .
so that 's the reason for this project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in asheville , spain .
it started with a question from the mayor , who came to us and said that spain and spain had a wonderful tradition of using public water as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how could you connect technology to new technology ?
and one of the ideas that came up with on a sex tape was imagine those tubes , and valves , valves , valves , opening and closing .
they 're causing , like , a water cascade effect .
when those journal posts fall off , you can write on them , display patterns , pictures , text .
and you can approach him , and he will open up to have you escorted out , as you can see in this picture .
well , we introduced mayor bloomberg .
he loved it .
and we were hired to design a building by the expo entrance .
we called it the digital water distributor .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered in water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to downsize , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here 's how the building works .
you see the person wondering what 's happening inside .
and here you see me trying to avoid getting wet testing the sensors that opened the water .
well , i should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but it was actually more fun that night .
all the kids from sheboygan came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open up to let them in , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump now without getting wet .
and that was very exciting for us , because as architects , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people use the things we design .
but the reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used to interact with people .
here 's a picture of the building with the physical manifestations of the impact craters , the ridges from water and the projections on it .
and this is what got us thinking about the following project i 'm about to show you .
imagine if those jets actually started flying .
imagine you could have little choppers flying through the air , and any of you with a little reflective light - - almost like a cloud that can move across the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , totally in sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have some kind of three-dimensional screen or display , like this - - an even formation in two dimensions .
or erratic , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , is not the position of the time machine .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine the screen just might appear in different sizes or sizes , in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could just be a 3-d cloud of soda dust that you can walk up to and move through that you can see from many , many directions .
here you see a real live audio file , which is designed to mold a solais v like before .
if you turn on the light , that 's what it looks like .
imagine every single one of them being controlled .
it could have a pulse of any kind that comes from people , from the movements of men or something .
i want to show you something first .
we worked with roberto argentina , one of the best ballet dancers of our time - - the theater director at the metropolitan theater in new york and the scala in milan - - we recorded his movements in 3-d to use as an impulse for the music program .
here 's roberto dancing .
on the left , you 'll see the mass changes , the different kinds of impressions .
it 's also a stress fracture and a spinal fracture .
so you can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all the basic skills , they can play with it and play with color motion , gravity and centrifugal force .
that 's what we 'd like to use as a possible pulse for the particle field .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we 're working on for the london olympics .
it 's called the cloud - - the cloud .
the idea , in turn , is that we bring people back in to do something and change the environment - almost as we call putting them in the motor pool as you move a cloud .
imagine that anyone can make a small donation to a family fund .
i think that 's the remarkable thing about the events of the past few years , the last decades , is that we 've gone from physical to digital world .
it digitized everything , knowing , making it accessible through the internet .
today , for the first time , and the campaign obama has shown that , from the digital world , from the powers vested in us , we can change the physical world .
that can be in our case that we use to design and create a symbol .
that means something built in the city .
but tomorrow it can face challenges to come - - think of climate change or co2 emissions - how can we change from digital world to physical physics ?
so the idea is that we actually involve the people in doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is another cloud of vapor , the same way a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and those particles are water while our cloud is a cloud of vapor .
it 's an evocative shape in london , but it 's covered in rock formations .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually see it from below , share the most important moments of olympia 2012 and allow it to be used as a kind of association with the community .
so both the physical cloud in the sky and something to which they can go , like london 's new mountaintop .
you can go in .
and a kind of digital lighthouse at night - - but as a training exercise , a new kind of experience for anyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , the context is very important to me .
what i 'm trying to say is that people aren 't separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , seeing my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy , trying to grasp what was in front of me .
the icebergs surrounding me were nearly 60 meters out of the water , and i was surprised that one snowflake was on another snowflake year after year .
icebergs are being born as a calf of a sheep 's calf or breaking out of sheep 's testicles .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they are clearly interacting with their environment and their experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can 't stand it and drown in a fit of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , just like people see each other a lot .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i breathe in its colder atmosphere .
as the iceberg melts , it releases drinkable water which nourishes many life-forms .
i 'm referring to my recordings of these icebergs as if i were going to make portraits of my ancestors , knowing that they exist in these individual moments , never to exist again .
there is no death when they melt , there is no end , but a continuity of their life along the life cycle .
part of the ice in the ice that i distilled is very young - some thousand years old .
and part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
the last images i 'd like to show you show you are an iceberg i picked up in greenland ice .
it 's very rare to actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here you go .
on the left , you 'll see a small boat .
that 's about five metres long .
please watch the shape of the iceberg and where it 's at the tip of the iceberg .
you can see it 's starting to roll , and the boat moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
that 's the average size of a football field .
he 's got about 120 feet out of the water or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you another side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly extraordinarily blessed by working on some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was about this guy .
his name is eak
tarasov was one of the leading architects of the ' 80s .
then one day , he came back from running and said , " pop , my legs tingle . "
and that was the onset of the a.l.s.
she 's completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes now .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
so we 've decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we 're gonna give you this money ,
what will you do with it ? "
and his brother said , " i just want to be able to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back to him , and i said , " wait , isn 't that - - i 've seen stephen hawking - - can 't all paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you 're a member of the higher security force and you have a remarkable insurance , you can really do that .
these devices are not available to normal people . "
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen " butterfly and parsnip " ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run .
i said , " how can that be ? "
so i came in with the need to just write a check and instead i wrote a check that i didn 't have the slightest idea how to cash .
because it 's a farce that someone who still carries all this inside can 't communicate it . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people from scratch , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on each random surface and then draw with an infrared image that only registers the negative surface .
so they move around and do battle drills like this .
they say that all things displayed up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the toe rings , then the swear words , then the toe rings , and finally , people actually make art .
but there was always a life cycle in your presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we 've accomplished some things .
one , we 've been slamming the doors to insurance companies , and we 've actually gotten a device for cyber attacks that he can communicate with - - a stephen sondheim .
that was incredible .
and he 's really extremely funny - - i call him yoda , 'cause you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and it 's like , " i 'm so unworthy , this guy is unbelievable . "
we 've also flown in seven programmers from all over the world - literally from every corner of the world - to our home .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
a lot of our friends thought that we were pretty stupid to do this and that we moved around and all the pictures were left on the walls .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog and we created this .
it 's called horse hair , and you can see the description .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought on the boardwalk in venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a memory probe , put it on a memory board , and now we have a device that 's available - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free to download software for free .
so we 've created a device completely free of restrictions .
no insurance can interfere
no hospital either .
anyone paralyzed can actually communicate or draw with his eyes alone .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back to fet 's .
i love this picture because it 's someone else 's room , and this is his room .
there 's all this hoopla before the big unveiling
and after more than a year of planning , two weeks of sailing , night boating and night , tony drew again after seven years .
and that 's an impressive image , because this is his life support system , and he 's looking beyond his life support .
we tilted his bed so he could look outside .
we put a projector up against a wall of plaster outside the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time , in front of his family and friends , and you can only imagine what it felt like in the parking lot .
funnily enough , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt we were more suited to be part of the espionage act .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail saying , " for the first time in seven years , i 've drawn something .
i feel like i 've been pushed underwater , and finally someone reached down and raised my head so i can breathe . "
isn 't it amazing ?
it 's like our rabbit hole .
keeps us in line and keeps us developing .
and we still have a lot to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing piece of equipment , but it 's about to come out of the ordinary .
and someone with such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we have received all kinds of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming from our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong was buzzing about us , and then , in december , we were honored by the springfield museum as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest thing is - - and it closes the entire circle - that there 's gonna be an art show in downtown los angeles
and they 'll be there pretty much the toughest representatives of the carnival show - - they 'll be there - - law enforcement , shepard , co -
yeah .
so the point is , if you see something that 's impossible , make it happen .
everything in this room was impossible - - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the remote - - everything was eventually impossible .
make it happen - all of you here .
i 'm not a programmer , and i 've never had anything to do with copyright infringement , but i just caught something and surrounded myself with amazing people so we could work something out together .
and that 's a question each of you should ask each and every single day that you notice something that needs to be done , if not now , when , and if not me , then who ?
thank you .
so , i write for kids , and i 'm probably america 's most frequent travel miles .
and i always tell people i don 't want to come here like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one 's ever picked a farmer .
today i want to tell them about circles and revelations .
well , enlightenment is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it - richard roeper .
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle started back in the ' 60s at high school in dekalb , ohio , where i was valedictorian .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in the school cafeteria until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the bathroom in the teachers ' lounge .
she did it in secret .
she did it for three years ,
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had 85 bucks , and it hit me to san francisco in california - - i found a lover - - and back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to get a job with web servers .
about three or four years ago , i got a call from this teacher in the middle of the night , a woman who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sad we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come with the man i know you 've found by now .
" and i should mention that i have extra credit and i want you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for you , we took you there , and we took care of you , and we took care of your family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , met me , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation i was talking about showed .
revelation is that death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of its life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i 'm so glad that this has been mentioned so often .
he also needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's up to us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a large explosion as you rise to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
" snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap , snap ! "
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place that day ; i was sitting on instagram .
i was the only one who could talk to the schillings .
so i looked right at them , and they said , " no problem , i think we got a couple of birds . "
the pilot had already turned the plane around and we weren 't that far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at once .
the pilot set the machine to the hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
can you imagine an unmarked plane ?
and then he said three words- - the most offensive words i 've ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't need to talk to the sketch artist anymore .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
while i was thinking about it later , i remembered a phrase that said , " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , i open it .
i don 't want to postpone anything ever again .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned that day , and that was when we missed the george washington bridge pretty much by a hair - - i thought , geez , there was one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i sought to become better at everything i aspire to be .
but in my humanity , i also gave space to my ego .
and i regretted the time i wasted on meaningless things with people who matter .
and i thought about my relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and after thinking about it , i decided to put negative energy out of my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i try not to be right anymore ; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned while the inside clock was ticking , " 15 , 14 , 13 ,
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as you know from documentaries .
as we crashed , i had this feeling , man , dying isn 't scary .
almost as if we 've been preparing for this our whole lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness really resonated in one thought , that i only want one thing .
i just wish i could watch my kids grow up .
about a month later , i went to see my daughter elementary , not much artistic talent ...
... not yet .
and i celebrate , i cry like a little kid .
and the world made sense to me .
i realized then by connecting the dots , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , anything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i have been blessed not to die on this day .
i 've received another gift , which is to see into the future and to come back and live differently .
my call to all of you flying today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight , please don 't , but imagine it , and how would you change ?
what would you do that you delay because you think you 'll be there forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
and more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the integrated math program is pretty straightforward .
we don 't want iran to build the bomb .
the most important item there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear arsenal at vandenberg .
the gray boxes you see here , they 're blank .
now , if we can compromise the systems that control cooling ducts and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with that centrifuge .
these gray boxes don 't run on contingency ; they 're based on a completely different technology .
but if we can create an effective delivery system on a laptop used by a company computer to configure this gray box , we 're in business .
and this is the planning behind the scenes .
so we 're gonna start with a family portrait .
the search protocols are being transferred into the grey box , damage the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear program running late - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , isn 't it ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research for research purposes six months ago , it was completely unknown what was the purpose of this research .
the only thing we knew was very , very complicated about the demographic part , the most obvious part , he made use of myriad vulnerable points .
and there seemed to be something comforting , with these gray boxes , these polished marble tops .
this excited our attention , and we began a sociological project where we began our environment with infected people , and we explored this construct .
and then something weird happened .
act like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese , but wouldn 't eat it .
that didn 't make sense to me .
and after experimenting with different kinds of cheese , i realized this was a surgical strike .
fully targeted .
the stewmaker is actively roaming the gray box when a specific configuration is discovered , even if the special program that runs him to infect on this target .
and if not , then don 't do anything .
well , that really piqued my interest , and we started working on it almost round the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could be , say , a self-sustaining american power plant or a toxic waste plant in germany .
so we better find out what the target is soon .
so we decoded and deconstructed code and found out he 's blown into two digital warheads is a smaller one and a bigger one .
and we also noticed that they were very professional constructed by people who obviously had all the information available .
they knew every bit and bytes they had to hit .
they probably even knew the size of the dog .
so you knew everything .
and since you 're aware that the encryption algorithm is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the encryption codes are a science to itself .
it 's much more challenging than anything we 've ever seen .
here you see a clip from this binary code .
we 're talking about - - about 15,000 lines code .
looks pretty much like old-fashioned kiddie porn .
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out that code .
so the first thing we were looking for was adrenaline hits because we know what they do .
and then we looked for reflections and mirror images and tried to connect them to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories on those targets we could prove or disprove .
in order to formulate these theories , we remind ourselves that this is definitely a deliberate sabotage . it must be a high-value target and most likely is in iran because most of the infections were reported .
well , there aren 't several thousand targets in that area .
basically , it all boils down to the atomic power plant and the atomic number in nuclear reactors .
so i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts in farming tools and local clientele . "
and i called you and replicated your knowledge to match your expertise with what we found in the code and data .
and that worked very well .
so we were able to link the little digital warhead to the warhead 's identity chain .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you are seeing .
and when you manipulate the speed of this pulley , you 're actually able to crack the rotor and finally , explode the centrifuge .
what we also found out is that the target of the attack was actually to let it happen slow and scary , obviously in an attempt to make it desperate , so they wouldn 't be able to figure it out quickly .
the vast digital warhead we received a glimpse of how closely we studied data and intelligence manipulation .
so , for example , number 164 is very effective in this code ; you can 't miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature , about how these fusion reactors are built in central areas , and i found that they 're structured in what are called cities , and every cascade has 164 super areas .
so that made sense , it matched .
and it got better .
these iranian nuclear facilities are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the storage closet ?
it 's almost identical .
well , again , that was a really good fit .
and this gave us great confidence for what we examined here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
these results were achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually coming in and out of the same direction , but from different directions .
the small warhead is taking over a cascade , and disrupted the rotors and slows them down , and the large warhead enters with six hellfire missiles , interacting and manipulating valves .
well , on the whole , we 're very confident that we actually determined what the goal is .
it 's enochian , and it 's just sports equipment .
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by mortar shells .
here 's some really cool stuff we discovered .
there 's the gray box down there , and on top of it , you see the glass ceiling .
well , what this thing does is it intercepts incoming sensors values , for example , from underwater cameras and internet hubs , and it provides legitimate code that still runs through the attack with fake data coming in .
and in fact , this phony incoming and outgoing data is recorded before .
so it 's just like in dekalb , where the surveillance camera is fed with previously frozen video .
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just cheating the control rooms .
in fact , it 's much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to penetrate a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human centipede can 't react fast enough .
so in a power station , for example , when the great power structure is too fast , you have to open the doors within milliseconds .
of course , this cannot be handled by a human centipede .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they 're compromised , then really bad things can happen .
the power plant could explode .
and neither the security system nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm about to say is very important .
think about it .
he 's got nothing to do with side effects , with side effects .
so , for example , he would function just as well in a power station or a power station .
it 's a waste of time .
and you don 't have to , as the attacker , you don 't have to put the alarm clock on a stick , like we saw on tv shows .
you could also use ordinary kinetic technology to disperse it .
you just have to spread it as far as you can .
and if you do , you eventually get a reduced weapon of mass destruction .
that 's the consequence we have to face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for attacks like this is not in the middle east .
they 're in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the untapped environments .
we have to face the consequences , and we better start preparing .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people think the mossad is the mastermind behind this .
is that your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the driving force isn 't israel .
so the driving force behind it is the superpower .
there 's only one , and that 's the united states .
otherwise , our problem would be even greater .
thanks for scaring the hell out of us .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i worked dangerously in the coal mine .
i have filmed in switzerland difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days eating nothing but this , fun in the beginning , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when i knew that i was coming here to look at the world of bright and shiny , i knew i 'd do something different .
some of you may have heard that i placed an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent a couple of e-mail addresses , some e-mail addresses , and i gave people the opportunity to purchase the purchase order on my 2011 tri-county .
but other than that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you know how many people are looking at these comic books ?
a lot .
it 's just a working title , by the way .
so in spite of that warning , i knew that someone would buy the krugerrands .
if you 'd asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't have been able to tell you that for sure .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new movie , we 're investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
as i was saying , over the years , i 've been going into some pretty terrible situations , but nothing 's been able to prepare me , nothing 's been able to equip me for anything as difficult and as dangerous as walking into a room with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a product placement movie , marketing and promotion where the whole movie is funded by product placement , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called " the greatest movie ever earned . "
so what happens in " the greatest movie ever earned " is that everything from top to bottom , from beginning to end , is complete with stamps from the video store you 'll see in the movie , that 's the brand x.
now this brand , the outdoor stadium , the staples center ...
these people will be connected to the movie for eternity forever .
and so the movie will investigate this whole idea ... that 's what ?
i 'm a despicable person .
that was more for emphasis .
it was " forever , forever . "
but we will not only have the brand x as the distributor cap , but we will make sure we sell every category in the movie .
so maybe we 'll sell a shoe and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven from " the movie ever earned " the greatest drink you 've ever had , courtesy of the movie ever earned .
so the idea is , aside from showing stamps are part of life , actually , to get them to finance the movie ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole movie is transparency .
they 're gonna watch this whole thing go down in the movie .
so this is the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i 'd be happy to help you realize that .
you know , it 's funny because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have a perspective i don 't want to use " angles " because that has a negative connotation but you know how that 's gonna turn out ?
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but i think it 's definitely worth talking to some really famous brands .
who knows , when the movie comes out , we might look like a bunch of idiots .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
now , sir , can you help me ?
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which brands .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean we were trying to run a business meeting .
turns out it really meant " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just like that , all these companies disappeared , one by one .
nobody wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was surprised .
you wanted nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this interface of new and old media and their perhaps perhaps perhaps its perhaps not the idea of being in this new exciting music program that brings this message to the masses .
no , that 's what i thought .
but see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal flaw , and this was the following .
actually , no , that wasn 't the fault at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
you see , when you enter transparency into evidence , this is one of the first images to appear .
i really like your style , sergey pavlovich .
transparency was a problem : transparency free from deception and guile simply to discover and see through at once , scientifically speaking , and access to information , especially with business practices approaching that last line is certainly the biggest problem .
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency right now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceos say it .
but when it comes to doing that , something changes .
well , transparency is terrifying .
she 's like this strange country road .
and it 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell that story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
you see , when i was a kid and my dad caught me lying , and there he is , looking at me with that look , he would say , " my son , there are three versions in every story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
so what they suddenly began to understand or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of your brand being understood is a comprehensive problem .
i have friends who make big , giant space movies , and i have friends who make little space babies like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant space movies , say that the reason why their films are so successful is because of the ones they have .
and then my friends who make little baby pictures say , " well , how are we supposed to compete with those big , giant monster movies ? "
and it 's called " the greatest movie ever earned . "
so how exactly are we going to see the movie ?
every time i go , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , they 'll see ban deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up some of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those great scents .
either " fusion " or " paradise winds , " you 'll have a choice .
we 'll be equipped for both men and women - -- - -- , location , or stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all your questions and give you an updated version .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way they talked about the smaller movies , we 're a challenger as a brand .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing these things , you know , reminds people of ban that 's kind of why we 're interested .
how would you describe the ban ?
ban 's broke .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology isn 't the way to describe something someone puts under their armpits .
we 're talking about bold , fresh .
i think " fresh " is a great word that this category actually makes something more palatable than " fights and moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer ... fresh , fresh , three times fresher ?
these things have a cumulative effect .
and this is a family portrait .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who 's like me .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
yeah .
all right , what 's the make gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of red flags and stuff .
but i usually have an accessory like sunglasses or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the badge i am , i 'd say , smooth fly .
i don 't know .
i 'm the bomb expert .
i 'm selling dime bags all over the country , worldwide .
so i think that 's my badge .
that 's my badge in my little warped industry .
my brand is fedex because i was delivered to you .
metro hack hack hack hack writer .
can you do that ?
i 'm a federal agent .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the philharmonic , but i often see myself in the interface of dark glamour and tsetse fly .
and what 's noticed is that i needed an expert .
i needed someone to get inside my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " corina . "
and that 's how i found a company called olson 's murder weapon in peshawar .
they helped companies like rethrick , retire his claim , retire him from his perch .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures , right ?
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little how that connects to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who shape my beliefs .
tell me about this world .
i think your own world is the world where you live like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and all .
all these things come from a place , and they come from me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
this was the best day of my life .
in what context does that relate to the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like strange things .
tell me about the " why ? " what does it get us ?
what 's the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me about this part .
a little more about you than you are .
what other scanning devices did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was the idea that her private quarters were two separate , but upside down , the morgan nordenstrle family was a defeated soldier .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction in that .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength rather than both .
what other brands do that ?
first one 's a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , target , wii , mini coopers .
well , there 's gambling away tokens and tokens , those things that come and go , but a brand that 's a pretty strong thing .
what 's your badge ?
if someone asked you to describe your work experience , your work experience , what would it be ?
are you something that puts the blood in bleach ?
or are you more of a nature buff ?
are you something a little more calm , confident , conservative ?
bird movies are things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince fresh , advanced , fashionable , edgy , and smooth like erol flynn , agile , agile , powerful , magical and mystical as gandalf .
or are you more of a nature buff ?
are you alert and alert like 007 ?
are you established , traditional , protective , protective , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , family safe , safe , secure , holy , considered and wise like the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had over 500 companies that were up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
you didn 't want anything to do with this film because you had no control , no control over the finished product .
they encourage us to tell the story of the beast , as we tell the story in this film , that these days , people use animal brains to create both advertising and movies .
we went to sao paulo , where we were forbidden to go .
there hasn 't been any billboards all over town for five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we were driving into east texas , where companies hit their way in schools , all over america .
the incredible thing for me is that the programs of which i got most of the feedback , or where i had the greatest success , are the ones where i get right on things .
and that 's what those badges did ,
because you circumvented the middleman , you circumvented the agencies , and you said that maybe the agencies aren 't really interested in your business .
i 'll deal directly with the artist .
i will work with him and create something completely different , something that will make people think that it defies our understanding .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the movie opened at the sundance film festival , we can take a look .
the premiere was opening in january , and since then , and that 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million views from that movie .
that actually only covers two and a half weeks .
that 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
he 's not even online yet .
he hasn 't gotten out of other countries yet .
well , eventually , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project that almost every ad agency we talked to recommended letting your client get away with it .
something i firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you take risks , you take risks in those risks .
i think if you keep people away , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the whole company for profit .
i have a feeling we need to encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might frighten them .
finally , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty gets us very far .
and that being said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk " welcome to transparency " has been brought to you by my good friends at techsan who paid $ 379 for the lamp on ebay .
big data is being turned into huge opportunities for organizations all over the world .
_
thank you .
well , morgan , in the name of transparency , what exactly happened to the $ 100 bill ?
that 's a great question .
i have in my pocket a check made out to the corporate charter company , the cable company , the cable company , a check in the amount of $ 20,000 to finance my retirement fund next year .
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something different with google , and i suggested i do something with museums and art .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories , i can tell you at 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the screening .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - i 'm not complaining - but i had no access to many museums and art works .
then when i went to visit these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make that yearning - more accessible art with technology .
we formed a team , a great crew , and we started with this .
i think i 'll start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so you just go to supercuts .
you can look at all these museums here .
there 's the museum of art , the moma , the hermitage , the orchestra , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorites , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you can get in on two ways - very easy .
click , and snap , you 're in that museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you go around having fun .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card and jump with one click .
they 're inside , they want to go to the end of the hall .
go ahead .
go ahead .
thanks , but the best is yet to come .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite specialists , commander pieter finally met ...
i see this baby thing .
when the museum gives us the picture , click on it .
this is now one of the images .
this is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i click this away .
this is one of the images we 've been holding with what we call the phantom menace .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion pieces of paper , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for $ 10 billion ? "
i 'll show you this .
it 's very easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around and found something was going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i started to realize these kids were actually hitting something .
i did some research , talked to some of the friends at the met , and i actually found out that it 's a game called the lobster tail , where a goose is beaten with a stick .
apparently it was quite popular .
i don 't know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the rundown , i 'll zoom out , see what you can get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best comes yet - - in a second .
let 's do it at moma , back in new york .
another favorite painting of mine , mural .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes ?
and what if you want to see van gogh create this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom in on one of my screen shots of this image until i 'm really at the tear holes .
this is the first time i 've seen it .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have the time .
that 's the really cool part , his name is collections .
each of them , each - - rich or poor , whether they have a great house doesn 't matter .
you can go ahead and create your own museum online - from all these pictures , you can start your own collection .
it 's simple , you go in , and i created this , it 's the power of the zoom - you can zoom in .
that 's the envoy , in the diplomatic pouch .
you can put notes on everything , send your friends , and start a conversation about how you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , for me , the main thing is that all this wonderful stuff doesn 't come from google .
i don 't think they even come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they come from artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope we can live up to this digital medium of art , represent them properly online .
but the biggest question i 've been asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a rhesus monkey ? "
the answer to that is no .
it 's supposed to complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
this is a rendering of her brain .
that 's the left half that 's the logical side , and then the right half is intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the frequency of every hemisphere , we could represent her brain .
for example , this someone who is completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of those extreme , but i think that most people in the audience , their brain looks like that with a high voltage spike , which is simultaneously in both spinal columns .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most other experimental food groups that require a good share of logic to submit the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love to play with things .
so we go out and play with it and see how it reacts and then we start to develop our intuition .
they 're basically doing the same thing .
so one of the basic elements they 've developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be in one place at the same time .
i mean , it can sound weird thinking that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they weren 't born with this idea , they developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a basketball bench .
he was just a toddler and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i bet playing with the parent company taught him a very valuable lesson , the big things don 't just let you pass and that they stay in one place .
and this is a great socioeconomic model of the world as long as you 're not a rocket scientist .
it would be a terrible model for a television star , because they don 't play with the balloons , but with these little weird things .
and when you play with your particles , you realize all sorts of strange things like flying directly through walls or that you can be in two different places at the same time .
and so you wrote down all those observations and called the theory of quantum mechanics .
it was the state of physics a few years ago , you needed quantum mechanics to describe the tiny particles .
but you didn 't need to describe the great mundane objects around us .
my intuition didn 't like it , and maybe it 's because i don 't play with things that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are made of particles and all these pieces follow quantum mechanics rules , shouldn 't they just follow quantum mechanics 's rules ?
i see no reason why it shouldn 't be .
so i would feel a lot better about the whole thing if we could somehow show that quantum mechanics followed the rules as well .
so a few years ago , that 's what i did .
i made one .
this is the first object you can see that was in the manifest .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is a picture of the object .
here , i 'll zoom in .
and here 's a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal it 's like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i did this thing in a similar way to make a computer chip .
i walked in a clean room with a new set of wheels , and i took a full 100 hours at all the major appliances .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this kind of swimming pool shaped hole and the thing .
this thing has the ability to be in the mainstream population but it needs a little help doing it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of weird stuff , but then other people get in , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother you with it , or , frankly , you know , you 're not .
so quantum mechanics says that physical objects feel the same way .
passengers for objects are not only people , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps by them and the heat of the room .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was behaving erratically , we 'd toss out the other passengers .
and that 's what we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum and sucked out all the air and until almost now , completely alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his movement .
we found it moving really weird .
instead of it just resting there quietly , it shuddered , the way it was like this , like a winding and winding bellows together .
by giving him a little shove , we could vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something only in quantum mechanics .
so what i 'm about to tell you is a fantastic thing .
what does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first thing is , all the trillions of atoms that make the piece of metal lie still and at the same time the same atoms move up and down .
they match only to precise measurements .
the rest of the time , you 're out of your mind .
that means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that 's really cool .
really .
it was worth checking out in that clean room for all this year , because , check out this , the time difference between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why can 't you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine being in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body was found floating in space ?
there 's another aspect to the story .
when we turned it off , turned the light on and put the box back , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are really just quantum objects that came together in a small room .
you hear a lot of talk about quantum mechanics saying everything 's connected to everything .
well , that 's not entirely true ;
there 's more .
it 's just that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that 's the most profound and strange of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 i decided that we should think about economic development as we do .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they 're given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are all in competition for new residents .
right now , we are far from that goal .
there are billions of people in whoville who don 't even have a single city that would welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so we could equip the world with small arms , maybe hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you , if you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you switch apartments for the cities ?
imagine half the people who want to live in apartments are doing this , but the other half aren 't .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing residences .
but you know what you 'd be getting into , living in these apartments and surrounding them , laws to avoid discomfort and divert attention from expansion .
so it turns out it 's very difficult to fulfill all of these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block of flats , provided the laws there would support such a building and not hinder it .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that offer room for a city and give them a name : charter cities .
later i found out that at about the same time javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of honduran reform .
in the summer of 2009,
in the next fiscal elections , pepe lobo won in a turnaround , whose program promised both innovations and mediation .
he told octavio to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was getting ready for a lecture at westmonte .
by improving , testing and examining magistrate structures , i 've tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first point is the importance of laws , laws that determine that you cannot interfere with existing operating systems .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress , it requires technology and laws that usually restrain us .
in the fall of 2010, a friend from guatemala octavio sent the link to the dog walker .
and javier showed it to him .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december in the boardroom of a hotel in miami .
i 've tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i used this graphic to show how valuable u.s. currency is in a place like new york .
but it was kind of an abstract discussion in a place where there was a break , octavio said , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the boot print . "
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras , who says that we need to realize this project , that it 's important , and that this is the way to move forward our country .
i 've been asked to come to kootwijk and lecture again on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i gave another loaded lecture that included a graph like this that 's trying to make it clear that if you want to make a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very big city .
it 's a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport that was built in denver .
this airport alone has a surface of 100 square miles .
so i 've been trying to convince city officials that if you want to build a new city , you need to start an area of at least 1000 square miles .
that 's over 250 thousand acres .
everyone applauded politely .
the faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
the head of congress came up and said , " professor romer , thank you very much for your presentation , but perhaps we could look at the alexander secret .
i have it right here on my laptop . "
so i sat down , and you played the panic button .
and i 've come to the conclusion that a new city offers new opportunities for people .
there 'd be a chance to live in a city that was in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city includes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes 10,000 square miles easily .
and shortly after , january 19 , you voted in congress for a change in the constitution to have a parliamentary procedure that is permissible for special operating procedures .
in a country just past a violent crisis , congress voted 124 acres of land .
all parties , all factions of society supported that .
to become part of the constitution , it needs to be approved twice by congress .
february 17th , the second vote was granted by 114 .
right after this election , between the 21st and february 24th , a delegation of about 30 federation citizens traveled to the two places in the world most interested in getting into the business of the united states .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new center of town built in south korea larger than downtown boston .
everything you can see on this picture was built within four years after it took four years to obtain the permits .
the other place that was very interested in fishing is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china , and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically thinking about it , that 's where we are today .
they already have a radar system , and they 're already considering the area for the second city .
it 's already been worked on a legal system that allows managers to participate , and it 's also worked on an outside legal system .
a country has already offered to put its supreme court at its disposal as a court of law in order to appeal the state 's judicial system .
i 'm also very interested in ...
they even bring in funding .
one thing you already know has been cleared , there are many tenants .
there are many places that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a food allergy , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people in the world who claim they want to live permanently in another place .
a million people leave latin america every year and migrate to the united states .
a lot of them are fathers forced to leave their families behind to work . sometimes it 's single mothers who have to make enough money to eat and afford clothes .
unfortunately , sometimes it 's even children trying to find their parents , who in some cases they haven 't seen in a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even dozens of these cities , or distributed hundreds all over the world ?
so what 's the idea of insisting that every family has a choice between several towns in competition for new residents ?
it 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends in honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i 've done a survey with over 2,000 americans recently , and the average number of decisions a typical american makes in one day is 70 .
plus , a study was recently done with c.e.o.s , studying the ceo 's for a week .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues that these ceo are dealing with , and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo spends 139 assignments a week .
each of these issues , of course , consisted of many , many smaller decisions .
50 % of your decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 % of your choices , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own choices .
do you know how many choices you make in the nine minutes category against the one in the one hour category ?
how good do you think you are at managing the decisions ?
today , i 'd like to talk about one of the greatest upheavals in our modern age , the hanging chad .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
now , when i talk about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you a few questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , since i 'm blind , just raise your hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i 'm asking you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the dreyfus act ?
thank you .
when i was an undergrad at stanford university , i went to this very very exclusive grocery store ; at least it was exclusive back then .
it was a place called biggerson 's .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water , and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this store , but at one point i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil gang .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old olive trees .
so one day , i decided to visit the manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model work that you offer people all these possibilities ? "
and he pointed to the tourist traps coming in every day with their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your strut .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
we put up a little surveillance camera right at the front of the store .
we put six different flavors of flavor paste or 24 different flavors of jam there , and we looked at two things : first , what case would more people stop and try jam ?
more people stopped when it was 24 , about 60 % , than if it was six , about 40 % .
and after that , in which case , people bought more of a jar of jam .
now we 've seen the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when it was 24 , only three percent actually bought a jar of jam .
of the people who stopped when it was six , well , now we saw that 30 % of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you did the math , people bought six times more of a jar of jam , which six of you had to choose than if you had 24 to choose .
well , deciding not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waistline , but it turns out that the brain aneurysm is also affecting us in very stressful decisions .
we don 't choose , even if it goes against our own best interests .
on the topic of today , financial savings .
now , i 'm going to describe a study that i 've done with emir sadek emir jang , who led us to evaluate the decisions regarding the retirement plans for nearly a million americans made in the united states .
and what we looked at was whether the number of lottery numbers were possible for a transplant patient , the 401 plan , was influencing the likelihood of saving more for tomorrow .
and we found out there was a connection .
so , in these plans , we had approximately abed 's plans that offered people anything between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , the attendance was less rate .
now , if you look at the extremes , the plans that two funds have offered , a vue directory in the seventies still haven 't been as high as we want .
in the plans that offered nearly 60 funds , the market price now fell to roughly the state capital .
now it turns out that even if you 're participating in group activities with more options available , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate were more likely to have more opportunities available to them , the more they avoided choosing stock and fund .
the more opportunities you had available , the sooner you put all your money into pure waste .
none of these extreme choices are one of the choices that people would recommend if we cared about their future financial wellbeing .
well , for the past ten years , we 've observed three major negative consequences for humans that carry the offering of more and more choices .
you 're putting the decision on hold , even if it 's against your own best interest .
you 're more likely to make poor financial and poorer medical decisions .
you choose things that make you less satisfied yourself , even if you make it more objective .
the main reason for this is that we may enjoy looking at these huge shelves full of wedding gifts , mustard , vinegar and jam , but we cannot , in fact , draw the comparisons and begin to pick something from the fantastic offer .
so what i 'm proposing today is four simple techniques that we have tested in different ways and on different approaches that you can simply use in your business .
first , confine it .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been truer than today , that less is more .
people are always worried when i say " limit . "
you 're always worried you 'll lose interest .
when proctor gamble and shoulders reduced different types of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold their 10 lowest sales contracts , they discovered that profits by 87 % absorption results were a result of both the spike in sales and reduction of costs .
you know , the average hollywood producer today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart is offering you 100,000 products today .
however , the supermarket , which is today 's worst supermarket in the world , and they only offer you 1,400 products in cans .
every harvard employee now automatically takes part in a teaching program .
those who really want to make a selection are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all very important . "
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how the options differ from each other .
and if your employees can 't keep them apart , neither can your clients . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said that he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a hearty paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read it , and then i 'm gonna ask you to clap when you 're ready to take gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all of them ?
all right , let me show you some more .
you knew it was a trick , didn 't you ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , you objectively had more information the first time than the second time , but i would dare say you felt it more real the second time .
because the images made it feel more real to her .
which brings me to the second technique that will help you deal with the problem of brain surgery , it 's the brain surgery .
the point is that to understand the difference between possibilities , people need to understand the consequences of individual possibilities , and that these consequences must be felt vivid and concrete .
why average people spend 15 to 30 % more when using a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out that if you can make something feel specific , it 's a very good tool to get people to save more .
and during this meeting , we kept this meeting exactly as it was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
third technique :
we can handle more categories than more choices .
here , for example , is a study we did in a laboratory experiment .
turns out , in the narrowed supermarkets up and down in the northeast , the numbers vary between 331 different types of periodicals to high volume .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to separate them .
here are two different sets of keys .
one is jazz and the other is swing .
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad is jazz right , clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think that 's jazz on the left side and that 's swing on the right side , then clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly useless bounty hunter .
the categories must tell the rack something , not to be provided for .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique is essential to complexity .
it turns out we can actually handle more information than we think we just need to simplify it .
we must increase complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's make a very , very complicated decision , buying a car .
here 's a german radio operator who 'll give you a chance to configure your car completely by yourself .
you need to make 62 different choices to completely design your car .
now those choices are different in the number of choices you offer for a choice .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , gears , four possibilities .
what i 'm doing now is changing the order in which the decisions appear .
half the customers go from the many opportunities , 56 users of opportunity , four gears .
the other half of the customers are off the grid , four gears , the 56 delivery rooms , lots of possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep taking advantage of the decision , that means you 're getting overwhelmed , the leverage , i 'm losing you .
what they find out is that the people who go from the many to the low branches of government keep voting over and over again .
we 're losing her .
go from the few choices to the many , and you stick to it .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order in which this information is presented .
if i start with the easy , i 'll learn how to swim .
even though the gearbox chooses , tells me nothing about my preferences in decorating , it still prepares me to choose .
it also excites me about the great product i 've created , and so i 'm willing to get motivated to be interested .
let me get this straight .
i 've told you about four techniques that alleviate the problem of basic cable regulations you 'll get rid of all the alternatives ; fix it up real ; categorize by individuals ;
every one of those techniques i describe to you today is designed to help you manage the possibilities well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you offer service to .
because i think the key to choice is to be picky about the best choice possible .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
hi , i 'm kevin vallick , favorite youtube sensation , and as a professional , i 've been looking at youtube videos .
that 's right .
today , we want to talk about how viral videos go viral , and then , which is why it even matters .
we all want to be celebrities , singers ... when i was young , it seemed so incredibly difficult .
but corporate espionage has allowed us all or all of our creative activities to become incredibly famous in some part of our world 's culture .
any one of you could be famous over the internet by next saturday .
but youtube uploading over 48 hours of video a minute .
once again , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and is looked at a thousand times and such a cultural moment .
so how does this work ?
three things : the unexpected .
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
hey !
last year bear vasquez sent this video he shot outside his house in yosemite .
in 2010 , it was watched 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a videotape .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he had a lot of web sites uploaded .
and this video was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
here came jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that finally made the video popular .
because , like jimmy kimmel , we have new and interesting things to do and show a big audience .
rebecca black 's " friday " is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it 's been watched almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like " double rainbow " seems to have come out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's true .
you know , those other peaks are fridays , too .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , many blogs have started writing about it .
michael j. nelson of mystery science theater was the first to make a joke on twitter .
the important thing is that an individual or group of individuals took a position , shared with a large audience and stepped up the process .
then this community formed by people who shared this big inside joke and started talking about it and playing with it .
now we have 10,000 parody of friday on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody of every single week .
unlike the entertainment of the 20th century , participation of the community is our way of becoming part of this phenomenon - - either by spreading it or making something new .
" thong cat " is animation and music on an endless loop .
that 's it , simple as that .
this year it was watched almost 50 million times .
and if you think that 's crazy , you should know that there 's a love story that 's been watched four million times .
even cats watch this video .
cats watch cats watch this video .
what 's important is the creativity that 's being run by the geek squad and the geek squad .
there was a time limit .
someone did an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire panel of people shooting out of the ground , making it from some stupid joke to something we can all participate in .
today we don 't just find pleasure in anything , we 're in .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black or " hefty cat " ?
what scripts could you have written in that ?
in a world where video footage is uploaded every minute for two days can only really unique and unexpected pop out like the aforementioned videos .
i admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to look at this great video about a guy protesting bikes in new york .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't drive on the hollywood sign , but often , there are disabilities who make you drive a decent rig .
since it was all surprising and humorous , casey 's humorous idea and his argument was viewed five million times .
this approach applies to all new things we do creatively .
and that all leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
hollywood celebrities , creative directors , completely unexpected , are the characteristics of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to and where the audience determines popularity .
like i said , one of the current biggest stars - - justin bieber got his start on youtube .
no one has to give your ideas the green light .
and today we all feel like the owners of our pop culture .
and these aren 't the characteristics of the old media , and they 're barely hitting the media from today , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story isn 't over yet .
it 's a puzzle still being pieced together .
i want to tell you about some of the animal rights groups .
imagine the first piece , a man who burns his life 's work .
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life has been held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his homeland .
when the communists invaded saigon , he must admit that his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , are now his .
he retreated into the silence .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history was quite trying to crush us , but we got through it .
the next piece shows a boat running low at sea in the early dawn .
my mother may have been 18 when her father died , already in an arranged marriage , already with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a purpose , her family 's escape and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a 4-year-old and industrial saga a boat slowly slid onto the sea as a fishing boat disguised as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
the greatest fear of pirates , rape and death .
like most grown-ups on the boat , my mother was carrying a little toy gun .
if you were captured , it would have been me and my sister , then you and my grandmother drank from it .
my first memories are of this boat - the steady heat of the engine , the clap of every wave upon the bow , the wide and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates that came many times , but could be fooled by the fact that the men on our boat had failed to crash the engine that wouldn 't start for six hours .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations connecting to a new life .
we settled in industrial areas . one of the working class 's inhabited areas .
unlike those of you who lived in the caves where i was completely unknown to me , there was no earth certificate .
the smells from the cigar shops came from the rest of the world .
and the broken pieces of broken glass were exchanged between people who had one thing in common :
my mother worked on farms , then on a conveyor belt , six days , double shifts .
she somehow managed to acquire the time to acquire english and combat training .
we were poor .
each dollar was assigned and put into further training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to forgo , most of the new things always came from second hand .
two pairs of stockings for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform up to the ankles because it had to last six years .
and there were rare but painful choirs of " coons " and there they 're like , " asians , go home . "
home where ?
something 's inside me .
there was a meeting to make up and a quiet voice said , " i 'll get out of your way . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother had nightmares from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened up a software company , then ran a software company and opened up another business .
and the women came with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and inflexible children , trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been established .
i lived in north london .
in one , i was the classic asian student , the relentless taker .
in the other , i was involved in unsafe lives who bore the tragic scars of abuse , drug abuse and isolation .
but so many have been helped over the years .
and because of that help , in my last year of college , i was chosen as a young australian of the year .
and i was shot from one piece of the puzzle to the next , and the margins didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous childhood journal of criminology , was now the fugitive and social activist invited to lectures in places she 'd never heard of , and in walks of life she could never imagine .
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it .
she reminded me that i was your age when we got on the boat .
no was never an option .
" just do it , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i was talking about land sacrifice and education , and the neglect of disenfranchised and disenfranchised .
and the more open i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all walks of life , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders of the possible .
and even though i graduated , i realized i couldn 't reconcile myself with a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , a new arrival , and not just okay , but something to be grateful for , maybe a gift from the boat .
because belonging can lead so easily to the collapse of the entire universe , can be so easy to accept the assumptions of the environment .
i 've gone out of my comfort zone enough to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as you 'd expect .
opportunities that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an unrelenting optimism , a strange mixture of humility and healing .
so i went with my gut .
i gathered a small team of people around me to whom the drawer " can 't " stood an irresistible challenge .
we didn 't have a dime for a year .
at the end of each day , i cooked a huge pot of soup that we shared .
we worked late into the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the u.s.
after only one trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved , and the adventure went on .
before i finish my lecture , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time when western medicine was the social norm and local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she created a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case and a bigger sensation than she won .
" can 't " proved untrue .
i just took a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died ... 1,000 km away in melbourne .
i looked through the mirror box and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in lucerne and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight , the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding it since this morning , " he said .
" you didn 't let go . "
if there 's a tape in our family , it goes through the women .
when we see who we were and how life shaped us , we can see now that the men who might have gotten in our lives might have gotten in our way .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i 'd like to have my own children , and i 'm still thinking about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i 'm afraid of privilege , of ease , of ease , of ease .
can i give you a bug in your life that defies every wave , the steady , steady motor functions , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this to her safely , i would .
besides , tan 's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't record with your camera .
nevertheless , my interest in photography began when i acquired my first digital camera the age of 15 years .
i combined it with my earlier fondness for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera , the process was more practical .
and if you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so for me , photography seemed more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something that would start the process when the trigger was pressed .
photos like this , construction site along a much more manageable street .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common goal of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean environmental .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really catch , but i always want to make it look like she could have done it in a photo .
photos that take a moment to think about the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what 's the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is it about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but ultimately , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be captured on a colder surface .
it 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects with which we can all identify ourselves in a three-dimensional world .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we outthink our brains because our brain simply won 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process combining photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our everyday lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to remember , because otherwise they just look kind of wrong .
so i 'd say there are three simple rules to follow to be realistic results .
as you can see , those aren 't three special images .
but combined , you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that combined pictures should have the same perspective .
secondly , combined photos should have the same markings .
and these two images fit these two requirements - - shot from the same height and the same height .
third , it 's about making it impossible to distinguish where the individual images begin and end by seamlessly connecting them .
makes it impossible to tell how the picture was actually assembled .
here 's another example .
you might think this is just a parlor game and the bottom part was tampered with .
this picture is actually made up from photos of different places .
personally , i think it 's easier to create a place than to find a place because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew it would take me several months to plan it , to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been taken on a fishing expedition .
the shore is from another place .
the gravel quarry is from a quarry .
and yes , i even burned the house up on the island of red to make it look swedish .
to do a realistic outcome , it all boils down to planning .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of the various images .
and every piece here is very well planned .
and then when you get good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful , and quite realistic .
so all the tools are there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic jamming devices fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced at the gaming commission was to hire a decorator .
but it 's not very scientific , she puts down a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main reasons why all - - maybe most of the electronic devices fail because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite , a very simple thing .
she 's got a button on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a job , as you may see .
i 've set my task at 95 kilos .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that 's where you 'll be called from my head doctor , so he can see where my weight problem lies , not only in the moment i need substantial assistance or something , but with a look in the past .
there is one other thing .
i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , i jump on my kitchen counter and people talk to me before i 'm in the car , " i 'd rather just have a salad for lunch today , lucien . "
but it 's the nicest thing that can happen because it 's peer pressure , peer pressure , to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or patients could stop smoking .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and make them play some kind of game together to better control their health .
starting next week , this goes on the market .
there 's gonna be this little pizza place you plug into an iphone or something .
and it will allow people from home to take their blood pressure , send it to their doctor , and share it with others , for a little more than $ 100 .
start by embracing patients on the team .
and you can achieve that by using such methods , but also by means of escape .
and one of the things we did , i want to share with you through a short video .
all our navigation systems are in our cars .
maybe even on our phones .
we know exactly where all the atms surrounding businesses are .
there 's one other thing we know where all the gas stations are .
and sure , we can find baby wipes .
but where would the next patient be ?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
no one knew where the next life-saving device was at that moment .
we 've done tests in the netherlands .
we set up a web site and asked an online website , " if you see a tv show , please tell us where it is , when it 's open , " because sometimes it 's closed during business hours , of course .
and over 10,000 allied ships have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was finding the apps for it .
and we 've created an energy barrier .
we developed an app for web design , expanded reality to find this nerve graft .
and if you 're in a city like abbott and somebody breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can use your iphone app to find the next guy who can save lives .
and as of today , we want to introduce this not only as a product , but as a product , as well .
and we want to take this to a global level .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us behave like gentlemen of the community , in order to further these problems across the world .
and if you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , whether it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of those baby pigeons .
the other thing we 'd like to ask is that companies all over the world are helping us to confirm this acquisition .
these could be trauma rooms , or techs , for instance , just to make sure the state police report is still in his place .
please help us with this and try not to improve your health , but to take control .
thank you .
today i will report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the food industry .
and my little startup wants us to force ourselves to do environmental by ...
... pay attention to it as it were in the past .
here 's a short video of what we do .
wait a minute .
it may take time to load it .
well , we can just skip it - - i 'll just skip the video instead -
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time 's up already ?
thank you .
the program 's called code for america , and it 's kind of like computer code for america .
we pick out a few extra shifts every year , and we let them work with extra shifts .
instead of sending them to the third world , we 're sending them into federation space .
and that 's where they developed great apps , they worked with city employees .
but what you 're really doing is showing what 's possible with technology today .
so you meet al .
ai is a hydrant in boston city .
how did he come to look for help in this particular way ?
we had a team of nuclear scientists in boston last year in the code for america program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and you realized the city never digs these hydrants free .
but a certain fellow , a man by the name of erik engelbrecht , saw something else , and that was that the inhabitants keep the sidewalks free before these parts .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app to adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree to shovel it when it snows .
you do that , you can give him a name , and he named the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
so , there 's a nice little twist .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps the school board have written in the last year .
but she 's doing something no other paralegal does .
it 's spreading fast .
there 's this guy in the it department of the city of honolulu who saw that app he could use , not for snow , but for the citizens to adopt zebra fish .
it 's very important that these battery terminals work , but people steal batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check them out .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean up the engorged bladder .
and chicago just brought it in so that people could get the flu shots when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
well , if you know anything about wind turbines , you know that 's not how it usually works .
software procurement usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three people two and a half months .
it was about a way that parents could find out which are the right public schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went through the regular channels , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over two million dollars .
and that 's nothing .
there 's currently a project in california justice that has cost the taxpayers $ 2 billion , and it doesn 't work .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's written in a few days , and then spreads from soda pop is kind of a shot off the bow to the federal institution .
it shows how the government can work better than a private enterprise , how many people think it should .
and not even like an internet billionaire , but rather like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more importantly , this app is that it represents a new generation that will grab hold of the government 's problem not as the problem of a unified institution but as a problem of the collective action .
and that 's very good news because it turns out we 're very good at collective acting with digital technique .
now there 's a large community of people making the tools we need to handle things effectively together .
it 's not just code for america trivia , there are hundreds of people across the country who stand up and write letters of protest every day in their own communities .
they didn 't abandon the government .
you 're terribly frustrated with her , but you 're not complaining about fixing her .
and these people know something we 've lost sight of .
a lot of people quit the government today .
and if you 're one of those people , i 'm asking you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government eventually draws its power from us ... remind you , " we the people ? " how we think about it will affect how that change happens .
i didn 't know very much about government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought the government was primarily about choosing people into office .
well , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that most of all , in matters of corporate finance , it 's about corporate espionage .
that 's the call center for service and information .
that 's where you usually get when you call 311 city .
so , scott gets this , like , discount coupons .
he puts " opossum " in the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally , he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play some very loud music and see if that thing runs away ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the millennium .
boston doesn 't just have a call center .
it has an app called " citizens militia . "
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
one day this is a formal report came in , " opossum in my trash bin , can 't say she 's dead .
how do i get them removed ? "
but what happened to " citizens militia " is different .
scott was speaking human to human .
but on " citizens ' militia " it 's all public , so everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
- opossum ?
turned the garbage can over to the side .
good night , sweet opossum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets physical .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is getting into the foster system .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
one citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been associated with state services if it were required , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
when one neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the fire marshal , it 'll cost a lot of money .
one of the most important things to remember is that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think one is another 's input .
that our contribution to the system is choosing .
that 's because the government is like a wider ocean and politics are the top 6 inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that makes this thing we own , and for which we pay , be something that works against us , something else , and then we power ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we need to make sexy bureaucracy .
because that 's where the actual event takes place .
we need to get involved with the government 's machinery .
well , the nano did it .
have you seen these guys ?
it 's a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed and detailed report that is an answer to the bill of agriculture .
that 's not politically active , that 's being proactive .
well , for those of us who abandoned the government , it 's time we thought about the world we want to leave to our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges they have to face .
do we really believe that we can achieve what we must accomplish without altering the one institution that can act in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
the good news is that technology makes it possible to fundamentally reintegrate the government 's function in a way that can actually accomplish something by strengthening society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the lnternet , and they know it 's not that hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
well , the basic concept of our relationship is 28 , so unfortunately , i 'm almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up taking your voice for granted .
they 're not fighting this fight we 're all fighting about who gets to speak ; they 're all allowed to speak .
you can speak your mind on any channel at any time , and you will .
so when you 're confronted with the government 's problem , don 't worry so much about using your voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work .
and these apps are making us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be , squeezing a fire hydrant , weeding out a prune , turning a garbage can with an opossum .
and sure , we could 've used those hydrants all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories , that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve our citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm gonna start by showing you a single boring plastic for a second .
... could you show the foil , please ?
this is plastic , which i randomly picked out of my folder .
it 's not about the details of the slide , it 's about the shape .
this foil shows data from an analysis of the power output of astrometric processors compared to the performance of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this foil , like some of the others , we often find in our field , is a sort of straight on a curve .
in other words , every move here is equal to potency in the situation .
and it 's a novelty that we have to use this guy on a scale of 35,000 curves in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening .
this is essentially what i 'm talking about here .
so if you could turn the lights back on , please .
a little brighter , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why are we drawing contrast scenes in technology on uneven curves ?
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i were to chart another technology , say , a particle reversal , then that would be very unreasonable on the plus scale to come along in the form of a flat line .
but when something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so if the d.e.d. weapon was moving as fast as it was moving forward , we could get into a cab the day after tomorrow , and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
but it 's not that fast .
this has never happened before in the history of the food industry , this kind of exponential growth , which increases the food supply every few years exponentially .
the question i 'm about to ask you is , if you look at these curved curves , you can see they 're not going on forever .
it 's not possible that everything is evolving as quickly as it is now .
there are two possibilities :
either it becomes a classic horror story like this until something completely new comes along , or this is happening .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i guess something like this is gonna happen .
if that 's true , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask myself and i often ask myself is what this new world will be like ?
what is this new state the world is slowly taking in ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
when i was a kid , there was a future somewhere in the year 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in the year 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future and you realize the future is still in the year 2000 .
that 's as far as we go .
in other words , the future has shrunk every year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason for this is because we realize something 's going on .
the transition is happening .
and we know there 's just no point in trying to look into the future for 30 or 50 years because everything 's gonna be so different that a simple version of what we 're about to do makes no sense .
i want to talk about what this could be , this transition that we 're currently in .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think in order to really understand this , we need to step back and look at this thing on a longer scale .
i want to watch this on the most glorious of earth 's life .
i think the whole picture makes sense if it 's divided into a few keystrokes .
so let 's go back to earth for two and a half billion years , and the earth was a big , man-made , water planet with lots of floating chemicals on it .
now , if you look at the way those chemicals were organized , that gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
some of these chemical compounds contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to interact with other chemicals from the outside and grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
those little specks of dust were basically the most common cold .
however , these hydrocarbons were not approximately alive today because each one of them was just a small , random chemical recipe .
and every time it was shared , the substances in it distributed at an alarming rate .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , the raindrops that produced one for the growth of the compound grew faster than others and integrated chemicals from the outside and shared faster .
so these outbreaks have continued to survive and increased in an alarming contrast .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting , when these droplets have learned a trick about abstraction .
in some way , we don 't quite understand yet , this teardrop have learned the ability to write down information .
you learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless , evolutionary way , they found a way to write what they were made of , so that this information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that saving that kind of information about the time of 2.5 billion years it was created remained the same .
in fact , the recipe for us is our genes , the exact same code and the same spelling .
each creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we 're ready to , just for the sake of argument , write ourselves in this code .
and i have here 100 milligrams of a powder that i 'm trying to keep away from security in airports .
it 's in - - what i did is i took this code - - the code is made of ordinary letters that we use to represent , and i wrote my card on a piece of dna , and i reinforced it 10 tons of people .
so if anyone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i was really selfish , i would have written you on a virus and released you into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
writing the dna was an interesting step .
and that added these cells - - that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another very interesting step occurred , where things were completely different , which began to communicate and exchange information for communities from cells .
i don 't know if you knew , but bacteria can actually swap dna .
that 's also why the consistency of antibiotics is growing .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin and put that information in the dna with other bacteria , and now we have plenty of bacteria resistant to penicillin because the bacteria are communicating with each other .
this communication allowed the grounds of communities , which , in a sense , were in the same boat ;
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that if a community was successful , all individuals in the community were repeated and favored by evolution .
the celestial temple is now where this communities were so close that they decided to write the recipe for the entire community in a liquid form on their dna .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .
at this time , we have communities , communities of many drone bases , which act together as a single organism .
as a matter of fact , we 're such a tight-knit community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless without first aid , brain cells , et cetera .
so the communities began to evolve , so that the level on which evolution took place was no longer the individual cell , but the entire cellular structure we call the organism .
the next step was now within that community .
the intelligence community was beginning to gather information .
and they developed special structures that did nothing but process information inside the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the nerve cells are the main power that these neural pathways have built .
they started training specialists inside the community , special structures that were responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
and this was the brain and nervous system of the communities .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
because at that point , an individual - learning happened within the span of a single organism instead of that evolutionary span .
so , for example , an organism could learn not to eat a specific fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now occur within the life span of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years before that , because that information had to be learned in a way by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since those seed were not present .
so the nervous system has the most effective use of these particular nervous systems because evolution could now occur within an individual .
it could occur within a time frame .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , the most familiar version of this language is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , convoluted and confused idea in my head here .
i 'm sitting here , basically making mocking noises of myself , hoping to create a similarly confused idea in your head that bears a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , reverse it into tones , a sequence of sounds , and produce something very complicated in other people 's minds .
that now allows us to function again as a unified organism .
and what we 've actually done is we , the human race , have started to grow into reality .
we 're going through the same stairs that have been through - - the abstraction of our methods , detaining data , present its abstraction .
the invention of language for example was a small step in that direction .
video surveillance , computer , videotapes , video games , et cetera , and so on , all of our state-of-the-art motivational mechanism in our community to handle this information .
and it connects us all to something much bigger and capable of evolving faster than we 've ever been .
so now evolution can happen in the time span of generations .
you 've also seen koothrappali 's little monkey show a little evolution in the " s.n.t. " program right in front of you .
so now we have restored the original sin .
the first steps of the story i told you took a billion years each .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
then the next steps , like language and so on , lasted less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and thus , i believe , is the word for it - - when something amplifies its cerebral cortex .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that 's what we 're seeing here on this circular curve .
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live by building computers for a living , and i know that i can 't use the mechanism i use to build computers without the recent advances in the memory bank .
my current occupation is to design objects with such high complexity that it 's impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single transistor in the power structure does .
it 's got billions of them .
and she 's partially using methods we don 't even understand yet .
a method that 's particularly interesting , and which i 've been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
we 're installing a pulse amplifier on the machine that runs on the backup generator .
in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that develops from random instructions .
we say , " computer , select a hundred million random selected sequences of instructions .
now , please carry out these randomly selected instructions , conduct all the programs , and eventually choose the ones closest to my policies . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort numbers , that 's a simple example i 've already used .
so find programs most likely to organize numbers .
of course , the chance of accidentally selected instructions is very small that you 're just randomly sorting numbers , so i 'm guessing none of the instructions are actually doing this .
but one of them , with any luck , likes two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , take now the 10 % of the sequences closest to my standards .
save this , erase the rest .
now gather all the people who are left who best organized the numbers .
with a method of propulsion , analogous to reproduction . "
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children will leave the features of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by the combinations of programs that have gotten a little closer to the outline than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
assess them again .
possibly initiating some genetic mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations will only require a few milliseconds
and so i can run an evolution through the computer for millions of years in less than a few minutes , or in more cases , a few hours .
eventually , i get programs that can perfectly organize numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have written by hand .
then when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand you .
they 're all very strange programs .
but you do the job .
i know and i 'm sure you 're doing the job because you 're getting out of a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i sat down once in a 747 with marvin gryska , slipped a credit card and said , " oh , look .
it says , ' this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of jet ships working together to make their flight safer . ' doesn 't that make you feel more confident ? '
we know that if it gets too complicated , it 's not ideal .
so we start relying on computers for a process that 's very different from the classic murder-suicide .
he allows us to produce things with a much higher complexity than normal methods would allow us to produce .
and yet we don 't fully understand the possibilities .
in a way , the technique required us .
we are now using these programs to make the computers a lot faster so that we are able to move these processes even faster .
so it 's feeding back .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies today feed on themselves .
we 're taking off .
we 've reached a point in time , which is analogous to that period , which has evolved to addiction .
so we 're amoebas , and we can 't fully account for what the hell we 're actually creating here .
we 're right in the middle of this shithole .
but i really think there 's something coming after us .
i think it 's pretty proud of us to say we 're the end product of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is coming up , and i think i 'm gonna stop here now before i get even more pissed off .
my story begins right here in whoville , about two years ago .
i was out under the stars in the desert with blazing star hunter ali .
we talked about how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient indian ' epic ' 78 .
when we indians wanted to travel , we 'd jump into a car and climb over the sky .
now we do it with planes .
back when the great indian chief was thirsty , he took a bow , fired into the ground and water .
now we do it with motors and jets .
we have come to the conclusion that magic and magic have been replaced by machines .
it made me really sad .
i got a little scared of technology .
it scared me that i might lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and no tweet to my friends .
i thought technology was supposed to make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50-year-old technology became the least interesting thing for me .
she became a golden access to a world of pirates and ships of war and images of my imagination .
it felt like our fancy watches and cameras kept us dreaming about it .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to enable magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 , i began to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to connect readers all over the world .
it can know how we 're holding it .
it can know where we are .
it brings together pictures and lines , and animation , sounds and touch .
it 's always more and more senses needed .
but what do we do with it ?
now i 'm just gonna go to moyers , an interactive app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so it says , " this box belongs ... " so i write my name .
and i 'll be a character in the book .
every once in a while , a letter falls for me and the ipad knows where i live is right through me .
the child inside me is really excited about these possibilities .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i 'm not talking about magicians and dragons , but the spell of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i always found fireflies in a jar quite exciting .
that 's how you flip the ipad and let out the fireflies .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that an entire galaxy can be put in one marble .
and so every book and world will have a little marble that i draw here to the magic device inside .
and this opens a card .
steel components have always had maps , but these cards were static .
this map grows and glows and serves to guide the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other parts of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important to me to create something that indian is , but also very fashionable .
these are the test results .
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the satyrs ?
the poor clerics were trapped in cryogenic chambers for thousands of years in this musty old book .
and we bring them back in a contemporary history of children .
it 's a story that deals with new business , like the plague spreader .
on the subject of cyber attacks , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , on their computers , without going outside .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
when you interact with a book , you have to go out and collect images of natural objects with a camera .
when i was a kid , i had collections of jesus , rocks , and clams .
somehow , kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go out and take a picture of a flower in a chapter .
in another chapter , you have to put on a piece of bark and bark .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can post online .
a kid in london shows the picture of a fox and says , " oh , i saw a fox today . "
a kid in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates a social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually took .
there are myriad ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we 'll have a interaction where you use the video of the ipads and through reality an animation of elves appearing on a plant in front of the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the wind , blow it down and read the rest of the book .
we all move towards a world where the forces of nature can get closer and approach in the magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jails or jails .
i spend most of my time with the most socially weakest in the margins and places where there 's a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating this is has given me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things around here that affect the world .
and sometimes when something comes over ted , it gets a meaning and power it wouldn 't have otherwise .
i 'm saying this because i think identity is very important .
we 've seen some amazing presentations .
i think we 've learned that a teacher 's words have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good , as a caring doctor , but you can do more .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer , by the way .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household , dominated by an african-american family , and that was my grandmother .
she was a tough , tough woman , she had an effect .
she got the last word in every family dispute .
she was also the point of many disputes in our family .
she was the daughter of an alcoholic .
her parents were born slaves in the slave camps in virginia .
born around 1880 , and the experience of slavery made your philosophy very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
when i met her when i was a little boy , she 'd come up and hug me .
she squeezed me so hard , i could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came up to me and said , " dear bryan , do you still feel my embrace ? "
and when i said no , she hugged me again , and when i said yes , she left me alone .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were all over the place .
i remember i must have been eight or nine that i woke up one morning and walked into the living room all my cousins were running around .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first , i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was like 15 or 20 minutes , and then she got up and she came over and she grabbed me by the hand and said , " come on , bryan , you and i , we need to talk . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget it .
she took me outside and said , " chunky bryan , " i 'm gonna tell you something , but you have to promise not to get it out .
i said i promise , grandma .
she said , " scout 's honor " ?
she sat me down and looked at me and said , " i want you to know that i was watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , " all you have to do is promise me three things , bryan . "
i said okay , grandma .
she said first promise me you 'll always love your mama .
she said that your mom is my baby , and you have to promise that you 'll always take care of her .
i adored my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
then she said , " next , promise me you 'll always do the right thing , even if it 's hard to do the right thing . "
i thought about it and said yes , grandma , i promise .
finally , she said , the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , i was nine years old , and so i said yes , grandma .
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and brought this six-pack of beer with my sister and me and took us to the woods .
we were just fooling around like we usually do .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister , and she accepted , and then they offered me one .
i said no , no , no , no , you go ahead , i don 't want no beer .
my brother said , " why don 't you do it now ? " you do everything else we do .
come on , have a beer .
i said i don 't want to , you go ahead , you go ahead .
my brother stared at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you 're not still going crazy about the conversation with grandma . "
what are you talking about ?
he said , grandma 's grandmother tells grandchildren they 're special .
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't be doing this .
this may be broadcast in public .
i 'm 52 years old , and i confess i 've never had a drop of alcohol before .
i 'm not saying that because i think it 's virtuous , and i say that because legend means power .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe at first .
we can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren they were special .
my grandfather went to prison during prohibition .
my uncles died of illnesses .
and she believed those were the issues we needed to deal with .
i was trying to say something about the justice system .
this country is different than it was 40 years ago .
there were 300,000 people in concentration camps and prison in 1972 .
it 's 2.3 million today .
the united states today has the highest security rating in the world .
seven million people are out on parole or on parole .
in my opinion , financial institutions have fundamentally changed our world .
in socially weak and black parts of the population there is despair and hopelessness due to these changes .
one of three male blacks between 18 and 30, is in custody , in prison , paroled or with child pornography .
city communities all over the country - - from los angeles to philadelphia , baltimore to washington - - 50 to 60 % of all black males are either in custody , in prison , paroled or with child pornography .
our system is not only forged by questions relating to financial problems , it is also disfigured by poverty .
we have a legal system in this country that treats you much better when you 're rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
wealth , not fault , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite content .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there have been some developments .
my home state of alabama will permanently elude you to vote if you are prosecuted .
here and now in alabama , 34 % of the black population has permanently lost their vote .
we predict that in ten years , the rate of civil rights violations will be as high as before the congress passed .
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that convicts children to death in prison .
in this country , we have life imprisonment for children without the conditional parole .
we 've already got a lot of procedures .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in developing countries .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because we were taught that the real question is , did a human deserve to die for one of his most heinous crimes ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can also think about it differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other way of looking at it isn 't , did someone deserve to die for a crime , but do we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
nine people we executed , one we found innocent , released from death row .
one in nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let someone fly a plane if one falls for nine planes that take off .
but somehow we manage to get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
i 'm talking about slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time against reconstruction , right down to the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know that much about it .
but for the african americans in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to be afraid of climate change ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that shaped their lives .
they say no - - tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , of course , segregation and decades of racist repression came up and apartheid .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country . we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and that 's why we don 't really understand what our actions have in historical context .
we keep bumping into each other .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it 's hard for us to talk about race , and i think that 's because we 're not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood that segregation can 't be overcome without the willingness to see truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was such a willingness but not in this country .
i gave some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating because one of the scientists got up after my lecture and said , you know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that .
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course , they can never be in germany again .
then a woman said , with our story there 's no way we could ever speak for the systematic killing of people again .
it would be unconscionable for us to knowingly and specifically execute people .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state executed people , especially if there were over a hundred jews .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there are these mental deficiencies .
i think our identities are being threatened .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are overshadowed by grief , abuse , decay , decay .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we 're finally talking about how we need more hope , more commitment , more dedication to survive in a complex world .
for me , it means time to work up and think and talk about the poor , the disadvantaged , the ones who will never be with ted .
but think in a way that 's integrated into our own lives .
we all have to eventually believe things we can 't see .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development don 't just come from our minds .
they come from ideas that are driven by the conviction in our hearts .
it 's this underground railroad that i believe is driving us , not only to be open to all the bright and uplifting things , but also the dark and the darkest .
vaclav havel , the great czech politician , said once :
in eastern europe when we fought against oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most was hope , a mental orientation , the willingness to sometimes be in hopeless locations , and witness protection .
this mental orientation is the essence of what i believe the freedom fighters must be committed to .
there is no distinction between technology and design that allows us to be completely human unless we have eyes and ears for poverty , repression , and injustice .
i want to warn you , this kind of identity takes a lot more than we didn 't take care of .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women met and just started talking .
once in a while , mrs carr called me and said , " mr bryan , mrs. parks is coming to town .
you want to come and listen ?
and i said yes , i 'd love to .
she said , " what will you do when you get here ? "
i said i 'll listen .
and i went over there and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me and said , " now , bryan , tell me what the constitutional initiative is entitled to equal rights . "
what are you trying to accomplish ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , " we try to fight injustice . "
we want to help people who were innocent .
we want to fight prejudice and discrimination in the nucleus .
we want to get rid of life sentences without the behavioral psychiatrists .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to reduce the number of prisoners .
we want to abolish civil rights violations .
i gave my usual lecture , and then after that , she looked at me and said :
she said it would make her very , very tired .
then mrs carr leaned over to me , put a finger on my face and said :
and that 's why i think the night-night gun should be braver .
we must find ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on all of our humanity .
in my work , i learned very simple things .
i learned some very simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
i believe that applies to every person on the planet .
when someone lies , they 're not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even killing someone isn 't just a killer .
and because it is , there is a fundamental human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
eventually , a society is not measured by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but how it treats its poor , its imprisoned .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that define us .
sometimes i lose my balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired like the rest of us .
sometimes these ideas run ahead of us in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced to severe punishments .
i 'm going to county to see a client who may be 13 or 14 years old and should be tried as an adult .
then i ask myself , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something they 're not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too late thinking , gosh , if a judge can turn us into something else , he must have magic .
right , bryan , the judge has magic powers .
you should make a wish .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think straight anymore , i started working on a proposal .
i had a brain-damaged , poor black boy for clients .
and i started this petition saying that the headline said that mallory 's motion , my poor , underpaid black client , was like a privileged , white , entitled , entitled , hillbilly heroin addict .
in my motion , i explained that wrongdoing was taken into account by the prosecution and the police and police department heads .
there was a crazy line about how nothing is right in this country anymore , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning , i woke up and couldn 't remember if i had dreamed this crazy proposal or actually written it .
and to my dismay , i had not only written him , but sent him to court .
a few months went by , and i 'd just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and plead this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i was walking down the stairs to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in the courthouse .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
i said , " i 'm a lawyer , i 'm a lawyer . "
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
i 'm so proud of you .
and i must say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside of me , identity , the ability of each individual , something to contribute to a community , a sense of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , " mr stevenson , did you make this mad proposal ? "
i said yes , and then we started discussing it .
more and more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i wrote those crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy prosecutors and office workers .
in the blink of an eye , the courtroom was filled with people angry at us for talking about skin color , poverty , inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i watched the janitor go up and down .
he kept looking through the window and hearing the whole thing go round and round .
he was pacing .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very worried defense attorney and sat right behind me , almost on the counter .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a recess .
during the intermission , a police officer came in who was annoyed that the janitor was in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black guy .
he said , jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ?
i came to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe was pushing far , but that justice was at hand .
that we are not fully developed as humans until we care about human rights and values .
that all of our survival is connected to each one 's survival .
that we must combine our visions of technology and design , of entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of all , i want to say to those of you who see it the same way , just don 't lose sight of the target .
you 've seen an obvious request in this audience and heard of helping them and doing something .
what else can we do ?
well , there are possibilities everywhere .
if they live in california , there 's a period of adjustment this spring to actually make a difference , rerouting something from the core fragment which otherwise flows into the policies of punishment .
here , in california , for example , over the next five years , you 're going to make a billion dollars for capital punishment .
and yet 46 % of all bar fights don 't end with an arrest .
56 % of all precincts are not on trial .
here 's a chance to do something .
that referendum will divert money to invest in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , crime rate has decreased significantly .
that fact is often associated with elevated calcium levels .
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
well , actually , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
most of the murder investigations in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crime .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic numbers come from with the prison inmates .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now we 've got some very serious journalistic feat to put people behind bars for good use , for petty theft , instead of forcing them to return the items to the victims .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think our current relationship agreement helps anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really have a string here .
you 're an inspiring person .
thank you for seeing ted .
bin laden 's death carries increased risk of injury .
police pepper spray .
malignant cartels .
_
announcer # 8 :
different spokesperson for the drug war , weapons of mass destruction , tornado .
recession , doomsday , egypt , syria .
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just some of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days or the last six years .
the fact is , the media prefers to show us negative topics because our minds pay attention to those topics .
and there 's a very good reason for that , too .
every second of every day , our senses catch much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because nothing is more important to us than our survival , the first stop for all the information is part of our fear center , the amygdala .
now , the amygdala is our early warning system , our fear center .
sorting and combing all the information in search of any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to keep an eye out for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , demand rises " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices delivering us these negative messages seven days a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're being pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world 's getting worse .
but maybe that 's not the case .
maybe that 's reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we 've made in the last century has accelerated by a series of forces , is so strong , that in the next three decades , we will be able to create a world of thought .
well , i 'm not saying we don 't have any big problems - - we do , we do , we do .
and as humans , we are much better at predicting problems in the long run , but ultimately overcoming them .
let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last century so that we can anticipate this development .
in the last 100 years , average life expectancy has doubled , reducing inflation to the world 's population has tripled .
infant mortality has decreased by a tenth .
plus , the exponential growth rate , and growth capacity has decreased significantly .
steve pinker has pointed out that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of crisis .
and according to charles kenny , the decline rate for the past 130 years has gone from 25 % to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and a lot of people forget that .
and we keep raising our expectations .
in fact , we redefined poverty .
remember that a large percentage of americans living under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , water , gas tanks , television sets , air conditioners , and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , earth 's oil companies could never dream of such luxury items .
the basis of much of it is technology , and it grows in abundance .
my good friend ray cataldo has shown us that any tool that becomes a weapon made great on the curve of moore 's law
that 's why the cell phone in your bag costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the ' 70s .
now look at this turn .
it 's moore 's law for the last hundred years .
note two things at this turn .
first of all , how smooth it goes - - for better or for worse , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's not slowing down for any of our big problems .
besides , despite your failed attempt at life on the left , it 's going up .
the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a number of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of a returning supercomputer watson at " risk " ?
that was terrific .
i went through the papers once , looking for the best headlines i could find .
i love these : " watson defies human adversaries . "
" risk " is not an easy game .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that the artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of a shoe bomber .
four years ago , ray brower and i , we started a new university here with ted , called " miskatonic university . "
we 're teaching our students all these technologies with special focus on how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , companies , to create products and services that can positively transform the lives of people in a decade .
think about how a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can refer to dozens of companies who have done exactly this .
when i think of having wealth , i don 't mean a lifetime of luxury for everyone on this planet ; it 's about creating a life of opportunity .
it 's about getting rich out of meager possessions .
scarcity is central europe , and technology is a powerful and powerful resource .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he 's invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon himself received military supplies .
however , the king of siam was given special dispensation .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at that time , more precious than gold and platinum .
this is why the dome of the aluminum dome was built .
although aluminum has ingested 3.5 % of the mineral , it doesn 't appear to be pure metal .
it 's connected by oxygen and hydrogen atoms .
but then the technology of the space probe was developed and provided us with such a favorable opportunity that we would use it with our computer technology .
then let 's project that analogy into the future .
we 're thinking today of hostages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 ultraviolet power spans every 88 minutes to the surface of the earth .
it 's not scarcity , the problem is scarcity .
and there 's good news .
this year , for the first time , they 've managed to reduce the cost of tax dollars in india by 50 % of the gross .
solar power costs dropped 50 % last year .
last month , this was published with a study that shows that by the end of this decade , in the sunny areas of the united states , solar power will cost 6 cents a share , compared to 15 cents an average .
and if we have an abundance of water , then we 'll have plenty of it .
let 's talk about body glitter .
do you remember that time carl sagan took the earth 's picture in 1990 when it passed saturn , headed back toward earth ?
he took a famous picture .
" a pale blue dot . "
because we live on a farm .
we live on a planet that is 70 % covered in water .
yes , it 's 6 1 / 2 % salt water , 2 % iced , and we 're fighting for 1 / 2 % of the water on the planet , but there 's hope here .
and there are new technologies , not 10 or 20 years from now .
there are new arrivals coming up , rescue stations .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from different sources - sea water , latrine - all for less than two cents a liter .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to start a large coca-cola restaurant with a hundred units in coca fields .
and if all goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries around the planet .
this is an innovation that exists today .
and we 've seen this on c-span .
oh , my gosh , we 're about to hit the 70 % occupancy rate from fiscal quarter to the end of 2013 .
just remember , a former president with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better record than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you 're looking on google with your smartphone , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no one could have predicted .
and it gets even better , the things that you and i have spent several thousand dollars on - - gps , and photo library full of books and music , technology for medical diagnostics , are now literally renewable and cheaper on your phone .
and the best part is probably what 's in the field of health .
in the last month , i 've had the pleasure of announcing the retirement fund to the so-called " ten million dollar deposit on a tricorder x 25 . "
we 're asking teams all over the world to connect all of these technologies to each other in a cell phone so that you can speak to the device , since it 's equipped with ai , you can test brain scans or his blood results .
and to win , the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of infertile doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of an emergency meeting where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the population control and 1.3 % of the employees of the complex .
if this device is a warning shot or a pandemic or a vaccine that hasn 't been released , it 's calling health services , preventing a pandemic from its outbreak .
but now for the greatest power that will lead us to a world of hurt .
i call it " the next billion . "
the white lines represent the population .
we just crossed the border line .
and by the way , the biggest insurance policy against an oil pipeline is a better education and nutrition in the world .
in 2010 , we barely connected with two billion people online .
by 2020 , we will be going from 2 to 5 billion in shipping .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of will join global communications .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of static stops , i see one of the biggest economic advisors in history .
these people represent a number of trillions of dollars that are gonna be going into the global economy .
and they 'll get healthier using the 3d printer and be so much more productive than ever .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the fae community bring us ?
how about a set of new , never before voted .
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to get their attention and create change for the first time ?
what will those three billion people bring ?
how about contributions we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned from the x rays is that small teams motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big corporations and governments could only create in the past .
i want to finish a story that really excited me .
there 's a program that some of us may already know .
it 's a game called chutes and ladders .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acids to study how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the wesen community .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by rustlers , etc .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of people playing the game online .
and it showed that today , human dna structure better fold proteins than the best supercomputers .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a clone .
we have the capital of the world .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work online with to face the new challenges and do what it takes .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i believe it begins with a physician , and that 's me .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own fake charity to make that happen .
but before i get to the topic of my closing argument , let 's start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are close to the heavyweight championship of the world .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" nerd alert " is about to appear and is about statistics and using them to make a great baseball team .
i will refer to a statistic i hope most of you have heard of .
it 's the mating season .
we 're talking 300 if a bat hits 300 .
that means the player must be hitting three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball in the hoop , it comes up , it doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time , and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
you know what they call a baseball bat in major league baseball ?
good , really good , maybe a shrimp cocktail .
do you know what it 's called ?
that 's someone who , by the way , probably meets four out of 10 .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 times during a regular season .
let 's transfer back to my world of medicine where i 'm feeling a lot more comfortable or maybe a little less comfortable after i 've talked to you about it .
assuming you have appendicitis , you 're being transferred to a operative whose life experience is 400 in terms of risk .
it doesn 't really work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain secluded area , and you have a loved one with a congested lung fever , and your gp sends it to a cardiologist whose heart rate is 200 degrees celsius .
but , you know what ?
it 's much better this year .
and she 's hitting 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i 'm gonna ask you a question .
what do you think the rate for a cardiologist or a nurse or an ortho surgeon should be , an obstetrician , a cardiac surgeon ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , no one in all this medicine knows what a good surgeon or doctor or proctologist should be .
what we do , however , is that we send each of them , including me , into the world with the right to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but no one worries about the details of how this is gonna happen .
and this is the message i took in med school .
i was a compulsive eater .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian piccolo was gonna study for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little french class at the toronto general hospital residence not far from here .
i memorized everything .
in my business school , i learned the origins and strains of every branch of an artery creaking from the aorta , obscure and common abdominal aorta .
i even knew the differential for wanting to repeat differential diagnosis .
and all that time , i collected more and more knowledge .
i graduated with honors .
and i dropped out of med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as i could , close to the integrity of being immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was admitted to a teaching hospital here in toronto as mrs. drucker was taken to me at the hospital 's teaching hospital .
at the time , i was assigned to the assigned duty shift at the orpheum .
and it was my mission when the council of elders sought to investigate the mutant rabbit .
and rsvp to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and listening to her , she made a lot of noise .
and when i punctured her chest with the laryngeal sac , i could hear a tearing sound on both sides , saying she was suffering from congestive heart failure .
that 's a condition where the heart fails instead of pumping all the blood further , a part of the blood sits in the lungs and fills those gradually , so the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a difficult diagnosis to diagnose .
i hired her and went to the treatment .
i gave her some aspirin , gave her medicine to relieve the pressure .
i gave her medicine we call bovine serum poisoning , water pills to keep the fluid flowing .
and over an hour and a half or two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and that 's when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and do what i should have , which would have been a call to my attending to check it with him , so he would have had a chance to make his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and able to assume his responsibility , that i did this , and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending you home , i disobeyed a quiet voice inside of me that was trying to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea . "
in fact , i lacked so much confidence that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. drucker , " do you think it would be okay if she went home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , in a more appropriate way , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and paramedics came and brought her home .
and i went back to work .
for the rest of the day , i had this nagging feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my bags , left the hospital , and went to the parking lot to drive home in the car when i did something i didn 't normally do .
i went through the trash chute on my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse who checked on mrs. drucker , but said three words to me , and those three words fear most of the words i know .
other physicians fear them as well , but the treatment of patients is very special because we see them so rarely .
the three words are , remember ?
" remember the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse factually .
" so she 's back , " she said in that particular register .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after i sent her home , she collapsed and the family called 911 .
she barely breathed in and turned blue .
the dispersal system went off the rails .
you gave her a free pass .
they hooked her up to the prison gates .
i was shocked and devastated .
and i lived on this roller coaster because she came to the icu after the surgery , and i was hoping she 'd recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never awaken .
she had sustained permanent brain damage .
her family was gathering .
and over the next eight or nine days , you 've surrendered to what happened .
on the 14th day , you go mrs. drucker , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say you never forget the names of those who are named .
and that was the first time i ever heard that .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of existential shame .
the unhealthy way i talk about is the kind that makes you sick inside .
it 's the one that tells you that not what you 've done is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't my fault , he was very sweet .
he was talking to the family , and i 'm sure he was lowering the tide and making sure i wasn 't being sued .
but i kept asking myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it settled .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds , and the sun came out , and i said to myself maybe i could feel better again .
and i took action that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake , the voice could be silenced .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at a cancer clinic in a cancer center north of toronto , and i was nursing a 25-year-old male with his throat cut .
i was in a hurry .
he used to point here .
i looked down the throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next rehearsal dinner , and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" remember the patient with the irritated throat ? "
it turns out he 's a paralegal .
he had a potentially destabilizing disease called chagas .
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the jaw , it 's the upper airway , it 's causing the respiratory breech .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he was given intravenous lines and he was recovering a few days later .
and i went through the same ordeal of shame and self-doubt , felt liberated and went straight to work until it happened again and again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice .
there 's a lot to it , especially considering you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at the time .
in either case , i didn 't send her home , and there was no flaw in your treatment .
one of them thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered an x-ray of the kidneys , and when it was inconclusive , my colleague in the patient 's aortic dissection in the lower right sector , called the nicu .
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i 've ordered the doctor to escort him out and asked my colleague to inspect him as well .
and he did , and when he discovered a barbecue sauce in the right lower sector , he called the bomb squad .
both cases were operated on , and they were fine .
both cases disgusted me , ate me .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes happened only in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim is complete nonsense .
some of my recon drones happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem : if i can 't make my mistakes and talk about them , if i can keep the quiet voice telling me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you won 't make the same ones ?
if i go into a room like this , i have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
when was the last time you heard from someone who spoke of failure over failure ?
oh , yeah , they 're going to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleague knew that an ortho surgeon in my hospital had taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i would have trouble looking him in the eye .
that 's the system we live in .
it 's totally denial of mistakes .
it 's a system where there are two basic positions ... those who make mistakes ... and those who don 't make them ... those that limit sleep deprivation , and those without restrictions ... those with bad outcomes and good outcomes .
it 's almost an ideological reaction like antibodies attacking a human .
and there 's the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from medicine , we 'll have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i 've learned is that mistakes are absolutely inevitable .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one out of 10 doses is either a fake or a fake or a fake dose of drugs that make hydrogen sulfide , always and invariably wreaking havoc or death .
in this state , there are 24,000 canadians dying of easy mistakes .
in the united states , the medical institute estimated the number at 100,000 .
both are highly competitive , because we don 't look at the problem exactly as we should .
and is the most beautiful .
in an emergency room where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't keep up .
sleep deprivation is rampant .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive fault so we can use a perfect location for a patient with chest pain .
then i take the same patient with personality disorders , make him sweaty and talk , add a slightly labored breath , and suddenly the story is riddled with contempt .
i don 't follow the same course .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all of this is inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i was taught , and then discard all the manufacturing defects , then there 's none left at the end .
and you know that thing about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , you hit your head , then look down and swallow hard , and start telling your stories .
they want to share their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i 'm making . "
what you need is an environment that puts you in a position .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a man , white to his humanity , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but make every effort to learn something from you so it can be passed on .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports other people 's mistakes .
and she points out their flaws , not to expose them , but in a loving , caring way so that everyone benefits .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes people filling the system with life , and when they do , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the newly defined doctor .
i 'm human .
i 'm sorry , but i 'm trying best to learn from it to pass it on to others .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me say three of my own words , i remember .
i 'm gonna talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's about myasthenia gravis .
and because you can explain that idea in a minute , i 'll tell you three stories to use the time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you must know he was here .
they may think he was hunting finches , but that 's not true .
actually , he was collecting fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was a suicide pact .
he was fished in the ' 80s in a big way .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
we 've heard this story many times from the sites or other places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're still getting to the main point .
we still think they 're original .
the brochures still describe you as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is to illustrate a different concept , the ancient astronaut theory .
because i saw it in 1971 when i was studying a lagoon at a beauty parlor .
i went there because i grew up in europe and i wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced that i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon was palm trees and some mangrove swamp trash .
there were over 20 centimeters proximal , scaphoid , the base of the skull .
the policies of this african nation were very serious and the fishermen lived well and made money in ghana .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
fully grown , they measured five centimeters .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be here .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells of my complicity in the initiation of southeast asia .
in the ' 70s , earlier in the ' 60s , europe took on a lot of hate groups .
fishing boats meant countries that have already caught 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing of this rather ugly ship , the name of 4 .
i rode along and we continued to hit bumps all over south south china sea and especially in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we caught there .
i know now that it was the bottom of the sea .
90 % of our inventory was sponges , other animals connected to the cause .
most of the fish , the little dots there in the wreckage , the debris , they were debris .
essentially , the bottom of the sea came on deck and was thrown back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
within a year , you do a survey and then you begin the fishing expedition .
because in this case , a hard reason or a soft coral is a bitch .
it 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
once we captured one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill her , because they were good to eat .
in fact , this mountain is covered by fishermen every time they go into areas they 've never been fished before .
but it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
we 're matching our security protocols to the new level and we don 't remember what was there .
when you put it out , here 's what happens .
there 's some good stuff on the ice cap , lots of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
in time , it changes , it changes , because for people , their actions are natural .
each generation considers the images they 're recording at the beginning of their conscious life as a standard and will extrapolate everything from it .
the difference is then perceived as loss .
but you 're not aware of the previous losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , they just want to keep the pathetic remains .
that is basically our goal .
we want to preserve things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
you 'd think now that the problem was about people who certainly did when they lived in vegan societies killing animals and didn 't realize what they 'd done for a few generations .
because obviously , an animal that existed very often becomes rare once upon a time before it becomes extinct .
so you don 't lose healthy animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that 's why it 's not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea , those are the big fish .
they get less frequent because we catch them .
over time , there 's not much fish left , and we think this is the main point .
the question is why people accept that .
well , because they don 't know it used to be different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
they 'll confirm it , because the evidence as you outlined in a previous form is not what you 'd like to present the evidence .
for example , there 's this anecdote that the report of a captain what happened to watch great spy movies cannot be used or is not usually judged by the likes of which is not " scientific . "
so we have a situation where people don 't know the past , even though we live in sophisticated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
it shows an enormous role that an actor can play .
because we 're basically rebuilding the past through spy satellites .
we 're rebuilding the past that people can 't understand because the scales have changed and are very low .
with this , the people who see a live tv program and who benefit from the insight that it provides can reverse their firing mechanisms .
what about the people who can 't do that because they don 't have access - - the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think , the art and the film might fill the gap and simulations .
this is the chesapeake bay simulation .
once upon a time , there was a time ... 500 years ago .
and the avatar ones and the avatar ones might remind you .
if you 're thinking about " avatar , " when you 're thinking about why people were so touched by it - - besides the avatar , why were you so touched by the avatar ?
because it was something that was lost in a way .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give is to cameron to turn avatar ii underwater .
thank you .
in the 80s , in the communist east germany , when you had a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
you also had to register a sheet of sheet metal from this typewriter .
the reason the government was able to trace where a text came from .
when they found an article with false thinking , they were able to track down the author of those thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
that happens to us today .
and nobody seems upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and that 's one of the three basic moves of today 's existing sensor readings .
let 's take a look at what 's really going on in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we have three emergency contacts .
there 's a million dollar question .
for example here , this is mr. kiev 's travelling salesman from kiev in the ukraine .
and the motives of hesperides are very easy to understand .
these people make money .
they use toy guns to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
there are several known cases of gang violence , gang violence that have made their money off of attacks .
this is vladimir karpov from estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn ironside .
this is matthew anderson , tariq massoud , et cetera , et cetera .
intelligence did freeze the swiss account of mr. sam rubber two months ago , and in this account was 15,000 million us dollars when it was frozen .
mr. orlac himself is at large , the location is unknown .
and i submit that today is more likely that we will be victims of a crime in the real world .
and it 's very obvious that this is only gonna get worse .
in the future , most crimes will be online .
the second largest ball of twine we can watch today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else - - something like , an opinion or your audience .
groups like anonymous have risen over the past 12 months and become one of the world 's most wanted in the field of narcotics .
so these are the three most wanted : criminals who do it for money , anonymous , who resist , but the last group is nations , governments who run the attacks .
we 've got cases like von deenis .
it shows exemplary what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
or it was .
it had to declare bankruptcy last fall because someone hacked jlich .
someone broke in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week in a meeting with dutch naval intelligence agency , i asked one of the leaders in this group to ask if he thought it possible that because of the helping people had died .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in the wake of such a hack ?
- what ?
they 're selling dime bags .
what do you do with zippers ?
well , a certificate is needed when you have a web site with web servers , with services rendered , for example :
you can if you want to become a foreign woman .
hack and distribute fake fbi badges .
and that 's exactly what happened in case of emergency .
what about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt , the insurgents in april of 2011, raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police , and they found a lot of files .
there was a folder in these files called " redacted . "
and in this folder were notes from a local company that had sold some programs to the egyptian government with which they were able to intercept any and all communications of the citizens .
they had sold this program for 17,000 euros to the egyptian government .
the beacon is right here .
so western governments , they provide defense contractors , so they can move against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago found the so-called free mars rover , which was a trojan used by german kgb agents to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're suspected in a criminal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
you 're tapping your internet connection .
they use resources like the central computer to spoof their computer with a trojan that allows them to monitor all their communications , listen to their passwords , collect their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , the obvious answer to people would be , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't affect me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that argument doesn 't make any sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not an option .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
and while today , in 2011 , we may trust our governments , any right we give up is handed down forever .
and do we blindly trust any future government , a government we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of the supernatural .
the first phase inducers have been built and won by a simple idea , modules forged with fixed measurements .
it was very quickly becoming the most powerful weapon in the world .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
essentially , the time difference had become the time factor of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , legos came out with this .
it was called the " auto parts stone . "
and within a few years , legos moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
lego made it possible for everyone .
legos basically took the master plan , the master plan of the world , made it a master plan for our imagination .
in the meantime , that same year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced .
the transistor was a little power surge that would get us from a world of static , static bricks to a world where everything was wireless .
like the block , the transistor allows us to build a much bigger , more complex learning materials one stone at a time .
but there is a saying : the transistor was for experts only .
personally , i don 't accept that the age difference is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the engineers ' power in the hands of artists and healers .
a few years ago , i began to develop these .
let me show you how they work .
quantum modules are electronic modules that have specific function .
you 're a starfleet officer , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part about it is they connect with magnets .
that way you can 't put it upside down .
the stones are solid .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input , and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build bigger panels real fast .
you put a blue one on a green , and you can turn the light on .
you can put a switch in between , and so you created a small time switch .
take the switch out to insert a control panel that 's here , and you 've made a small turn signal .
add that buzzer for an additional effect and you 've created a microwave oven .
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond the simple game , actually , phone records are quite powerful .
instead of programming , wiring , wire , or solder ,
so to speed up the signal or slow down , just turn on this button and he 'll speed up the pulse or slow it down .
the idea behind these walls is that it 's a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in the world to a stone .
lights , sounds , radio equipment , engines all should be available .
we 've been handing out toy guns to kids and watching them play with them .
and it was an incredible experience .
the nicest thing about you is you start to understand the electronics around you in a daily life that you don 't learn in school .
like a night-light works , or why the elevator doors snap , or how an ipod reacts to touch .
we also took aife to go skiing .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in any electronics that started playing with electronics as materials .
here we see , with felt , paper and water bottles , like baby bottles ...
a few weeks ago , we were taking samples of samples to the storage facilities ... and giving them some of the technical expertise ... just cardboard , wood and paper ... and telling them , " do something . "
here 's an example of a project you did , a very profitable operation .
but wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a bread lobster afraid of the dark .
for the sake of this game , detection became another material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available to everyone .
so , tout open source is ...
they can go to the website , download all the web sites and make them themselves .
we want to encourage the world of creators , the inventor , the participant , because this world we live in , this interactive world is ours .
so go ahead and start inventing .
thank you .
