and , of course , we all share the same
we are all born , we give birth to children
we 're going through search and rescue .
we must deal with the inevitable separation of death , and so it should not surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the song , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
all of these people teach us that there are other , more , more , more , more , more , more , more , more .
and that is an idea that , when you think about it can only fill you with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of life , and of life , that the earth , is as important to the earth as the biological , which is known as the biosphere .
the great legacy of humanity .
it is the symbol of all that we are , and what we are capable of as the most amazing and amazing species .
and just as the , as the , the , as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and the crucial indicator of that is the extinction of the languages .
when each of them was born in this room , on earth , six thousand languages were spoken .
now , a language is not only the totality of the , or a string of , or a string of , uh ...
a language is the expression of the human spirit .
it is a means with which the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
every language is like a forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
and of those six thousand languages today , while we sit here in monterey , half of them are no longer whispered in the ears of children .
it means that if nothing is done , they are dead .
what could be more lonely than to be shrouded in silence , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , have no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors , or the hope of children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone , somewhere on the earth , about every two weeks , for every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last syllables of an old language to his grave .
" let it be a
and then suddenly they would know what it would be like if they could not speak their own language .
so today , i would like to , in a way , to take you on a journey through the , uh , a short journey through , to try to make you understand what has actually been lost .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different ways of being , " really different ways of being .
take , for example , this child of the amazon , in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the anaconda , from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
it is a people that are not different from the color blue and green , as the sky of the forest that men hang from is equal
they have a strange language and a language that is called the linguistic language you must marry someone who speaks a different language
the strange of these great houses , where they speak six or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
they just listen and then start talking .
or , one of the most ancient tribes i have ever lived with , the world in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who , for the first time in 1958 , have been contacted peacefully .
in the year of 1957 , five missionaries tried to make contact and made a serious mistake .
they threw bright and shiny pictures of themselves from the air , which we would consider as a friendly gesture , and they forgot that those people from the rain forest in their lives had never seen anything more
they would lift up these photographs of the forest of the forest , try to look behind the face or the figure , find nothing , and that these are the devil 's cards and kill the five missionaries with the spear .
but not only those who killed outsiders with the spear .
they ran through each other .
54 % of the deaths were caused by mass casualties .
but at the same time you had a clear knowledge of the forest which was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 feet away and determine what that animal belonged to .
to make sense of this sensation , i , of course , had to know something of this remarkable belief of the , uh , voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it is a complex of metaphysical ...
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to list the great , many of the great , many , what would you say ?
christianity , islam ,
a continent is always left out , for it was the assumption that there was no religious belief in a religious belief , of course there was , and , of course there was , and , of course , there was a , and voodoo , that is , that is , that is , that this very , the very , of this very , the very , the very , the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be cast from under the great water , answers to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily , the soul of the living , so that for a brief , shining moment , to become god .
" you white go to church and talk about god
we dance in the temple and become god
and because you are possessed , you are consumed by the spirit .
you see , these amazing demonstrations , these amazing demonstrations , in a silver blaze , the burning coal with no burning , an amazing the power of the mind to control the body so that it can endure when it is in a state of extreme arousal
well , of all the people that i have met , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the descendants of the old , tyrannical civilization , which , in the caribbean , were the people of colombia , and in the conquest , these people returned to an ancient , black and black and black ,
in a bloody , bloody continent these men were the only those who were never conquered by the spanish .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood , but the education of the priesthood is extraordinary
and throughout all this time , you will be , culturally introduced into the values of your society , values that maintain that your prayers and only your prayers , the cosmic , or we could say that ecological balance
you have to protect it .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we who are the younger brothers are responsible for the destruction of the world
now this level of intuition is very important .
now , the natives are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he is a whereabouts of a spirit or a pile of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of british colombia in the forests of british columbia , and i believed that these forests were to be taken out .
well , when you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant here .
it 's a photo i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is , of which many of you have heard , the strongest and most powerful and most powerful of the shaman 's .
this plant contains some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very similar to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the ...
in case you have ever seen the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
to snort this powder is like being shot at from a rifle barrel , lined by painted paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it creates no distortion of reality , but the dissolution of reality .
but the thing about the , the thing about , is that they can 't be taken orally because through a in the human intestines , of course , they are , they are , they are , they are , they are ,
they can only be taken orally in connection with some other chemicals used by mao
now , what is fascinating is that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
how can these people from a plant of over 80,000 species of plants can not find these two plant plants , which , when combined , in this way , create a kind of a ... of a ... of ... of ... a ... of ... of ... a ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of ... of
we use this great euphemism , attempt and error , which proves nothing .
but when they ask the indians they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , the river , have 17 different varieties of water , which they all recognize at a great distance in the forest , which , for our eyes , appear to be a kind .
and then you ask them , " how do they explain , " and they say , " i thought you knew something about plants .
and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out you pick up every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in a different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a doctorate at harvard , but it 's much more interesting than to count the
well , the problem is that even those among us who have the sympathy for the troubled situation of the natives think of them as ... and of , in some way , to the past , while the real world , our world ,
all the cultures have continued to participate in the dance with the new
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the sioux have no less stopped the sioux , as they did bows and arrows , when the americans stopped being americans as they horse and horse and horse and horses .
no change , no technology , no , no , no .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i do a lot of research , the ugly face of political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the death of the people is generally condemned , but the death of the people , the destruction of the people 's way of life , is not only not judged , but generally and generally celebrated as part of a
and they cannot understand the suffering of tibet , if they have not experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a disciple of the dalai lama .
he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion
his uncle , who , with his holiness , fled to the north , who brought people to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two to hide under her skirt , for she could not live without him .
the sister who has committed this brave deed has been taken to a military hospital .
one day , she accidentally stepped on an " mao bracelet " and for these offenses she had to spend seven years in a hard labor camp .
the suffering of tibet may be unbearable , but the mind of man is an unforgettable memory .
and in the end , we are really in the middle of a choice do we want to live in a world of the monotony , the monotony , the monotony , the monotony , or the world of the variety ?
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution , which brought to us the excess , and in this moment , gave us to the cult of the priest , who replaced the poetry of the shaman by the prose of the priest and the hierarchy ,
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
when we ask these many , many , many , many of these , to ask the meaning of the song , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
here is a photo i took in at the north end of the world , when i went to the village , and this man ,
the canadian government did not always very well deal with the inuit , and during the years of the year , during the years of our reign , they were forced to live in settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took all the weapons and all the tools .
now you must know that the inuit are not afraid of the cold .
it was originally made from fish , which was wrapped in fish .
the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the arctic night or the blazing storm .
he slipped out , he let down his trousers out of his trousers and fell into his hand and when the feces began to freeze , he shaped them into the form of a knife .
he sprayed saliva on the sides of the body and when it was completely frozen he stabbed a dog with it .
he used the dog , and he improvised a dish , he took the dog 's skeleton , and he improvised a sled , he put on another dog , and then he went over the top of the top of the ,
that way nothing can be done .
and this is , in many , in many ways , a symbol of the resist of the inuit and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government , in april of 1999 , gave back complete control of an area greater than california and texas together .
it is our new homeland , and it is called our new home .
it is an independent field , and they control all of the world .
an amazing example , such as a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its people .
and in the end , i think it is quite obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant ends of the earth , to realize that they have not been removed at all .
you are someone 's favorite .
they represent parts of the human imagination which , in the past and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children , become part of the geography of hope .
what we try at national geographic in the end is that we believe that politicians never achieve anything .
we believe that we believe that we believe that we believe that the is not true , but we believe that it can change the world , and so we are probably the best in the world , that our website receives 35 million hits every month .
156 nations are sending our satellite .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many of these , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , with digital photos here , which you can constantly , casually ,
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at how big these collections are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in a range of over 300 .
it doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can limit the power of a system such as this , is the number of , on your screen at any moment .
this is a whole book , an example of a book .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that it really is a text and not a picture , we can do something like that , to really show that this is a ...
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a case from the guardian .
each big picture is the start of a leg .
and it really gives you the pleasure and the good experience to read a real magazine or a newspaper , which is a sort of a medium , with a number of ...
we also did something at the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we have designed a false ad with a very high resolution , which is much higher than a normal ad and we have added additional content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this , this really , really , these ideas , to get rid of these restrictions on available space on the screen .
we hope it doesn 't mean any more nonsense , and that it shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , of course , the brain is one of the really obvious uses for technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend much time here except to say that we will also contribute to this .
but these are all the streets in the streets .
at the top of the , uh , the , uh ...
let 's get something else now .
it 's even now live on the internet , you can check .
this is a project , with the name of the world , which is , indeed , two different technologies .
one is a , and the other is a very , very good research on , which is by noah , a university of washington ,
and rick , who was done by microsoft research .
so , this is live on the internet , and it is powered by the power of
you can see that when we create this kind of views where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the resolution
but the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
i don 't know if i still have time to show you other surroundings .
there are those who are much more .
we had to worry about the lawyers .
so these are all of these , and they are all in a relationship with each other .
and we can navigate that very simple .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i guess you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras , everything is , from the , to professional , a very large number of them all stitched together in this area .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange .
many of them are covered by faces and faces .
there are a series of photographs here .
this is , in fact , a poster of the notre dame that was properly recorded .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point here is that we can do things to the social environment , we now collect data from all of the collective memory of how , visually the earth looks and everything is connected .
all these pictures are linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model from all the earth .
think of this as the continuation of the work of the work of stephen king to virtual earth .
and this is something that , by the complexity that people use it , grows , and its use for the user with the use of the use of the use is always greater .
your own photographs will be presented with metadata , which another person entered .
and , of course , the byproduct of all these are the rich , rich virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , which was not only received by satellite or satellite images and so on , but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within the next few years , all the images used by someone in the world together are basically linked together ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to make it , you can make it .
and she does this because of its contents in the pictures .
and this is very exciting when you think of the abundance of the information that has many of these images .
like when you do a study for pictures , where you type in sentences , and the text of the website contains a lot of information about what picture this is .
but how would it be if the picture were to connect you with all your pictures ?
it is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
my , my , my , my , my , my .
thank you very much .
i will tell you some things from my book that , as i hope , are in harmony with other things you 've already heard , and i will try to make some connections myself , if you have not noticed .
i want to start with what i call " official dogma "
official dogma of what ?
the official of all western and western and western .
if our goal is to maximize the value of our citizens ' freedom , it goes through the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom is good for itself , of value , of value , of value , of purpose , a human condition .
if people have freedom , then each of us is to do for ourselves the things that maximize our common good and no one has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more people have choices , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common good they have .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply that no one would think to question it .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what gives us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how the supermarket is .
and then they go to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we can put together a million different stereo systems from the components offered in this one business .
you have to admit , that 's quite a selection .
in other areas - the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy you could have any phone company you wanted as long as it came from ma bell
you rented your phone .
a result was that the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we now have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle , the one in the middle , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
and if you haven 't seen this in your business yet you can be sure you will soon
and what it does is it makes people walk into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other aspects of life , which are far more important than the purchase of objects , the same explosion of the choices .
it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead you go to the doctor and the doctor says we can do a or we can do b .
a has these advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says " a " has these advantages and risks , and " b " has those advantages and risks .
what will you do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i am not you . "
there is tremendous marketing in prescription drugs for people like you and me that , when you think about it makes no sense at all because we don 't buy it .
why do they woo us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is they expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for change of prescription .
something as simple as our identity is now a matter of choice how this slide should show .
we inherit no identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as often as we want .
it means that every day when you wake up in the morning you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the family was , that almost everyone had , and that they got married as quickly as they could and had children as quickly as they could .
the only true choice was who , not when , not what they did after .
everything is easy nowadays .
i teach wonderful intelligent students and i give them 20 % less work than i did before .
and not because they are less clever , not because they are less careful .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i marry or not ?
shall i marry later , shall i have children , or shall i make a career ?
they 're all questions .
and you will answer these questions regardless of whether or not it means to do all the tasks i give you and not get a good grade in my class .
and in fact , you should do , these are important questions to be asked .
we are blessed , as carl has made , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet except the randolph hotel .
by the way , there 's a corner that i won 't tell anyone about where it works .
i won 't tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work again and again and again and again , whether we should work or should not .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even though they are all shut off , every minute that we watch our child , when we see our child , we ask , " should i accept this call ?
should i write this letter ?
and even though the answer to the question , " no , " it will surely imprint your child 's experience of the memory of her child as it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this
what i 'm saying is there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world we now live in looks like this
is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'll know what 's bad about it .
all these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
an effect , which , by the way , is , is that it is paralyzed instead of release .
with so many options you can choose , people are very hard to decide .
i will give you another drastic example , a study on investment into voluntary retirement funds .
a colleague of mine had access to from vanguard , the giant , from about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was , per 10 times the employer offered , took attendance 2 % .
why ?
it is so hard to choose which to choose , to choose which to choose , to postpone it until tomorrow .
and then tomorrow and then tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow , and tomorrow never , of course .
by not participating , they give up up up to $ 5,000 us a year from the one who was happy to make their contribution .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
you really want to make the decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or the wrong salad dressing .
so this is the one effect , the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end less satisfied with the outcome of choice than if we had the opportunity to choose between less .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more opportunity there are , the easier it is nothing to regret . that is disappointing for the choice you make .
secondly , which is what economists
dan gilbert made a big point this morning telling how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we compare .
well , if there are so many other options to consider , it is simply to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives that you rule out makes you less satisfied with the choices you have chosen .
for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here is what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach , beautiful day you have it all for yourself
what could be better ?
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house .
and he spends two weeks on the thought that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking space day after day .
we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , what we have chosen is fantastic .
and the more opportunities there are to choose , the more attractive qualities of this choice are considered in the , uh , the more attractive .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon is making some statements .
he makes a statement about living in now and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point he makes is that whenever you choose one thing , you choose not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and what they do will make less attractive .
three : escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i tried to change my jeans .
i wear jeans almost all the time .
so went to buy new jeans after many years of the old , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , this is my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want to lean , lean , lean or lean ?
do you want to , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you , uh , do you want to , uh ,
you want jeans with holes ?
" and so he said . "
my jaw was down , and after i recovered i said , " i would like the kind that used to be the only kind . "
he had no idea what it was , so i spent an hour trying on all those damn jeans , leaving the business and i tell the truth about the best jeans i ever had .
i had it better , and all those choices made me better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try to explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse was , with all these available opportunities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations , i had no concrete expectations when there was only one kind .
when they came in 100 fucking , one of them should have been perfect
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i had got to what i expected and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
the add of opportunities in people 's lives are bound to increase people 's expectations about how good these possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if they did , they all wouldn 't know what this is .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that everything used to be better than everything was worse when everything was worse , it was possible for people to experience that was a pleasant surprise .
today , in the world in which we live , we are wealthy , wealthy citizens , with perfection the best you can ever hope for things are as good as you expect them to be .
they will never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever .
the secret to the marriage , which is what they all came for , the secret to the marriage is low expectations .
i would like to say a brief moment that i am married to a woman , and she is very wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better , i have not settled
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available and you buy one that is disappointing and you ask why who is responsible ?
is it equally clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , even if the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed they blame themselves
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so is the feeling that we are generally better , objectively and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official dogma that one we all think is right is completely wrong .
there is no question that a little choice is better than none , but it does not follow that more choice is better than some choice .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we 've missed this point for a long time by choosing to improve our common good .
now , as a matter of principle , i am almost done as a matter as a matter of thought , the thing that makes all these choices possible in the most modern societies is the material wealth .
there are many places in the world and we have heard of many of them whose problem is not too much to choose .
your problem is you 're short .
so the things i talk about are a strange problem of modern , rich , western society .
and what is so frustrating and annoying is that steve levitt told you yesterday about how those expensive and difficult to do is not help , it is a waste of money .
what i tell you is that these expensive , complicated decisions are not easy that they do not help .
they even hurt .
they make us look worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions to the societies that people in which people have too little to choose , would not only improve the lives of people , but ours would also be better .
economists refer to this as a more appropriate application .
he will make everyone feel better , not just the poor , because all of this great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
in conclusion , would you please read this cartoon , and , a highly evolved person say , " what does this fish know ?
you know nothing is possible in this goldfish bowl
an impoverished fantasy , a shortsighted vision of the world and that is the way i first read it .
but the more i thought about it , the more i felt that the fish knew something .
because the truth is , when you break the goldfish bowl so that anything is possible , you have no freedom , you have paralysis
when you break the goldfish bowl so that anything is possible , you lower your happiness .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everybody needs a goldfish bowl .
this is almost , with complete certainty , too limited , possibly for the fish , definitely for us .
but the missing from a metaphorical goldfish bowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suspect disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i have talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we begin from a new point , we have digitized biology , and now we are trying to get from digital code into a new phase of biology by creating and building new life .
we 've always tried to ask important questions .
it 's something i think many biologists have tried to understand and on different levels .
we have tried several different approaches to make it simple to the smallest components .
we have been digital for almost 20 years , and as we have been , the change of the world of biology to the digital world of computers .
now are we trying to ask if we can restore life or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism that has the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've been trying to see if we can do that with an even smaller genome .
we managed to give up about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
therefore , we have decided that it is the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome , which allows us to vary the individual components so to ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow to create these really great molecules that have never been done before ?
and if we can , can we start the chromosome ?
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of ...
our steps in the process of life was exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has evolved very slowly , but it still increased , and our final point would now be set to a winding curve .
we started 15 years ago .
it actually took a couple of years to start with a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , business is very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long but it 's a process , so the longer you make one piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to come up with a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , beginning with the digital information , which was the , uh ,
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we produced small pieces , we made a , uh , small pieces , and we had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the thrilling phase came when we took this piece of chemical and put it into a bacteria and the bacteria began to read the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles then released from the cells and came back and killed e. coli .
recently i spoke to the oil industry and they said they understood this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation where software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to use digital information in the computer , this digital information must be accurate .
when we first passed the genome in ' 95 in the first time in ' 95 in ' 95 it was a mistake in a 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 .
if we had used the original sequence it would never have been possible to drive up .
a part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long , and which have to overlap with other , to build smaller pieces of the design so that they can match .
we have built unique elements here .
you may have heard that we 've put in a new set .
think about it , we have a
and here there is a single purpose for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first we only signed .
some people were disappointed that it was not poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply dismantle them with enzymes , and there are enzymes that can repair them and put them back together .
and we started to create pieces , starting with pieces containing the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
in each step , we have produced these pieces in the excess so that we could , because we tried to create a very robust process which you will see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point where we 're going .
well , it looks like a ... it looks like ...
if we can get to these really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
we knew there was a mechanism called the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
here is an example of this , there is an organism known as the
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it all came back together again .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can become completely drained , they can even live in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life in space can exist in space and can move , in search of the conditions that exist .
in fact , nasa has shown that there are many out there .
here is a sample of the molecule which we have made by using these trials , in fact , we have only used , with the proper design of the pieces , we have it , and the yeast , and then , by then , we put it together .
it 's not a , it 's a regular , it 's a regular .
it 's such a big molecule that we can even see it with the ...
this is footage of a duration of six seconds .
this is the paper we recently finished .
it is the largest molecule of the structure ever created by man .
it has over 300 million .
if we print it out with a 10 and no intervals , it would include 142 pages just to add this genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome how do we activate it ?
obviously , it is very simple with a virus , it is much more complicated to deal with bacteria .
it 's as simple as it is when you do it in as we are , you just take out the and give out another and that is exactly what they all heard about cloning .
at the time of death , the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but only recently we have shown that you can perform a complete transplant from one cell to another and activate it .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
as a matter of fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to further the process .
this is the most basic of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here that have taken on a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , each time thousands of species , each in just one second to a species .
so people who think of evolution as a gene that changes at a time , have missed much of biology .
there are enzymes , which are called the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the
the chromosome that was in the cell has none , the chromosomes we have inserted already .
it was found in the cell , and the other chromosome the other chromosome as a foreign material , and we ended up with only one cell with a new chromosome .
it was blue because of the genes we added .
and after a very short time , all the characteristics of the species had lost and completely converted into a new species based on the new software we gave into the cell .
all the proteins changed the membranes changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like it may sound like we can , but we can , by moving forward , change things quite dramatically .
now i have argued that this is not the genesis , which is based on 3 billion years of evolution
and i have , i have argued that we may be about to create a new form of the , uh , in which there could be massive new , uh ,
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious to what we need .
we are six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946
today there are three people on this planet for anyone who has existed in 1946 within 40 years will be four .
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer this for nine .
we need more than five billion tons of coal .
when we think about biological processes or any process to replace it , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there is all the co2 of this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we now , from our discoveries from all over the world , we now have a database of about 20 million in genes , and i want to believe that these are the future 's most future .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
we are here , in the first place , to the boundaries of the biological reality and to those of our imagination .
we have technologies today , because of this fast food , to do what we call " advanced genetics . "
we now have the opportunity to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you imagine to create these 20 million different genes or to tweak these processes to create new vaccines or new vaccines , we can , with only one small team , change molecular biology more than the last 20 years of science .
and it is only natural selection , and we can go to the
this is a recording of what we work on , which you actually sit down and design new species on the computer
you know , we don 't exactly know what it will look like we know exactly what their genetic code will look like
we are now concentrating on the fourth generation 's
they 've recently seen corn to ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we have , we have , of the third generation , which will soon come out , which will have more , more , more , more , more , more , more .
but , as we think , the only way for biology to have a great influence with no further increase in the cost of food or the restriction of its availability is when we see co2 as carbon , and so we work on the cells that go this way
and we think that we will be the first with the fourth generation , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all sorts of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996
he lives in the depths of the sea , about 500 miles deep , near boiling water .
it converts co2 into methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we see if we can use compressed co2 , which could simply be converted into carbon dioxide , convert co2 into fuel to power this process .
within a short time period we believe we may be able to solve one of life 's most basic questions .
you know , we have really , really , really , really , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
but just as we are working at the same time to apply the same approaches to the development of the
you 've seen it this year with the flu , we 're always a year behind and a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by making a ... a ... a ... a ...
this is what the future could possibly look like , with changes , can today , the , uh , process can be accelerated today with synthetic bacteria , with synthetic bacteria , synthetic bacteria ,
we are light years away from improving people and our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly .
at the last ted conference , at the last ted conference ,
and i promised to come back to tell you how the machine works .
and for all those who were not there , the is the most scientific experiment ever attempted .
his task is to create the conditions , which were less than a second , after the beginning of the universe and up to 600 million times within a second .
it 's just incredibly ambitious .
this is the plane below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
he calls himself " the atlas detector " 44 meters in the wide , 22 meters in diameter .
this is a spectacular picture of the atlas in the design so that you can see the
on september 10 , last year , the machine was on for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused a great joy in the control room .
it is a picture of the first day of the first day , which , all the way around the time , deliberately collided with a part of the motion detector , to let a rain of particles on the surface .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10 , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this has caused the greatest of cheers , or this , when someone visited the google site and found it so .
it means we have reached a cultural influence near the scientific .
about a week later there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires , these golden wires here
these are the wires that run the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now , the engineers among you will look at them and say , " no , they do not .
they can afford it , because if you take it down very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
at minus 271 degrees , so colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections , between over 200 , 000 magnets in the central system , there was a ...
it makes the wires heat up slightly and slightly , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this was the result .
well , this is all even more impressive if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and then they move about six inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove what we did .
we fixed them , fixed them .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the war will be restored .
we will turn it on and expect to gather first dates in june or july and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , of course , in a way such accidents will once again spark the debate for the value of science and science at such borders .
i think the fact that it is so hard , the fact that we reach beyond our borders makes the value of things as the .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but of course it is more than that .
it is also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that will ever change .
however , recently , something strange has happened in my life and my career that has made me completely reconsider my connection to this work .
the result is that no matter where i go i will be treated as if i were doomed
seriously - - doomed !
for , for example , you come to me worried and say , " don 't you fear that you will never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever ,
aren 't you afraid that you will spend your whole life and you will never again create a book that anyone in the world cares about ?
okay , that 's really brave .
people said , " don 't you fear never to succeed ?
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you will pursue this trade your whole life and nothing will ever come and that you will die on a pile of broken dreams your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure
something like , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is yes
yeah , i 'm afraid of all those things .
and i always have .
and i fear many more things that no one would know .
like algae and other scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i think about it recently and i wonder why ?
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should be expected , that he is afraid to do the work that he is called ?
and what exactly is wrong with creative enterprises , that they make us unsure of each other 's mental state in a way others do not ?
my father , for example , was a chemist and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist asking if he was afraid to be a chemist
how are you doing ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemists , for over the centuries , have not received the call of the violent manic-depressive people .
we writers seem to have that kind of reputation , but not only the writers , but the creative in all the genre , seem to have that call , mentally unstable .
all you have to do is look at the bitter ... of really great minds of the 20th century ... who died young and often by their own hands .
and even those who did not actually commit suicide seemed to have really been neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said , just before he died in his last interview , that every one of my books killed me a little further .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea for you all right ?
do you feel comfortable with that ?
i find you repulsive .
and i find it dangerous and i don 't want to see it taken over into the next century .
i think it better that we encourage our great creative to live .
and i definitely know that for me , in my situation , it would be very dangerous to begin this dark path of guess , especially in the fact that i am currently in my career .
you see , i am , i am only about 40 years old
i may have another 40 in me .
and it is most likely that everything that i write from now on will be judged by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last book
i say it plainly , because we are all friends here now we are all friends it is most likely that my greatest success is behind me
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 in the morning .
i would rather continue doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the year , it seems to me that , in order to continue to write , i have to design some sort of psychological construct .
somehow from now on i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between me and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the written will be .
this quest led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece , in ancient greece and rome , people did not believe that human creativity comes from man , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a kind of a kind of divine god , who , for a distant , unknown source , comes to man for unknown , unknown reasons .
the greeks used to call these divine demons of the , uh , the , uh ,
it is known by socrates that he believed he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of a , like a , like a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , a , like a , a , a , like , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that is brilliant - there it is , there is the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked , right ?
the artist of the master was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
when your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take credit for yourself , everyone knew that you had a genius who helped you .
when your work ... not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a bit lame .
that 's how people in the west have thought about creativity for a long time .
it is the beginning of the rational and the people began to believe that creativity came completely from the individual .
for the first time in history , people call this or this artist a genius ... instead of that he has a genius .
i must tell you i think it was a big mistake
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
the whole , deformed and twisted , and it creates all these impossible expectations of success .
i think that this is the man who destroyed our artists for the last 500 years .
and if that is true and i think it is true the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps to an ancient understanding of the relationship between man and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
perhaps , for 500 years , we can not wipe out the idea of a rational , rational , rational , in a more rational lecture .
and surely there are certain people in this audience who would really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , would
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this journey .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think so ?
because it makes just as much sense as anything else i 've ever heard about when it was about explaining the totally insane , totally insane ,
a trial , which , as everyone knows , who has ever tried to do something , in other words , everyone here , is not always sensible
as a matter of fact , sometimes it can feel almost as if it can be .
she said it was like a passing train from air ,
who would take over the land upon them .
she felt when it came , for it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew that in such a moment she could only do one thing , and that was , in her words ,
and then there were these moments i will never forget that part she said there were moments when she almost missed it
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
on these occasions , the poem came in perfect and intact on paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was scary , it 's just how my creative process goes
this is nothing like my creative process
to be able to work i have to get up every day at the same time every day and sweat , toil , work and really , really uncomfortable .
but even i , i , myself , i , i , i , i , i , myself , sometimes i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had work , or ideas that came from a source through me that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we live in a relationship without losing our minds , but to , on the contrary , to keep us in sanity ?
for me , the best living example of how this can be done by a musician , tom waits , i was allowed to interview him for a magazine a few years ago .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist , who tried to control these uncontrollable creative impulses that had lived in him and to deal with them .
but then he grew older and more calm and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed for him .
he has no piece of paper , he has no pen , he has no tape recorder .
so it begins , this old anguish in him , like i will lose this thing and will be forever haunted by this song
i 'm not good enough , i can 't .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished all the thought and did something completely new .
he just looked up into the sky and said , " i 'm sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ?
do i look like i could write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a more convenient time when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today
go and torture leonard cohen
he changed his whole life .
not the work itself , it was always as dark as ever
there could have been a strange , strange , strange , strange , strange ... a kind of a conversation between tom and the strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange , strange ,
when i heard that story , it changed the way i worked and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of times .
i started to think that i should just take the project back .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken into the open sky and i tried .
so i lifted my gaze from the manuscript and i said my comment towards an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you and i both know if this book is not brilliant , that it is not entirely my fault , right ?
i have no more than that
so if you want better , you have to come here and keep your end of the deal .
okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , fuck with it .
i 'm still gonna keep writing because that 's my job .
and i would like for the record that i was here today for my part of the job
for at the end , it is at the end , centuries ago , in the deserts of the great , the people who have gathered together , with holy dances and music that have been held for hours until dawn
these parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something very special happened , and one of the cast was , in fact ,
and i know that you know what i mean , because i know that you have all in your life seen such a performance .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer walked through a sort of door , he did nothing different than he ever did , a thousand nights before , but it all came together .
and suddenly , he no longer appeared human .
it was lit from the inside and lit from the below and all through a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was , they called it by his name .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , done by allah , ol , ol , allah , great , great , bravo , bravo , it is , a glimpse of god .
and that 's great , because we need that .
but , the tricky part comes the next morning when the dancer wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he no longer has a spark of god in him .
he is but an aging mortal with aching knees and perhaps he will never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name when he turns but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most practical adjustments of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain if you didn 't believe from the beginning that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence came from you .
perhaps if you only believe that you are on loan from an unimaginable source for an exquisite time of your life passed on to someone else when you are done .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
so i began to think , and so i think , for the past few months , while i have been working on the book which will soon appear as the dangerous , terrifying , highly anticipated successor of my awesome
what i have to say to myself all the time when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
continue to be there for your contribution , whatever he may be .
when your job is dancing , dance .
if the stupid , divine genius , who is by your side will decide , for a moment , to show a touch of wonder by your efforts , then by your efforts ,
and if not , dance your dance
and ole ole , for you in spite of all
i believe in it and i feel we should teach .
for you , in spite of all , for you have the mere human love and the willful , to be there .
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice cap , which , for nearly three million years , was the size of the lower 48 ,
but this is not strong enough to express the seriousness of this particular problem because it does not show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the beating heart of our global warming .
it grows in winter and shrinks in summer
the next slide that i will show you is a piece that has happened in the last 25 years .
it is marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue , which is the annual ice cream of winter , and it shrinks in summer .
the , what is called , five years old or older , is almost like blood from the body .
in 25 years it will have disappeared from here to here
this is a problem , as the warming thaws the frozen cause of the arctic ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , when it thaws ,
now , compared to the total amount of ... .. of ... .. in the atmosphere , ... .. this amount could double if we cross that critical point .
even today , in some flat lakes in alaska , methane bubbles from the water itself .
professor katie walter , from the university of alaska , went to another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how will we be ?
and one reason is that this vast ocean of greenland from the north .
this is a ...
but the volume is much bigger than ever .
this is the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
if you want to know how the sea sea level rises through the sea here it flows into the sea
these rivers are rapidly increasing .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the world 's largest oil fields .
last month , researchers have reported that the entire continent now has a negative
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the
this is about 20 feet north , like greenland .
in the himalayas , in the himalayas , in the himalayas , they see new lakes , which were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world will get half of their share from this .
in the andes , this glacier is the island of this city .
the , uh ...
but when it is dry , most of the drinking water will dry up .
in california in california , a 40 or 40 in the west coast of the sierra .
this concerns the , uh ...
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this dehydration all over the world causes a dramatic increase in fire .
and the disasters all over the world have , in a really , really , really , really , and have never , ever put on a more serious scale .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a very , very , very , very ,
if you look at this in the historical context you can see what it does .
in the last five years , we have produced 70 million tons of co2 , each 24 hours 25 million tons , 25 million tons a day into the oceans .
look carefully at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent to the west and west of the indian river , where there is a drastic drop in the sea .
the biggest factor for global warming , next to logging , which is 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states of america is one of the top two of the world , along with china .
and the proposal was to build many more , many more .
but we begin to see a change .
here are those who have been painted over the last few years with some green alternatives that have been suggested .
there is a political debate in our country
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
this image reminded me of something .
walking around christmas , at my home in tennessee , a billion tons of ...
they probably saw it on the news .
this is , in all of our country , the world of the world , the world of america 's most famous
this happened at christmas .
one of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
frosty the ' frosty ' is a jolly , jolly , jolly fellow
there is in abundance in america and it helps our economy grow
frosty , frosty , every day , every day , it gets cleaner .
it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is .
this is the source of the most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful coal miner is the head of massey coal .
let me be very clear .
so the alliance for the united nations has launched two campaigns .
this is one , part of her .
in the environmental crisis , climate change is a serious danger to our business .
which is why we have set ourselves to the top , to spend a considerable amount of money to get a promotion going to the truth about coal .
the fact is , money is not dirty .
we think she 's clean she smells good
don 't worry about climate change .
leave it to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so , let 's take a tour of these modern , clean , clean , clean ,
this machine is very loud .
but it is the sound of the ... the sound of the ...
and yet the burning of coal of coal is one of the most powerful for global warming , the remarkably clean , which you see here changes everything .
take a good look at this , this is today , this is the , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this , this is , this , this , this is , this is , this , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this , this is , this , this is
finally , the positive alternative is mixed with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security ,
the red thread that binds all of them together is our dependence on , like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there is a brave , new solution to free us from this predicament .
america , with 100 % clean electricity , will again , within the next 10 years
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems
find out more .
this is the last .
it 's a question of a question from america .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , dirty , corrupt , who is suffocating our world .
the future is here , wind , sun and a new power system
new investments to create well paid jobs .
it is time to embrace reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together
we must go far and fast
thank you .
i would like to begin by asking you to remember the time of your childhood , when you were playing with you .
while they realized how to reach out and reach out to the hands and touch and move , they have actually learned to think and to solve problems by understanding and changing the
the spatial thinking is closely connected to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to study the answer and to study the answer .
in short , a computer system is a computer the size of a computer .
they can be moved with their hands , they can perceive each other , they can capture their movements and they have a screen and a screen .
more importantly , they are physically , which is why , like blocks , you can move them through the reach of your hands and reach .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the
and when these tools become physical and develop a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the intricacies of our relationship with them , then we can begin with the exploration of new and entertaining
i 'll start with a few simple ...
this is the , this is the set for the set , and if i smoke it in one direction , the video will play forward and if i drop it in the other direction , it will go backwards .
and these ... these ... these ... these ...
so when i put them next to each other , it makes you interested .
when you are surrounded , you also notice and you can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and affection .
an interesting result of the interactions which we began to recognize was that we could use everyday gestures on dates , like to , like , you know , to , like , you know , you know , you know , like , you know , you know , you know ,
in this case , we have , in this case , we have , we have , we have , in this case , we have , we have , in this case , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have ,
if we go too far , we can go a little further .
there are also also some nice opportunities in education , like language , mathematics , or mathematics , where we give people the opportunity of a quick study and want to see the results immediately .
here i am ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ...
this is a game with words that is kind of a combination of scrabble and boggle .
basically , each round , each round , each and every round , you just happen to get letters , and while you try to form words , they are tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new method of testing and new .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a field trip , i could get them to try it and make a video .
you really loved it .
an interesting fact in this kind of applications is you don 't have to give people many instructions .
all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
there are a few more people here to test it .
this is our youngest , youngest , down there on the right .
turns out he was just , uh , just , uh , he was just , uh , he was , uh , just , uh , he was , uh ... he was just , uh ... he was just , uh ...
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive computer program .
we were going to develop a special training program for the
this is felix .
he can bring in new characters in the scene , by lifting off the top of the table that shows this character .
here it makes the sun rise
the sun rises
now he 's getting a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the leaf and laying it together he can make the characters interact ...
make up his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end and he can decide how it will evolve .
flying cat .
the last example for which i now have the time to show it today is a very special example for which we have recently developed , and in which we have , in which i have the time to show it today , is a
each has four different variations , one can choose which to use .
and you can put these notes into the sequence which , in turn , you can order in random patterns .
and you eat it , by simply holding a ... a ...
there are effects that can be changed live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone and then you set it to set .
and then even greater effects such as speed and volume , which you apply to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we begin by , in which we , in which we , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , put the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
now i add a bass .
now i 'm gonna do some drums .
and now i connect the filter with the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by moving the speed one way or the other .
and now i connect the filter with the bass for a little more expression .
i can change the sequence as it goes .
it doesn 't make me plan them in advance , but i can improvise , prolong or shorten them .
and in closing , i can block out the entire sequence by leaning the left turn .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop a new form of a better match to how our brains and bodies work .
and today i have had time to show you a part of this new and some of the possibilities of what we work on in our lab .
the thought that i would give to you on the way is that we are on the threshold of this new generation of human interaction with digital media that will bring information into our world that meets our needs .
thank you
i look forward to talking to you all !
hello
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , well , what is it ?
i have to give up a little , a little , a little bit of molecular biology , which , in fact , is very , very busy with modern biology .
i 've been studying molecular biology and i 've been studying molecular biology for a couple of years now , and i started it because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , what i learned in my study .
that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to matter .
i think that in general , in the biology of biology in general now , in general speaking , biotechnology , all that matters is synthetic biology and so on ,
what is important is that now is important and more , more , more , more , more important in the future .
there 's so much controversial stuff like all these genetically engineered plants on the floor .
there are now craig venter in the oil fields , trying to make fuel from algae .
among then there are things that have arrived in everyday life , which most people are not aware of , for example , those who allow us to do laundry with 40 degrees , are also genetically engineered .
and the list can go on forever .
and so , out of the interest in this in this technology , i went further in there .
so why hack now ?
most people know that most people know that from the people in the world .
computer hacking , and then in the media , it 's like , yeah , hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
it 's kind of sad , it 's , you know , it 's kind of sad , you know , because it 's not what it 's actually started and what 's behind .
and although , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' , the ' the ' 70s , the ' , the ' the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the ' , the '
and it 's about , in a creative , creative , original way to solve a problem .
and it 's just , it 's just , you know , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
but it is also a code , and you can program it , and you can also hack it , and i find it incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get into it much deeper .
in fact , it only took , like , two thousand eight really , really like , these networks .
there is , there is , there is , there is , there is , dot dot dot , that is , originally from switzerland , that is , with europe , and with cooperation in india ,
but it 's what it 's all about , you know , to find such an easy access , to have such an easy , easy way to deal with .
and then there 's , like , dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot , dot dot dot , dot , dot , dot , dot .
it 's a network , it 's actually more like a forum where you meet and discuss online .
they 're a bit more technical , a bit more technical , and they also have a bit of , you know , applied questions .
and based on these networks that have made it all popular , this is the kind of scene that i want to paint for a moment .
here , on the left , on the top , on the top , on the left , you see , it 's a school , it 's a sort of a private school , it 's a community , it 's a community ,
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what can you do when they look at these
there 's a group down here on the left down here on the left in indonesia
longer than these other two networks .
they also deal in such an artistic aspect with biological materials , and , yes , and , yes , and combine them in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
and i , upstairs in the other picture , i have a lecture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition
and that is , yes , that is most of that are young people , but the only thing that unites you is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it , and what you can do with it , you are so , so , so , what do you know what do you want to do ?
so , okay , to hack biology now , you need some kind of material .
of course , you need biological materials , but you also need tools and this is a lab .
or , what you normally understand under a laboratory , these are , like , really , really , very expensive , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and our approach was just to say , okay , you don 't have to .
that 's not really necessary , because each and every one of us has , in fact , more advanced technology than most of us .
and " s " o " with the premise of the premise , " then , for example , brian , in england , was trying to put together a " a " , " a " , a " hot , " and " yes , "
so anyone who has ever had a soup that he has left for too long has done before .
i tried to expand a little bit in my lab at home , and then i bought on ebay , and i did a bit of , you know , a bit of , you know , a , you know , a ...
and this is , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , this is , uh , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , uh , uh , uh , this is , this is , this ,
and , yes , well , you see , it is a relatively relative , so there are people who do it alone in their own home , up to large and larger organizations , who have , in a way ,
who are we , who are we , what do we want , what do we want ?
and what are our values and what are our , what is our , what is our
and that 's when we , you know , we , you know , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , uh ... we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
that was rather intuitive , so everyone has simply expressed their wishes , their and what moves them , then .
there , in my opinion , was a very good code .
and then we have it , it 's not binding , but that 's just , i think , it 's pretty well done , people are pretty sure
and then we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't .
well , i think that we , from the university , are one step further than the academic world .
what projects are we doing now ?
a project that i made myself with the special in switzerland , was that we wanted to create a trap , or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we ,
and i 'm sorry it didn 't work , but we learned a lot .
some other project from the french group in paris , it worked , it 's pretty cool .
and he 's got , like , a , you know , kind of a , you know , kind of , you know , sort of , you know , like , a , you know , you know , you know , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like ,
he then made this this this helmet and in cooperation with the museum it worked .
then the visitors could enter the room , sit on this chair , wear this helmet .
then their brain waves were measured by their brain waves , and depending on what they thought or what they thought , then they turned on different lights in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that has to do with this , this is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , is the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so the point is to copy genes , to replicate genes , to reproduce , to make them visible .
and the machines that do something like that , they are very expensive , which you buy in commercial , the cheapest go at 4,000 euros .
and that 's just not in the , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
well , it 's just an application of many to do with it .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but in any case , now it 's still not cheap yet , but it is definitely in a frame where it will be more clearly .
in my opinion , it is a great hack .
a project that i had started the other day was to build a factory
it 's , like , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , a , like , like , like , like , like , a , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , like , like , like , a ... like , like , like , a ... like , a ... like , like , a ... like , a
you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them , you load them up , and then you put them into this ,
the device you see , it didn 't work .
but this is my , like , my , like , my prototype , but it looked pretty awesome on a branch like this , the thing on it , the electronics on it and the pressure on it , but the pressure was too high ,
and then i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ...
when you fill it full of water , you put enough pressure on it , so i think about 40 or 40 or 40 or 50 .
and with that , you can speed up the particles strong enough and then they go in into the onion .
and the commercial , it 's , like , it 's , like , it 's , you know , it 's , you know , it 's , you know , it 's , like ... it 's , like ... it 's , like ... it 's like , like ...
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that , at the moment , is that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
because , as i said in the beginning , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people don 't know very little about it , and they don 't have a chance to form really well .
because , if you only read about it , it 's not the same as when you 've done it or seen it .
and i think technology is becoming more and more important in our modern society .
and if , as a fellow citizen , you can also make meaningful decisions in society and want to have a say , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you also have to do and understand , to do and to understand .
and then the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
it is that , as a citizen , you are in a position to deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is the ... this is the ...
these are the people who have at least officially registered on the website ,
that 's a fairly substantial number of people around the world .
and it is also interesting that you are also represented in southeast asia .
i think there are less people there than actually exist .
i know of some who have not signed up .
and now these are just the people , the individual .
some of them , too , along with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
this is the beginning .
like i said , it just started .
and so , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the
and this has now become a giant network of very good , very good , yes , the world , represented everywhere .
and , of course , we hope , that we will spread , and then we will also be equally well connected , so that more people can get involved .
and i would invite anyone once to deal with it and to try something for themselves .
it 's not so simple now , but it 's not impossible , if you have enough curiosity to put enough energy into it , you can go far .
thanks for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do people work ?
it is a question that i am very moved as a designer , but also in the area in the most important of the user experience .
it 's about how you run into people in the mainstream media , so that they can use this media , and to create a most experienced .
because i believe that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and that 's very amazing , because you actually believe that the , that the , that you meet , that it actually brings you into the future , but in fact the future is that the future is with us
what are archaic models ?
i once wrote down four and i would like to explain .
in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
one of these model models is that we , in principle , have a natural relationship with the
that sounds unusual in principle .
but i will do it again , and i will prove to you by trying to prove to you that you , too , have a natural relationship with the
the second aspect is that we have been able to speak a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very speaking , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the mainstream media is , by definition , the denial of the " negative " , which , of course , tells us that we , today , feel the media as normal .
the fourth point is that history for us is a place for us to be .
what 's it like now , the one with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
let me prove it to you .
how many doors have the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer that right off the bat , but here 's what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
you walk in spirit through this house in which you live and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what they do .
the reality of reality , without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and then we try to make an effort to make the reality of the virtual reality in our reality , we can do it all the time .
and these , these , these , these , these , these , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
they had no books .
or they didn 't have any .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in that head was the memory of the memory .
in this head , knowledge was called , and with the help of these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge was passed .
and that is why it is so deeply rooted in us that we can so well deal with the
the interesting thing is , if i can take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , at the same time , man was also a medium and medium .
now , if you think a little more .
what are media today ?
then they will notice that there has been a change .
but i 'll get right to that .
the most important tools of the trade has always been stories .
a shaman , a priest , known as a priest , were specially set to keep knowledge in stories .
and even today , we are still very , very , very , very strong with stories .
according to the author of the book of the " animal " , jonathan " , according to the author of the book , " we are still ,
that means for a child who has spent most of his life with the reception of stories .
now we think that our love for stories is that when we were children we sat on our parents ' laps
no , no , far from .
it goes much further back , in the cultures of the darkest times .
for me , however , in the area of the media is particularly impressive , that we have , by ourselves , in our biological memory , the ability to think .
i have brought you an example of the north american tribe of the north american .
and they lived in the british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very common area , and you had to somehow navigate from island to island to get food .
and they did this with what they call " the " the " .
you might know that too , if you 're a little interested in that , from the australian .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have a , they don 't have , they used the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
and what the most interesting thing about it is that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
to whom the language was subject to the rank of superior .
it means you can hear the sounds and the rhythm .
and these sounds , and this rhythm , the geology , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
why don 't we sing no more to come from top to b ?
at least not to navigate .
what happened ?
what has happened is that this is what is so
we have moved before in the what we call the
what happened happened was the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
this is what has happened that we have the responsibility for our memories and our own production of our individual memories on external media .
the book and the picture .
so , unfortunately , we , god , have lost a bit of practice .
he has become a stranger to us and has nothing to do with reality .
from the top to the top to the top .
what influences our thinking and our memories ?
then these are the most powerful influences in the ancient cultures .
over the centuries , more and more have been signed over by the influences of the world .
which means , instead of remembering individually , we have , we have , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
we no longer produce ourselves .
we have an abstract language .
we can no longer imagine things in pictures we no longer think of things in pictures , but we can teach you our language
we got used to things happening linear .
and we have accepted the law , and there are only exceptions , such as , for example ,
what we have left is what is left of us .
we are still , we are , in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
the question is , what now ?
we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , and we are now , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
it sounds very , very , very , very , very like science fiction , i know .
but these , the concepts of the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it 's about , it 's about , it 's about , it 's about , it 's about ...
let me explain .
there are , like , technical concepts like , like , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , the , you know , the ,
of course , as crazy as it may sound in the context of my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my , my .
and others a different example are the most intelligent , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can react intelligent to a man .
all that requires the ability to accept our fundamental capacity as a real living .
i have finished , and i hope the video works , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , this is , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and the two are here today .
maybe you can get up for a moment so they can talk about the project at recess .
and i brought this project , as an example of how to be addressed again by this ...
the whole thing is a game .
which , of course , is extremely , and it is a computer game .
and when i say computer games , you are very likely to see that some people in front of any consoles or that they are playing with any console in hand .
in any case you do that in there .
this is a game for outside .
and that 's what i was meant to discover the outside world , that i am discovering the real world again .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce with the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you can explain it even better , there 's more to it .
it 's about me discovering a city by seeing which places the positive or negative was tweeted .
and so i , from the city , i see a very different view , a completely different , and i see the negative and positive areas of a city , and in this way i get a very different , virtual map of a very real city .
let 's have a look .
ah , what you can see here , i 'm sorry , is a small explanation of what you see .
of course this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
i am very happy to be with you .
i have just been asked if this bastard is a talking sack and mine will speak instead .
he won 't .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but so far i 'm a bit curious .
yes , children are naturally curious or should be curious , designers are , too .
i am , i am from the house , so i , of course , i am also interested in the subject of curiosity and how is curiosity also changing our thinking , and why should we also lose curiosity and have to drink it again and again
it 's a whole series of things that you deal with when you 're in the real world .
when professors get curious , they often get to be in some sort of a ...
and this is what i had in the last six months .
it 's a reference to the natural use interface design .
now you ask yourself , why do all of these people start to deal with so natural , so natural , and so on and so on .
and then i think only one of these little devices up , because things are always meant to be more natural , more natural , more natural , and you just have to see , what is natural to us people , what is natural or intuitive .
so i 've been busy , when is what is natural or intuitive ?
might have to take another look .
why is this happening ?
so if we take a look at the development of our society for a moment , we will now move from the third to the fourth or the fourth .
so , from the modern to the
every society is formed by a special power .
in the beginning , it was the language .
it means that you have found yourself , by speaking a common language , you can communicate with each other , have moved into the same cave , or in other areas , have formed cities , or towns , or villages ,
but the language was the language , something very natural , something very living .
even though you had to learn , so no child can speak from nature , but we learn to speak from it .
it was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of the abstraction .
it was , of course , it was a , it was , because , of course , the living language was to manifest itself in the form of writing , which means what , which is fluid and alive , i start , and then i put it into stone
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , it is , of course , a completely different story , as if one is alive , so to speak .
but it was then he who then drew this , this , this , this , this .
then came the next generation , in which we are , in which we are now , more primary .
this is the print print and print printed print with gutenberg and others .
in those days , it was also an insult when the nobility , the clergy , the clergy and the others said , " are you crazy , when the people start to read , they want to talk about it later , and of course it is totally fatal .
it , of course , totally gets us all confused because on one side we see the new media ,
and these two two worlds are now banging on each other , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing about it is , when you look at this , this new society , this , this , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
now not at the local level , but on a global level .
we understand that the weather is global .
that the theme of ecology is a global .
not if i think it 's better if i think it 's better and the neighbour thinks it 's better , it doesn 't .
it means that from the local village , a global village has become the same , with the same principles , as , as natural , as intuitive , but also total transparency .
just as you knew in the village , who was with whom and when , this is happening today , through the expansion of our ourselves through this mobile , on a global level .
let it be that we know that we , know that we , know that we , that we , know that we , that we , know , grow and grow and grow .
just as it used to happen in the village
before i was in the background i was so busy watching , what does it mean , what is natural for us , what have we forgotten , what is it , what is it , what is it is to see , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is , what is ,
because people often come , they can 't do it so that everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , what does that mean , not just change it that it is different , but it should be better
you get busy , even in your studies , with the subject of perception and perception .
and that , of course , is something where you start and you look and you say , okay , now i just look inside .
what does it look like in there ?
so how do we work when we look inside ?
and what is , of course , of course , intuitive and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive processing work ?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig to understand how it works
so you really have to look in detail , if i want to do something more or more intuitive , what does that mean in the core .
and watching how we process information , how do we record information ?
what is information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
many people use the word , but don 't know what it means in detail .
but i need to understand at the core , to understand in nature , when will information , when will information become information and information and information , so that i know how to make things as intuitive or as possible
and , of course , how , of course , how , how , by design , can influence perception .
so much more natural in a jar , but i can see straight where is salt and pepper
and when i say to someone , give me some salt or pepper , he 'll think to the right , where it is .
and , by the left , feel , intuitive , and then , hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , pass the salt .
but even our own perception , how can it deceive us ?
like that perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little one , although that is not the case , but they are the same as the same , and yet our perception changes the way we put things .
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
should still function .
my glasses .
it 's a circle .
a second circle is already beginning to , like , a certain resemblance to , or to , you know , to ...
that 's what they call a " a " or " a " or " a " or " a " , which , in turn , affects us in perception .
it 's important for the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
often in the third , then forgotten again .
but it is an essential and important part , if you want to make things as well as possible intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting is that of the .
it sounds a bit trite , but it 's so exciting when you 're closer .
so we have eyes in front and now they think we look from front to back .
this is wrong .
you look from back to front .
you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ... you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
it means that we must first see our , before we see it , put it back in the back of the back of our , to say , okay ,
i have , like , a cognitive , you have something you want to see .
it will be there , it will come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front , and says , " now , please look again and make sure what you see is what you want to see
and then it goes back to the back , and then they see it .
so a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
i don 't know which of you know this picture .
this is exactly what i just described .
now everyone from this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
does anyone see anything in particular ?
a dalmatian , right .
once i saw that , that there was a dalmatian inside , you know that .
you 'll never forget because i 'll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
go on , now you always see him .
it means that i have , in fact , now that you no longer see a pattern in there , but i have conditioned you , within a very short time , to see this dog again and again .
and this is this projection of the brain , feedback , see .
now i know , and now i look forward to seeing the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
it 's a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
when i know it takes me three seconds to , from the present to the , to the , to the , to , i can also do a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
he has to deal with it as the present .
then it goes back to the past , and so i can , in a very elegant way , wait on the computer when i know this phenomenon .
what takes 25 milliseconds ?
yes , milliseconds .
quite a fascinating phenomenon too .
that 's when you fall in love .
that means , if you know that now , be careful who you look at for how long , because i don 't accept a weapon for what can happen .
and sixteen , and sixteen milliseconds , also an exciting phenomenon .
this is the time period of most of the perceptions we have .
it means that this first impression happens at a rapid speed , as we perceive things .
and no matter how we see things , what we look for , and how we , we , in a way , protect ourselves against our environment so that we can think it over .
of course , of course , it is not only the subject of sensory and sensory and sensory , but primarily , of course , with the subject of the brain .
so how does a man deal with certain things according to .
there once there are , there are , there are , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
there are places where i know exactly where to reach
but there is also a symbolic function , why does someone give for such a small purse , where nothing can fit , such a rich hum of money , even though it is not so convenient ?
there we are more on the symbolic of the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
now , back to my main topic of natural use and the subject of , of course , which , of course , of course , of course , is ...
how can i reach a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a certain , most effective , effective , efficient and satisfying achieve a goal .
more like the norm .
how can i do something i can do as i please ?
i need a manual or i need a proper training
and less , or less , it is .
it is not that i make it the only other way i make it and make it more beautiful , it is not that it is better that it is .
you have to understand .
it is not in the intuitive sense that since apple it is not , is it not , it is not , it is not , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is not , it is , it is , it is , it is , it is not , that , is , that , is , that , is , that , is , that , is , is , is , that , that , is , that , is , is , is , that , is ,
why ?
because , usually , by this new type of , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
you have to imagine that if you do something of the classical , it takes five hours , and with this new nature of natural software only an hour .
it doesn 't mean that you can probably go home four hours sooner , but your employer , or anyone else can think of how he will keep you for four hours .
but what i 'm trying to say is that , of course , for us , it is , of course , that it is for us to achieve certain things .
then when we go back to the software , the first command line , which was very abstract where it took months to deal with these systems .
and then the next , who , by now , have been working with a neural model or mental model such as the software , who have been working , would have an idea of something , the metaphor , the metaphor of a desktop ,
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic codes , but a metaphor .
this has done it a lot more , but , of course , much better .
now , the next generation of the world 's most , the next generation of the world , is now much more , much more .
so this is where i , as a fashion show , is a much more often the behavior than looks .
it 's also one of those .
that all of a sudden , i suddenly , that i look no matter no matter what the success of the success , and that i , the
and then if i take one more step into this natural user , that i , by voice , by speech , by touch , by touch , by touch , and not by mouse , and i have to control things , i am faster and even more
but that also leads me back to the point , when are things actually going to be ?
when they become more and then i have to try again my little friend here and look , what does that , from the point of view of the
and that , for us people , is always a little intuitive when i think as little as possible .
so apparently he doesn 't like to think , he wants to make it easy .
the less i think about it , the more i think about it , the more it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that means , when we see that we , in the existing , can , from one to another , like the metaphor , then i can use that as a ...
it means i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , i can , like ,
of course , of course , the question is , what is , what is , what is , what is , the most , the most , the most , the most ...
this is what is known as the
every one of us uses it , and it is an acronym and is for direction , direction , information ,
that 's what every one of them does all the time , but he does it unconsciously , and , in a way , intuitive , or in part , instinctively .
the model is already in the mother 's womb , and it works in the world , young and old , and is used by us all the time , without most of us knowing that the model is present .
it is about 50 or 50 times , or more , from each of us , when we sleep , we have found that it will be less often than a day .
i can now , i can now , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and through this kind of transference , similar to the metaphor of the , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor , a metaphor of a , a , a , a , a ,
and this is on a higher , higher , higher , the , higher , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
then i can transfer the whole .
i 'll see if i can get it from a .
everybody 's already eaten cake .
i now , so to speak , i with the object , i can zoom in again , zoom in .
i get all the overview , now i can filter and can say , just show me all the chocolate , for example .
and suddenly i have an interface , which is much more and much more natural .
i want to help you to a certain aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot learn .
that is why all who are here and are curious , are indeed people who have a quality that cannot be learned .
i now care about , in fact , to make this whole world , the end of the world , the end of 40 years .
and there 's a central point .
and it depends on phosphorus .
give pee a chance
every day , they give , and they give , like , two grams of phosphorus and every day they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can have no teeth .
they cannot save power .
you can 't have bones .
we could only , as the , as the , as the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in fact , if we don 't put any phosphorus in and give in .
it is , amazingly , it is that we are here to deal with something that is , but is not .
they all talk about energy , but no one talks about power .
the pressure is much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we only have two years of phosphorous for two years , and now , by the river of the world , more uranium is brought into the environment than is used in all .
in the last 20 years alone , in the last 20 years , there have been many tons of uranium in our fields in germany .
and we record it all .
it does leukemia for children .
and we think we would protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
for example , protect the environment , drive less cars .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , less energy .
that 's no protection .
it 's like if i say , protect your child , beat it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from the cradle to the stretcher from the cradle , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later
to think from the cradle to the cradle
and the most important thing is to look at the ground first .
in the floor is over 60 % of the total .
right now , we grow corn , and we lose between 11 and 30 pounds 30 tons and 30 tons per acre , or at the square foot .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than is being newly formed .
we can , of course , take a look at the
and everything is packaging or contents .
for example , at the age of 20 % of the sex is now diapers .
and because we get older , makes the diapers grow bigger .
they are , so to speak , they are all in the
yes ?
a baby needs , like , a baby needs , like , a baby 's , like , a baby 's , like , a baby 's , like , a baby 's , like , a baby 's , like ,
we could , of course , reduce it by ten percent , but what does that do ?
that will be settled in china in one second .
it doesn 't matter .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here is the proof that men are not pigs .
let me tell you .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs over the solid matter .
with the people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because it 's full , right ?
we , in the traditional we think , we are too many in the world
and when you give to people who , when you give to people , when you say that it is better that you are not there , they become more and more and more .
and so says someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there is nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in israel they say that if you save a man 's life you save the earth
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on the earth , the ants weigh about four times more than us .
i could get termites , but in the united states nobody likes termites that far , even though they 're vegetarians .
that means the ants weigh more than us .
and because they work physically harder than us , and because they only live three to six months , they are in their weight , in energy consumption , 30 billion people .
we are not too many , we are too stupid
they can only be as if they don 't exist .
the only chance .
have you ever seen a fallen tree ?
yes ?
one ?
that means all our intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than trees .
yes ?
not a tree is a tree .
luckily not .
there are no trees .
there are 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
have you ever heard of any of these ?
that means all our intelligence means that we want to be dumber than trees .
and where you can see , even with something like a , like a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
every year we lose about three million tons of phosphorous that would have to go back to the
we are too many .
alone above .
it means that we feel so guilty on the earth that we say there is no , there is no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
i 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful when it comes to ...
but where are we useful ?
we try to minimize our ecological footprint , but it 's about having a large footprint that is useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it is best not to be there .
yes ?
you can only have , if you 're not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they would have emissions .
you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we do farming in brazil where we get the nutrients .
that way we can get the nutrients back in agriculture .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the waste from it .
in china , in china , a chamber pot in which a chamber pot in which a chamber pot in which a chamber pot in china is now called a chamber pot in which , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients
it means that the whole western world of the western world is that the city has only taken , but never returned to the peasants .
the cities had to grow more and more , because the farmers went into the cities and the cities had to go further and the towns had to take their nutrients .
that 's why all western empires are always expanding until they have not completed the infrastructure and then they implode .
yes ?
china was different .
they have managed for over five thousand years , for they were able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when they are invited to dinner in china , they expect to stay until they go to the toilet
because it 's rude to go and take the nutrients .
she was invited to have dinner , not to have dinner .
that means you can see on the internet how to reclaim the nutrients .
and the great thing about it is that crime in the slums goes back over 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , to be as little bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
it is , of course , of course it is , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are so designed by the design that a farmer can just farm them .
that means that 's how the , uh ...
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the past 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could so easily just throw in a liter of , and then it would be ruined for years .
it 's not happening .
it means we don 't have to control people , not to be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we must return the phosphorus .
and , by the way , if you want to do something about it , write down that in germany is best suited for all , in frankfurt .
i 'm afraid they don 't , but maybe you can help them .
because the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and he must return .
we also see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we see that it will succeed .
we fought in holland for over three years .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world , which will consume phosphorus .
but we need the total .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's population .
there 's the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , a bunch of , uh , a bunch of , uh ...
that is 26 , 26 countries that control 40 % of the
and the oil we will be able to replace it with the other .
but you cannot replace the phosphorus .
it 's not about making things a little less bad , it 's about doing something right .
and is especially first to ask what is right
it means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland it is easier to understand because in holland the country is built on flowers .
yes ?
imagine , if , for example , your wife is sad , when you have upset her and you come with fifty roses .
completely inefficient .
but very , very effective .
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six and a half pounds in her life .
in .
that is not scientifically accurate , because we do not know how much is more .
but a lipstick , even with these lights , i can tell you , is completely inefficient but totally effective , yes ?
everything beautiful in life is not efficient
that 's why it 's not for lack of , but for efficiency .
to ask , what is the right ?
not to burn it a little better , but to burn it a little better , to burn it with it and to lose all the materials in the incinerator , but first to ask , how do you close ?
imagine mozart .
yes ?
when i ask her out to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill with a glass of water and a glass of water .
beautiful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient
if you fall in love with someone efficient ?
yes ?
that means , all that matters in life is not about saving , to avoid , to reduce .
all the ...
we say to the people , oh yes , you do not have a
no , throwing it away is just the right thing .
in every place where you throw it away , from , yes , you can do it again .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have the wrong things .
as we think from the north .
every footprint there is prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every footprint will destroy the ground .
because the ground , the moose will die , and the wind and the water will wash the ground .
but when they are in italy , each footprint means that the water stays in the grass .
so , it 's about creating a big , huge footprint that will become a ...
don 't .
in germany we say sustainability .
yes ?
but when i ask you , how are you with your wife ?
what do they say ?
sustainable .
then i say i 'm sorry for your loss
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , pass , avoid .
every garbage is a nutrient .
and it is a pleasure , when in italy , when they see the people in the high bow , they throw out a ...
because , you know , this is a very , very , very , very , very process .
it 's a form of ...
you can show , i was there .
but with the right design .
we , for example , have developed a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a
they can throw away where they go and stand
in two hours , she 'll be everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing it away , it will contribute to the .
that means we are useful , no less harmful .
so there are two sets of two .
not everything is , of course , not everything is .
a tv or a washing machine , they use it , they don 't use it
just the things , the things , the things , like the , like the , like the , like car tires , they have to go into biological systems .
the things that are only used are in technical systems .
but today we only talk about biological systems .
yes ?
like the sneakers ?
very direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but to help this company to make these products successful .
because we don 't we we don 't make things free no more
yes ?
so , when i ask you out to dinner and say it 's free of chicken , it doesn 't help you .
no , we 'll see what 's inside .
affirmative .
so it 's not like ...
not poisonous .
everything inside is useful .
these are the first pair of shoes that you can use to put the plastic on the side of the bed , and the rubber can go in biological rubber , right ?
all of it is .
and , of course , if we succeed , we will be able to do it for the , for the , for the , for nike and mauritz and mauritz and the whole of the
and that 's half of all the world 's nuclear power is caused by the nuclear power .
that 's why you help out , ask people .
hey , cougar , are you really serious ?
because they 've changed the ceo twice now .
and i 'm not so sure if you really want to stay .
so help me with this .
but it works .
yeah .
the one that was just painted .
it works .
we can do things now so that when they break , when they break , they can go into biological .
it 's the same with technical .
there 's a direct line to this .
this is the first ecological backpack , which , in fact , is designed to go back into circulation .
you can get things back in any store .
if that 's what you think .
remember that diaper again ?
when right now it 's garbage .
these diapers are everywhere .
in the countries where people make money .
over there on the back of the back , but in the countryside .
yes ?
only if they take this diaper , cut it , sterilize it and take the powder to plant trees .
with that , the baby is for the whole of life .
well , we don 't have to be , we can be , we can be .
it 's sort of a , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
yeah , sort of .
yes ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
meanwhile , a lot of people are working there and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go to , you know , where everybody can join .
so no more saving , no more , no more , no more , no less , no more saving , no more saving , no more , no less , no less , no less , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more saving , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more , no more
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the minister .
music as language .
in the description of my speech , it is written that i , as a translator , as a translator , in the english
" a " is a "
even from the german to the english to the english , need more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it is strange , but to the layman , what we musicians do with our ...
in the first , as a master 's , i only have the written notes .
i 'm sure you think that the composer in the notes , he has put everything in his mind .
in reality , the notes are vague and vague .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , although very , very seemingly accurate description of a landscape .
for in this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it means that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
now today , i would like to translate to you what i otherwise translate musically , in a verbal language .
practically a translation of the translation .
which is why i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be the same for me to translate the translation .
so the music works for me like the spoken language .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
so it 's not enough to just learn to read the notes and to press the right keys on the piano or the right place on a piano .
it would only be the letters you learned to paint .
you don 't know the meaning of the letters until you know the language .
thus , for the learning of music , it takes at least as long as the spoken language .
there is also , there is also , if you learn to do it for , you understand it , or you can speak freely , and you can speak freely to the musical ,
the work of the master is beginning the same as the work of a master
after you first choose to play a play , because you 're so excited , you start to study for the first time after the
they 're gathering information about the play in the ...
you read in the letters , the diaries , the notes , the words , the thoughts of the man himself .
you study the works he wrote before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reason to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like society and politics ?
all this interests me .
you think yourself into this time , for example , to look at contemporary pictures and read literature .
but in time , you have a rich knowledge of the one you play more often , and it is always easier to feel more and more
the composer becomes more and more a friend to live with .
his desire to write the play has become more and more my personal business to play it .
now that the notes of the music is not an accurate record of the music of the composer , but merely a scaffolding , i now turn this scaffolding to fill it with meaning and meaning .
i say in my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing a game that could mean these sounds .
now for me and for the composer then and what you could now mean for him now .
every sound , every phrase , every phrase it makes sense , because i feel it myself , because from my now , it comes from my own
it has to be for me in here and now , or else i cannot persuade my audience that this is my concern
it is always a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very happy .
how you have a happy new day again and again and again , though always with the same rituals of life , get up , get up , have breakfast , go to work , and i shall see the same play again and again
i grew a day older , change the seasons , my heart rate goes slower in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for sound to come back than at home .
i take the breath of the audience , conscious or unconscious .
all that affects me and all that also affects my experience with the composition .
it 's so wonderful when i 'm on the stage with a ... i 'm on the stage and we are the same .
then the same thing happens as in a good , old-fashioned conversation .
you bring in a new idea and immediately it is answered with a reaction .
it 's exciting , because then things happen that we have not rehearsed and what we can not .
it is a great pleasure to make music this way , and you , as the audience , have experienced how the music communicates alive .
every concert is a different .
i will never play like this again .
i can 't play like in 20 years .
i will have more life experience than i have today , and i will , therefore , on my range of the more , more , more , more , more , more , more , of emotions and feelings than today .
sure , then i 'll have kicked out some of the party boys , too , but i 'll have to get some new ones .
have a nice specific example .
it was at a school concert at my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen , a famous music teacher , a concert pianist , a concert pianist and professor of the conservatory here in stuttgart
unfortunately , i was much too young , so that he was even more young when i finally started studying .
but i was very lucky to meet him very early , at age 13 and so i went to my high school in his classes .
i was 17 at the time when i was once again in one of his classes , and i played the last of the four ballads of chopin .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was for me
it 's kind of like a ...
and in my own , i said , in anticipation .
he said , " so ?
that must be the age difference .
for to me it means memory .
he was already over 60 .
well , when you 're seventeen , you still have dreams , but no meaningful memories .
i play the play over and over and over and over and over again for me , though not a single note has changed
every time it 's exciting because i read something new .
it 's an example from a completely different area , and monet has painted the hundreds of times .
it is always the same garden , but at different time of day , at the light of day .
he has translated the as he has seen them , as they seemed to him .
his personal favorite of the , uh ...
the most dramatic interpretation of a play is like this .
by now i 'm older than chopin at age 32 when he wrote the play
he 's only lived for 1 0 years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking into the notes , even if i think i know them by heart .
to hold , to hold , with the composer .
because the notes are the only link directly to him .
especially since he already died .
well , how do you begin to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as the spoken language .
music , music , music , music , music , music .
you can practically learn to read before you speak one word .
you learn to find the notes on the music .
then when all the fingers in time and right as it is in the notes , the sound will come out that together sound like music
if this is done without fail , the student will be able to perform the play .
there 's not much to talk about interpretation in the ...
all right , then it 's in the front . presto , it 's a quick piece .

loud and clear .
most people here know that .
but even if you follow that information , it still remains a technical .
and yet there is still no interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder that sometimes you forget something you forget .
that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical music and feel there should be
the singing .
a child who has not learned to sing , because the parents have not , will not do it .
it 's kind of like being in a ...
it is necessary to have his own experiences and the idea of music , and then to do it over another possibility , so to make it sound about an instrument .
people who have never sung have never felt with their own body , as it is to form a sound
to form a phrase with his own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal chords to sing our hands and feet to dance
that 's how the music in the piano is the continuation of my fingers
the melody comes from the sound and the rhythm from the dance
it 's not a good thing to be the constant
you don 't have to make music when you get bored
no need to whistle or sing a song
every one of your own music gets smashed to death if you 're constantly playing music on the outside .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do if i can 't sing ?
i ask , can 't you sing , a because you think you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
in both , it is not too late to start to find out if they can , or learn how to use those little muscles that cut their vocal cords .
you can train .
or c , because you have been certified that you are unfit .
then i ask , how was this diagnosis ?
have you ever , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you , uh , have you ,
or d , they don 't like music and they want nothing to do with it
which i would then regret , because music is a beautiful , beautiful , beautiful thing .
maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , nobody has to be a lost candidate .
i don 't know anything about classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad
i answer , but surely you can tell if you like it or not
because i don 't think someone says i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook
you don 't give up food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and say whether you like it or not
whether the music is too steep or too sweet
say what you feel .
in time , you will also receive claims and want to add a little more spices , or even taste a fine difference .
why do i now demand from my audience that it also actively listen ?
because the music is a language and a language is to communicate .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work
the food made by a cook or a cook has to be eaten and not only watched or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when music is played
she 's not just a nice girl .
when in an environment where the adults play music , or at least hear music , grow a child , it is easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower ?
can you play it in blue ?
and the child will play , after a wedding , instead a red , a blue flower .
and this sounds very different from before .
it was then the very first beginning of its own musical expression .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today that was originally written 100 , 200 or even 300 years ago ?
by now , the instruments have changed .
there was no piano in bach at the time .
it just wasn 't invented .
i think that the stream would have been thrilled if it had had the most modern today 's modern pianos .
i , today i can , today i can , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
even beethoven , you know he heard more than he had gone deaf
today , a modern , modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra , from back then , refused to play .
that is why the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so that they can be heard , what they have conceived in their minds .
and what they would think today in spirit .
or what i did today because what you might have thought .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a car .
when i come along , with my little v , and i stand next to me , this feeling comes .
something 's going through my head .
why do you need such a big car ?
the first year it loses half its value .
anyway , you work less than me .
why do i have to buy such a small car ?
and then i remember , it 's not fair
it is against justice .
and as i say the word " justice , " this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great method to make such unpleasant feelings such as envy disappear .
you can also try with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i would like to explain something to you with this mechanism today or something which is perhaps , unconsciously familiar .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie as you may have heard when people say no one has the intention to build a wall
and then the stones , so that it can block their view .
in such a lie you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to check that he has something else in mind .
he 's only fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you fooling yourself .
you need this lie to maintain a lie in order to maintain a level .
you can make it less easily , yes , check it or collapse it .
you need time .
from that time , an anecdote that you may or may not know .
the spanish painter , pablo picasso , once had a wife .
this woman then complained that the portrait was nothing like her
picasso answers , just wait .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
in this place , and when you laugh , you realize how important this lie is and how much time it takes you to know something that artists can very well tell us .
for artists have a troubled relationship with lies .
the artist tells you something , and especially this lady , which she does not , when she just looks in the mirror .
the artist tells you in such a portrait something that you will not know until you see this work of art .
then this unpleasant feeling goes away , it might not look like you , and it becomes more and more like you .
here you have this mechanism which we use the lie as a great invention to boost our power .
and not only in art , but in a folk tale , where in mythology , it comes again in stories .
you know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him who is the most beautiful in the country ?
one day this mirror says yes , there is a more beautiful .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror cannot lie , from this true information .
but we should just get to know each other so that you can 't tell a woman that there is a better one somewhere else .
here , it is necessary to put what we understand , what we , under the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
in this place , we need this lie that the deception that we cannot live without .
we not only have in art , but in science we have such great lies .
and there 's this story about the wife of the bishop 's wife .
she heard of this book of charles darwin , the origin of the species and of man .
that man should be descended from a monkey and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between men and monkeys .
and then she ran and she ran to her husband and said that what charles is writing is not true
man shall be born of a monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it is true , we must not let people know .
why must we prevent people from learning of something when it is true ?
because we can 't live without them .
we can 't stand these things .
we must stop people from learning of things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism is beginning to dissolve and look like the tracks it leaves , which lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves i want to give you another story
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she was a teacher and she told about a student
a high school student .
she likes him especially because he has a taste for honesty .
what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and because i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more interesting things .
there 's something wrong .
i have told my wife that every time a man in a moral justification uses the word for it , we should try to replace it with the word though .
you do that once and then you know the sentence .
even though i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more interesting things .
you feel that is the truth behind information .
he 's a little boy , he doesn 't care about the money
he 's interested in the art department .
but there are no clubs we can look for , where you learn how to make fire
there 's only the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he registered .
and besides , you don 't tell your teacher that you like to put fires somewhere and be happy when the fire starts later
no , it just looks so much better when we show that we are in charge of getting rid of the dangers that others can only do when they fire .
here you have this little mechanism .
this note to note that deep inside the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
the words we use in the language of politically correct
actually , we know that something else is the case .
but we know that when we say it , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that will work .
i now wish to present to you what we have found at my institute .
by the logic of this , this deception , the willingness , a different reality than the one we know in the subconscious , that it is valid to spread out .
i will present to you two , perhaps three examples .
the first example is what many of you know , and some of you , some of you , most of you don 't need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is something so spiritual , it says ,
and from this soul , they now think that , somehow , in this , in this , in nature , in this , nature of nature , it is said in the latin ,
and when he , when he is , he is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul
then he can run away .
this is the idea of how the soul works
so she 's supposed to go from outside to human .
so we are supposed to perceive it as something that is so important for our lives .
and when you see this , you understand the logic with which we experience this happiness , through a lie , to improve our world .
because now , you can use a ...
you remember from school .
now , this is a here is now a man who describes logic .
that 's the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
to lie so that you can use that logic wrong .
there are three sets in this .
the first sentence is , klaus claims there is no soul .
so the second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third set .
i highlighted him here .
it 's a third sentence that comes immediately to people who have a strong feeling for a soul
they say he who has no soul is dead and can say nothing
and here you feel it .
here comes the logic in this , yes , in this very , very , very , very .
you see it immediately .
the first two sentences , they are logically correct .
i can say anything .
logic makes no statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i am right , the chancellor is a man .
if i am wrong , the chancellor is not a man .
logic makes no statement about what is .
i can say anything .
but what matters is , if i 'm right , then it is .
so when klaus says there is no soul .
second , if he is right he has no soul
these things are logically correct .
and now our conscious mind senses immediately , it can be made .
it is attached to a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and acts as if the opposite of the first sentence is already proven and provided .
we have to prove whether or not there is the soul .
but with this logic , which it simply uses , that two sentences are logically correct , and a third , who looks like he has something to do with it , so we can save our time .
we pretend it 's impossible to live without a soul
and we are very happy .
we can continue these things in different ways .
in the present , we have a very modern example , that keeps filling the ...
to this , you must keep yourself in a more philosophical issue , a philosophy of philosophy , a philosophy of life .
it has to do with going back to the 21st century .
there was a scholar named johannes johannes johannes , who was named after him , the donkey is named .
the donkey is a donkey , a donkey of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's like a ... it 's like ...
and if you place the exact one in the middle of the right between the two , two , three , two , three , and then it will starve to death .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go to first
so it 's right in the middle .
this is what we have in store .
the forces of the most powerful , with the more powerful , more powerful .
nothing happens .
only when you bring a different example , so if it immediately makes a haystack bigger then he doesn 't need reason and nothing .
it automatically goes to the right mind .
if you have this idea , that in nature , you are to be driven , to be driven , to be driven , by the bigger bunch who put on you immediately , they feel that there must be something like free will .
and while we are here in frankfurt , on the main , i will remind you of the
there is a learned man called wolf singer , and he is sometimes said that wolf singer , wolf singer says that there are no
now we can go back to the second set , and we can say that if wolf singer is right , then he doesn 't have any .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can now read in the daily newspaper you find in this third set .
he looks like he who doesn 't have the right , can not be held responsible for his actions and claims , and he is therefore insane .
here you have it again .
in fact , you 'd have to prove if there 's such a thing as ...
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence is wrong in the first , as if , of course , to accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do something for yourself , if you want to test something for yourself , and especially if you want to make people happy , that courage to lie .
for example , if you ever meet a person you can tell , there is no such thing .
and , please , do not use the german word for " the " .
you shouldn 't call that , that would be a bit politically incorrect .
tell them there are no , there are no .
right now , they will , for which , of course , there are , there is , you cannot prove .
and now you have a problem .
because while you are busy trying to tell yourself that you can 't prove that there is no , there is no , the man is very happy .
he 's happy because he deceived you
because he led them on a trail where he wouldn 't stop himself .
in fact , this man is not interested in evidence .
all he is interested in is to keep himself free from the need to prove that there will be .
so , in the way of shifting the burden of evidence you see the greatness of lies .
and once again , when you once again have such an opportunity to feel that it is with other people , you do it , for you will make others happy if you do not remind them of their own
thank you for your attention .
hello
i asked lilly if i could mention her
she is one of the most distinguished here at this great event and asked me to give a lecture and give my idea .
i have to tell you , you know , it was hard to talk about my idea at first .
and may i , may i , may i , may , may i , may i , may , may i , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may i , may , may , may i , may i , may i , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may , may i , may , may , may , may , may , may i present my
but , of course , it is the sum total of many , many ideas .
and then i ended up in the middle of the ' 80s in berlin , because i wanted to do renewable energy , and there was no such thing .
there was the , uh , the , uh ...
at that time , they were all known as the
today they are called the
because a good engineer , he either made a great car or he built it .
but something stupid like a , like a , like a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
and in berlin , there was a crazy
i am grateful to the minister of justice that he has once again redeemed the word , because after the war , you were not allowed to use the word because everything left was bad .
however , it hasn 't been so in the past few years .
there it was , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , there was a , in it , in it , in it , in it was in it , in it , in it , in it , in it was , in it , in it , in it , in it was , in it , in it was , in it , in it was , in it , in it , in it , in it , in it , in it
it was the place of the lake , but it was called the sun 's and the sun 's , and i started in the ' 80s .
and , yes , a lot of what was said today is very touching , because many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many i have lived through .
i worked in the collective for 1 1 1 1 1 years , that was a .
we were twenty .
it deals with bullshit .
and then i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and i brought you a project i want you to meet
and the title of the chief of the department was , yes , how to get 100 % renewable .
and we have just started to ask , with a rather a rather a story , where would a memory be useful today ?
on this island , this is the island of
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a half thousand people live there .
today they have a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
and the question is , why have they no more ?
it 's just ... it 's not possible .
when they give more to each other , the system starts to fail .
that 's what i always tell that to the politicians when they come to visit our plant .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany
can 't be a problem .
but that 's not true , we have 7 % in europe and our net is physically the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems people on this island have .
the question was simple , calculate that it was , have the first contacts with the island , just do the math .
how big would it have to be such a battery to bring an island like this to 20 , 30 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 % .
and , yes , i go one more slide .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
by the by , by the way , a year , about a hundred , a hundred electrical output in the world 's ...
that is the capacity of a hundred and hundreds , because that goes everywhere very quickly .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
that 's fast .
you put a box there .
and then it usually does .
in this one , there are always three of them .
yeah , that 's what you see down there is the burden
we also received very specific data .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
our goal was to just say , okay ,
the diesel will back-up , and the wind , the sun will guide the load so they can map the bigger part .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % of renewable energy , so energy a year , not power at the moment , you have to turn off the diesel .
that means , at that moment , you must make sure that the renewable energy can , in a way , take over the entire grid .
of course , the only way you can do it is to be managed here in some way .
nobody in the world has ever done that .
it 's in a small style , so you can also use your razor in the car to use your razor on a little ...
people always ask me , what are you doing there ?
it 's okay .
but if you want more of these , you want more of these , and you want them to build a net , it becomes very complicated .
it will definitely be a hydrogen , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas you , or it will be .
then you 'll have to go for more like a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
we just wanted to know , what about a normal , like a ...
how far can you get ?
and then did a whole lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
then we have a business model .
we are cheaper than the average , when the average is five percent a year .
and then we started to negotiate with the
what should everything be done ?
dealing with investors , looking for new business .
we were only five people back then to rebuild the society
and here again the presentation .
the brown is the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a fuel system , is that we still do 20 % with diesel and we can 't penetrate the other things .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem
and that is why we have decided to build a hall in berlin , where we can , in a way , we can map the electrical conditions of the island
that means we were looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here it is .
it comes naturally from asia in the case of japan
and in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , it was , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s ,
it is you can see it is a very , very big battery
it can do this for six hours , and this is the battery that we have , so to speak .
and then set them up .
over here , we are here , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are here , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are here , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we
and here you can see the whole again .
we can also add two hundred ... and two hundred ...
here we see this again , we see the engine again , here we see the engine again .
and what we have done since then , since then , the hall has been finished , up until now , everything that is here between the single system of electronics , software , we have done .
so , we are not , we are not , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
of course , you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate to the net and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island , you can , in fact , take away all of the problems we will get when we want to increase our share of renewable
so , this whole discussion , how , at this very moment , we , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
at the end of the day ,
so , you know , there 's , like , a , you know , there 's , like , a , you know ,
we can start on the island , we can start , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can , we can .
it means that if you are 70 % renewable , you can 't do it without memory .
you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , you can , by
this is the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at that , because you can see what problems you get .
if we turn off the diesel , then you no longer have the ... the ... the ...
and in fact , our european , european , it 's basically just a bunch of , you know , it 's a big , round , round , round and round .
we look into this net , we see the fifty hertz , and when it becomes , then when it becomes , we open up a few blocks , and then we go back in and we come back up .
that 's the system .
and of course , it 's incredibly lazy .
if you take this off somewhere it 'll take a while
spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the net steady .
and in time , they can react differently .
if you no longer have this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this
and we can , with this big , big battery , two , one , two , one .
then you can see what an enormous amount of energy there .
and the message is now , we must dispense with these floating masses , if , in a manner of speaking , twenty twenty twenty twenty , twenty twenty , twenty , twenty , thirty , thirty , thirty , thirty and so on , if we are to reach
then we 'll have to reduce our more limited power in the net .
it simply means the power plant is running to hold the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a story right now , you know , we 're not , we 're not , we don 't , we don 't ,
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can take down the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity of which you can , by putting it into the net .
fortunately there are a lot of studies .
and for that purpose , people will always come and look at our very , very , very , very ,
and , yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far can you take away from the future ?
and a lot of discussions i 've had in the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had in the last 30 years on the subject .
i can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's all we expected , we never expect
we have 30 gigawatts of electricity in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i just assume that for the next 30 years , we will have the same capacity to store the same capacity in the world .
simple , it will come .
there 's gonna be a whole bunch of , you know , there 's gonna be , like , a lot of , you know , there 's gonna be , like , a lot of , you know ,
the beauty of it is that i have now , in the past two years , i have experienced , that the scientists are on my side .
we have now received over $ 10 million , and now we have to put a ...
this will happen next april .
so from there you can also see that there is a change , and only from this resistance to yes , to the idea that a hundred percent renewable is true .
and if you 've got a hundred percent renewable , it 's like a more efficient system .
so far , in discussions , we are always trying to get these people to take care of themselves . they have their own little network .
the simple question is , if they make themselves completely independent of any of the fossil or any of the , uh , or the , uh , or the , uh , or whatever it is that they are .
then they only consume what there is in the sun and the wind where they live
and that is so a little our vision of a more powerful power source and i am also grateful that you have said use the sun 's power .
and this is what we do , and in so , the talk of premium kola , that once again you can be a collective and use the sun 's energy , together a little .
and , yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and have a vision .
and you have to be really tough , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist for the los angeles times one day went through the streets in downtown los angeles he heard a wonderful music
it came from a man , an african-american , sociable , rough , homeless , who played on a violin with only two strings .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he was a homeless man living on the streets of crowded row in downtown los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 , two years ago at walt disney hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to imagine me .
he spoke in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and a few days later , i got an e-mail that said that nathaniel was interested in music .
i have to remind you that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with , with , like , shock and handcuffs and trauma , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and in this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
he was talking about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played the first sentence of beethoven 's piano concerto
and while i was playing , i noticed that in her eyes , a perfect change was in her .
it was as if he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
a calm curiosity and grace .
and as through a miracle , he took his violin , and began , by hearing , to play a few bits and pieces of music and then asked me to play it to the end :
we then began to talk about music , from bach to beethoven , brahms , brahms , and all the other " b " , and all the other " b " , from " to " c " to " e " .
and i realized that not only did he not only had a knowledge of music , but that he had a close personal relationship with her .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding that i know only my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic
by playing music and talking about music , from this paranoid , confused man who had just walked the streets of los angeles , became a lovable , refined , brilliant , brilliant , in juilliard , trained musician .
music is medicine , music changes us
for nathaniel , music means spiritual health .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity into something real .
and so he will escape his agonizing .
i understood that this is the nature of art .
this is the reason why we make music so that we can create something that is inside of all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches us all , move , inspire and unite us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the great power of the music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who knew his talent and respected him .
and i will play with nathaniel over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again i will play with and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
i want to play something i stole from the cellist .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
i 've known many fish in my life
i only loved two .
this first was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , good consistency , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
better , even better , it was bred by the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty for several months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked if at an event i could say about the sustainability of the farm .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here who tried to solve what this impossible problem has become for our cooks how do we keep fish on our menus ?
in the last 50 years , we have fished the seas as we have beaten forests bare .
it 's hard to overestimate the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the one we love , the fish , the fish , the fish , the salmon , swordfish , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so , for better or for worse or worse ,
the most of them , most of them , and they are inefficient , we use tuna , a big disadvantage .
he has a 15 to 1 .
that means it takes 15 pounds of it to get a pound of it .
not very sustainable .
it 's not very good .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support you .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you are famous for growing so far out in the sea you do not pollute the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said , " we are so far out that the waste is distributed by our fish , not focused . "
and then he added , " we are basically a world of our own .
he said , " he said .
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to one , great .
what do you feed ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and on that night , i was lying in bed thinking , " what the hell is a protein ?
so i called the next day , just before the event , don .
i said , " don , what are sustainable protein ? "
he said he didn 't know , he will ask .
well , i was on the phone with some people at the company , no one could give me a straight answer , until i finally got on the phone with the senior biologist .
let 's also call him don .
" don , " i said , " what are sustainable protein ?
well , he mentioned some algae and some algae , and then he said ,
i said , " what ?
he said , " yes , the feathers , the skin , the skin , the remains , dried and made into food . "
i said , " what percentage of your favorite chicken is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what do you feed chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting rid of this fish .
no , not because i 'm a saint , and i 'm a saint .
i am .
no , i actually , i , i , i , i , i , i , to god , who , after this conversation , tasted like chicken .
this second fish is a different kind of love
it is the romantic way , the way , the better you get to know your fish the more you love the fish
i first ate it at a restaurant in a restaurant .
a friendly journalist had long talked about this fish .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , almost shimmering white .
the cook had cooked it .
stop twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's cooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
his name is miguel .
and no , he did not cook the fish , and he is not a cook , at least in the way you and i understand .
he 's a biologist at veta la palma 's .
this is a street corner in the southwest corner of spain .
it is near the mouth of the river .
up until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of the
they were , they were , they were , they were , they were .
they did it by taking over the country .
they built this complicated series of canals and they pushed water out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make it work , not economic .
and it was an ecological disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which for this place are many birds .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally pulled the lever .
instead of the water , they used the canals to put the water back .
they cut the channels .
they created 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 acres of sea bass , a prawn , an eel , miguel and his company have completely reversed the destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they stare out at the horizon that is a million miles away , and all they see are , like , five hundred and fifty , and this dense , dense walk .
i was there not long ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of a crocodile to kiss .
there we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we were , we , we , we were , we , we , we were , we were , we , we , we , we
this is where he produces a rare and rare .
now he 's talking about the
and here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh ,
it turns out miguel has spent most of his career in the north african national park .
i asked him how he turned into such a ...
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert in relationships .
and then he goes , and he falls into more talk of rare birds and algae and strange fish .
and don 't get me wrong , it was really fascinating , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head became weak over this sweet , delicious piece of cheese i had on the eve .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the algae , the , the , the relationship , it 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
" how is the
well , he goes on to tell me that it is such a powerful system that fish eat what they eat in the wild .
the plants , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , is what feed the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely ...
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a film director had asked for a film director .
and we turned around the corner , and we saw the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a literally pink carpet as far as the eye can see .
" this is success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
feast ?
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and our fish and the birds .
well , last year on this property there were 600,000 birds , more than 250 different species .
it has now become the greatest , and one of the most important private and most of all in europe .
and i said , " miguel , is a well done , is not the last one you would want to have on a ...
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we build , not intense .
this is a wireless network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp will eat the .
so the more the pink the the stomach the more the system .
okay , let 's think about this , a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your bandits .
it 's a it , but it 's also a it .
oh , and besides , those flamingos should not even be there in the first .
they breed in a city about 150 miles away , where it 's a better place to go .
every morning they fly 150 miles to the farm .
and every night they fly back 150 miles .
they do this because they can follow the white , white line of the road ,
seriously .
i had imagined a sort of journey of the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , will you fly 240 kilometers to the farm and then fly back 240 miles an evening ?
do you do this for the children ?
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston
he said , " no , you do it because the food is better . "
i did not mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious , and i don 't like it , i don 't like it , i don 't like it
it 's this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , this , uh , this , this , this , this , uh , this , this , uh , uh , this , uh , uh , uh , this , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried it in this restaurant , in this restaurant , it did not taste the taste of food .
it tasted sweet and pure as if taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it is the last defense before something enters the body .
it has evolved , in the course of evolution , to soak up the energy . "
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its success the success of its bandits
and then i realized that when he said that a farm that has no farm , it was a huge , the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river
it is a river that runs all the things that rivers of these today have a tendency to run with them , chemical pollutants chemical pollutants , a drain of nuclear waste .
and if it has fought through the system and it leaves the water is cleaner than how it came in .
the system is so healthy it cleans the water
when the water flows , it sinks into the atlantic
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and you should do it , because this love story , however romantic , is also very revealing .
you could say that it is a recipe for the future good food , whether we speak of bass or sea bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , from one where food actually tastes good .
but for many people , it 's a bit too radical .
we are not a realist , we are lovers
we love , we love , we love , we talk about regional food we eat organic
and when they say that these are the things that make the future of good food someone gets up somewhere and says , " hey guys , i love pink flamingos but how will they feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ?
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we already produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people are going hungry today
a billion , that is more than ever , because of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the
well , i don 't like that question because it has determined the logic of our trade for over 50 years .
feed the grain to the herbivores , feed the grain to the seeds , to the soil , to the fish , and all the while , when we feed more people cheaper , how terrible can it be ?
that was the cause , it was the justification it was the business plan of american agriculture
we should call it what it is , a business in business , a business which is rapidly consuming capital , which is the very , very production .
this is no business , and it is not agriculture .
we are now under threat , not due to excessive supply , but due to resources ,
not through the latest , not through the latest and through the land of fertile land , not through pump , but through fresh water , not through chain saw , through forests , and not through fishing boats and nets , but through fish in the sea
you want to feed the world ?
how will we feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that every community has to feed itself ?
in order to do so , don 't look at the future .
it 's really old and it 's done .
capital , chemistry , and machines are in it , and it never produced anything really good for food .
let 's look at the ecological model instead .
this is what , two billion years in work experience .
look at miguel .
plants that are not the worlds that are not , plants that restore , instead of plants , plants , plants that grow and grow and grow and grow , farmers who are not only those who are not only those who are
because they are those who are also experts in taste .
and to be honest , you are a better cook than i will ever be
you know , that 's fine with me because if this is the future of good food it will be delicious
thank you .
so , what we see here is a typical of the old age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it 's called " a " a " and what i can do with a " c " is that after a certain cause of death ,
and right now i see a different pattern that comes .
it 's because in the people here are the most people in the world , and they are over here at the
we can go one step further out and then rearrange the data , and see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not everyone .
now , if we go on and sort by age , say 40 years or younger we see that even accidents are the main cause people should worry about .
and those who can see , that is , especially in men .
so you can see that the look of information and data in this way is very much like swimming in a living ,
and if we can do this , we can do this for , why can 't we do it for content ?
what we now have here are the most important of every sports illustrated ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can check your rooms after my lecture .
you can dive into it in a decade .
you can dive into a certain year .
you can jump directly to a particular issue .
now , when i look here i see the athletes who appear in this issue and the sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , which shows all the expenses in which lance armstrong is mentioned .
now , when all i want to do is just to get a clear , i think , " okay , what if i look at everything with the subject of riding a bike ? "
so i take one step back and expand the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and so you get an idea that if you go through information like that , you go through it , you go , you go , you go , you go , you don 't , or you don 't just surf .
you do something a little different .
it 's something in between and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i would now like to take this idea a little further with something a little more crazy .
what we have done here is , we have taken each and every and every one of them , and reduced them to a little summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just going to show you the top 500 of the , uh , top 500 of the , uh ...
but even in that narrow view we can do a lot of things .
right now , we get an impression on the subjects that are on wikipedia the most important .
i will now choose " government "
well , now that i have chosen " government " i realize that the most that cover the most with the cover of time
this is really important , because this is an understanding that is not in a single reality .
it 's only to know when you take one step back and look at it .
then i can go into the " people of the year " and see all together .
when i look at all these people , i see that the majority of them are government officials , some are from science , some , even less , come from the economy , here is my boss , and one comes from the
and interestingly ,
so now we can jump now and take a look at all the " ted " winners "
you can see we are surfing the net for the first time as if it really is a web , not just side to side , but more abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i just show you the new york times website .
i don 't want to call it a browser , it really isn 't a browser , but you can look at web sites with it , and we take this to every single site like this .
so i can go back one step and jump directly to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important , because only by looking at web sites in that way you can look at all the web sites in the same way .
so i can , in my own time frame in a specific time frame .
here is the state of the entire demonstration that i have held until here .
and i can , so to speak , i can bring back everything i 've seen so far .
and , if i take one step out and look at everything again , i may be able to rearrange my course for my work , and here , i have been looking for
and from here i can go in the side and call it again .
it 's a metaphor that is used over and over again , and each time it makes the bigger picture bigger than the sum of the total .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the beast .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this , as we know it , is a new source of information .
and instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge from it .
and if we know , we might even be able to shed some wisdom .
thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
when i was in high school , i used to take the bus to school every day an hour every day .
and my nose was always in a book , a book that took my thoughts into other worlds , and in a way , my deep inside me , sitting curiosity .
i was totally , totally , totally , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and the limits of the possible .
and my love for science fiction , my love for science fiction , it seemed that in the late ' 60s , in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon to explore the sea
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating shows that showed us animals and places and a world of wonders we could never have imagined
well , i guess that was a pretty good match for the , uh ...
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there were no video games , and no video games , and no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
when we read a book when we were children we took the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads
my reaction to it was the drawing and painting of aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all that .
i was always caught by the teacher , hiding behind the textbook .
it had to be creative .
and then something very interesting , which i was fascinated by , by jacques , the thought of a completely unknown world here on the earth itself .
surely i would never , ever reach an alien world with a starship .
but here there was a world that i could actually enter , here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as anything i ever imagined when i read these books .
so when i was 15 i decided to become a diver
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i drove my father away , until he had finally found a buffalo , new york , on the other side of the border where we lived .
i used to make my favorite in a pool of the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i only saw two years later when we moved to california
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent about 3 , 000 hours under the water , 500 hours of it , 500 .
and i have learned that the world of the sea , the world of the sea , even in the vast oceans , is as rich in life as we can imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no limits , unlike the imagination of our own .
to this day , to this day , i am deeply in awe of what i see in my ...
and my love to the ocean with the same intensity as ever
when i , as an adult , picked a job , it was making movies .
this seemed the best way to my inner need to tell stories with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to bring pictures and stories together , and it was the same .
of course , the stories that i chose , from the " terminator " , " " " aliens " , " and "
i was able to combine my love for the , you know , and the diving and making movies .
so , basically my two passions intertwined .
a very interesting thing happened at " the , " to solve a problem in this film , we had to create a sort of a liquid liquid , and we , in the ,
what came out of it was the first of the ever , ever seen in a movie .
the film didn 't bring any money , in fact , he 'd just put his production costs in production , but i noticed something fascinating the audience in the whole world was , like , mesmerized by the magic
according to arthur clarke 's law , it is known that there is no difference between the technology and magic .
so you saw something magical .
and i found it very exciting .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this must absolutely be included in the art . "
so we went to " terminator 2 " , my next film , much more .
together , we , together , we created the guy from liquid metal , and the success was all about how the effect would come .
once again , we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we made a little more money in the film .
from these two experiences , there was a whole new world , a whole new world , a whole new world of creativity for the people .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who , at that time , was the best
the basic idea of this company was to , to , to , to , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the basic idea of this company was to , to , you know ,
and then we did , and then we , for a while , we , we , we , we , we , we , too , and we , for a time like this ,
but in the middle of the ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 90s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , we had , in the ' 90s , we had actually started the company ,
and the people in my company told me that for the time being we haven 't been able to .
so i moved it and made this other film about the big boat going down
i sold this to the film studio as " romeo and juliet on a boat . "
but secretly i wanted to go to the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 'll dive to the wreck we 'll film the real wreck
we 're going to show it in the film 's , in the film .
it 's a good marketing slogan .
and i persuaded her to finance an expedition .
but that goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we then , six months later , we actually created a reality in which i found myself in a russian satellite , four kilometers below the north atlantic surface , looking at the real titanic through a porthole
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't hd , it was real .
that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how much these , uh , these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
well , they were also , you know , and they were , you know , more , more , more , more , more , more .
you get into this capsule , and then you float down into this dark , hostile environment , where there is no hope of rescue if you can 't make it back yourself .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this is just like i 'm in a ...
that 's really cool . "
i was obsessed with exploring the depths .
it was an adventure , it was curiosity , it was imagination .
and it was an experience that hollywood couldn 't give me .
but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over and i wanted more .
and so i made a rather unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said to myself , " okay , i want to put my favorite film director in hollywood on ice for a while .
and then we began , we went down to the " bismarck " , and we began to explore it with ,
we returned to the wreck of the titanic .
we used to take little robots that we had built , that we had built , that we had built .
our purpose was to look at the inside of the ship which had never been done before .
no one had ever seen the inside of the wreckage , no one has had the means , so we developed the technology necessary .
and here i am now , on the deck of the titanic , on the deck of the titanic , in a wood , and i see a plank that is quite like this and i know that the band played there once .
and i will fly through the corridors of the ship with a little ...
i only serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was , physically , in the middle of the " titanic "
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me aware that the use of these scanned avatars was used by the scanned and so the mind in the vehicle , in this other form of existence .
it really was very , very , very deep
and maybe even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have to study something or to do other things , in all sorts of things that i can think of as a
after these expeditions , we began to really appreciate what we had seen down there ... to really , really to learn to appreciate , like this , like this , where we have seen these ... these ... these are , like , these ...
they live with the help of the
they don 't exist in a system based on sunlight like we do .
and that 's how you see animals that are right next to 500 degrees celsius that can survive .
at the same time , at the same time , i was also very interested in , i was also very , very , very , very , very ...
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it was that i took with us to the depths .
we used to make documentary films , but , in fact , we did science , which , to be more precise ,
this is how the circle between my existence as a child and the reality .
during this voyage of discovery , i have learned a lot .
i 've learned a lot about science , but now i 'm sure you think a director should also be a leader , a leader like a ship captain or something .
but i didn 't know much about leadership until i began these expeditions .
at a certain point i had to say , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us money
we just play the production costs .
they all think i ran between " titanic " and " avatar " and " avatar " and " and " the " my nails " were carved on a towel .
i have made all these films , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money
because we did all this with only 10 or 12 people who have worked together for years , and sometimes we were two or three months at sea .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other because you have done a task that cannot be explained to anyone else .
it creates a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next film " avatar , " i tried to use the same management style , that you respect your team and earn respect in return .
it really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a small team in unknown territory and we were shooting " avatar " with a new technique that was not before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies completely .
there were people who said that we did a really good job of copying and being transported to planet pandora .
to me , it was more of a more a way of doing my job , the real process that changed in the end .
so what can we infer from all that ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think first is curiosity .
it is the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than all the laurel in the world .
come to me young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do something like this . "
and i say , " don 't put yourself in .
do not do it to yourself , not against yourself , but take risks
" failure is no alternative . "
but in the art and to study , failure must be an alternative , because there it guarantees a leap of faith .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been handled without risk .
you have to be willing to take such risks .
that is the thought that i would gladly give to you that failure is an alternative , but fear is not .
today i speak to you about energy and climate
and that might surprise you , perhaps , because my work in the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds , the things we have to invent and deliver to the poor , two billion to make a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone else on the planet .
it means that for many years they will not grow , it will rain too much or too little .
it causes anxiety , it causes anxiety .
climate change will be terrible for you .
besides , it is important to you that you are the most important .
the fact is , that if you could only reduce the price by one thing , energy by far is the most effective .
well , the time has passed .
as a matter of fact , the , uh , the , uh ...
and even in the 20th century even in the 20th century there was a case in the refrigerator and so we have , air , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we are in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world
but , if we reduce the price , we cut the price in half we will hit a new barrier and this barrier is connected with co2 .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
well , the exact connection between a between the and the resulting and the , uh , and where their other consequences are , there are some , but not many .
and there must be some uncertainty about how bad these consequences will be , but they will be extremely bad !
" do we really have to go down to zero ?
isn 't half or a quarter enough ?
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
therefore it is a great challenge .
it 's very different from saying we have a 3 1 / 2 truck that has to come from under a 3 / c bridge you can practically squeeze under it
this must go all the way down to zero .
well , every year , we do a lot of , like , 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons .
on average it 's about five tons each on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that bring it to nothing .
it 's up so far .
only different economic changes have affected it at all , and we must go from an exponential increase to a decrease to zero .
so let 's look at each factor one by one and figure out how to get it to zero .
probably one of these numbers must come very close to zero .
now this is basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today .
and it moves to nine billion .
if we are very successful with a new level of power , and we are , we could lower it by 10 % to 15 , but at this time , we are seeing an incline at 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
the food we eat , clothes , tv , heat .
these are very good things , and these are very good things , which means to make these services available to almost everyone on the planet .
it 's great that this number goes up .
is there light at home so you can read your homework ?
and those kids don 't have it , so they go out and read their homework under the school 's .
well , with effectiveness , the e , the energy per service , is finally good news .
we have something that does not rise
due to various successes in the field , by other methods , by new methods , there are many services , whose individual services can be reduced by 90 % .
in other services , such as the manufacture of , uh , 5 , 5 , 5 , 7 , 5 , 5 , 5 : 05 , air traffic , air traffic , air traffic ,
in total , if we are optimistic , we may get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we have now gone from 26 billion to maybe even 13 billion , and that is not enough !
so let 's take a look at the fourth factor , and this one will be a - -- that is the amount of co2
the question is , can you get it to zero ?
no .
no .
almost every energy source for electricity nowadays is co2 , except for renewable energy and energy .
so what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
what we need is a ...
if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these wonders .
usually there is no deadline that you need a miracle up to date .
usually you just stand by and some come , others not .
in this case , we must go full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really sell it ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that will spark the image of people here ?
i remembered last year , when i brought mosquitoes and people kind of liked that .
the idea really became real for you you know there are people who live with mosquitoes
for energy i thought of this .
i decided that the release of fireflies would be my most significant contribution to the environment here .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i have been assured that they will not bite , in fact they will not even leave the glass .
well , there are all sorts of places like this , but they all don 't do much .
we need solutions , either one or several who have an unimaginable capacity and impossible reliability , and even though there are many ways in which people seek , i see only five who can make these great demands .
i left out the tides , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
let us first look at the burning of fossil fuels , burn of either coal or natural gas .
who will make sure ?
who can guarantee something that is literally a billion times bigger than any kind of garbage that you can imagine and other things ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so this is a tough one .
next up :
what do you do with garbage ?
because even though he is not very tall , there are many concerns .
so three very difficult problems which may be solved , and which is why you should work .
the last three of the five .
it is the renewable energy which is often called .
and they also have , although it 's great that they don 't need fuel , they have some drawbacks .
for one , the energy that these technologies produce is dramatically less and less than those of .
it 's a lot of square miles , a thousand times more than a normal power plant .
furthermore , these sources are subject to interruptions :
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't shine every day and the wind doesn 't always blow
that is why , when you are addicted to these sources , you have to have a way that energy in times when it is not available .
if we say that the power source is out of the country , they not only need the technology , they have to deal with the risk that the energy comes from somewhere else .
and there 's the ...
so we need a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , something that 's gonna be , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
this is what happens when you try to bring these ...
if you want to put 100 % on it , you 'll need an incredible .
now , where shall we go , what is the right approach ?
a " manhattan project " ?
what we need are a lot of companies that work , hundreds .
in each of these five areas we need at least 100 people .
in many , they will say , " they are crazy .
i believe , here in the ted group , there are many who have already committed there .
bill gross has a number of companies , among other things , one by the name of
vinod reaches into dozens of companies that do great things and have interesting ways and i try to support that .
nathan nathan nathan , and i are financing a company that , perhaps , surprisingly , is following the nuclear approach .
there 's a lot of innovation in the financial industry :
evolution has stopped in this industry a while ago , so it 's no big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
it is that , instead of a part of the , the one percent , the one percent , we decided to burn the 99 % , the 99 % .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , you burn that 99 % is much better .
in fact , you actually burn the garbage , and you can even use the waste of today 's reactors as a vegetable .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium will be used up like a candle .
you can see that it is a sort of column often referred to as " the shifting wave reactor . "
this really does solve the problem problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the garbage , which is 99 % , and you have taken out the part that is burned today , so it is called " the "
that 's what the u.s. wanted for hundreds of years .
and if you take a cheap and easy , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are many challenges , but it is an example of many hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what should our report card look like ?
well , let 's go all the way to the goal that we have to , and then we 'll talk about the
many speak of a 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be created in poor countries and still a bit of farming , and hopefully , by then , the cement will be clean .
so , in order to reach this 80 % , the united nations , including countries like china , will have to completely surround their
the other note says whether or not we use the most advanced technology , whether it is used in all the developed countries and we are on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
it 's gonna be a ... it 's gonna be a ...
if we go back from there , what shall the 2020 ' report report report ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the less we
these breakthroughs we have to follow with full speed , and we can measure that , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the , in the ,
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book , " we have the choice , " and david , "
they really go through it and create a frame where this can be discussed , we need support from all sides .
there are some things that must come together .
that is a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest effect .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures do i appeal for ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places such as groups , they should not speak only about co2 .
you should discuss these financial matters , and you would be shocked by the ridiculous amount of money spent on these , uh , innovative , corporate investments .
we need oil , co2 taxes , cap 'n , we need something that can be done .
we must spread the word .
we must continue the dialogue of the more rational and more rational and the things done by the government .
it is an important wish but i think we can fulfill it
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to be a little better to understand , can you give us an idea of the size of this investment ?
the difficult step is the building of the first reactor , to find another billion , the and the place that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one is finished , when he walks as promised , everything is clear , because the , the , the , the , the , the , is as different from what we know .
to understand , it means to build deep into the ground , almost like a pillar of a vertical , like a , like a , like a , like a , a , like a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , a , like a , like a , a , a , like a , a , a , like a , a , a , a , a , a , like a , a , a , a , like a , a , a , a ,
today they always have to fill the reactor again , so there are a lot of people , and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and you open it and stuff it , it 's not good !
but when you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it up for 60 years , think of a column that you bury , without all the ...
and it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
a man who , himself , offers a solution to the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can dump it there is much less garbage with this method then take it and put it into the next reactor and burn it .
and we begin by taking the garbage , which already exists , which is in these , in these , or in these , or at the reactors , that 's our , that 's , that 's our ,
so what was a problem for these reactors is , what we fill in ours , and with it is reduced to dramatically in the process .
but while you were talking to different people of this world about these possibilities
where is the most interested in doing this ?
you know , the french and japanese did something like that .
this is a variant of a thing made .
this is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries have built it , so anyone who has made a fast reactor is a test for our first .
in your mind , the time frame and the chance to actually bring that into life ?
now , we need one of these very , very , very , very , very good things , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
that is , in a way , the deadline , which has , in a way , pointed out to us , that we have to hold .
and , you know , if all goes well , if all goes well , and that is a great wish , that could be easy .
and , fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , as well , if their roots work , the funding works for their pilots , we can bid for it .
and it would be best if there were more , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the great possible breakthroughs , is this the greatest you know ?
one is the most important .
it would have been , even if it hadn 't been for the
there are other cutting-edge companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as they do , but there is a different approach .
there 's a liquid that seems a bit difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if this doesn 't work , what then ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the power cells stable ?
when you get into this situation , it 's as if you 've eaten too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there is a , there is a , there is a , uh , it is called the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
it 's just a ...
they hope we don 't need it .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance because it might make you lazy so you keep eating because you know that heart surgery will save you .
do you have one or two sentences for which to persuade you ?
unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying that there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds that move things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids
you make the mistake now and you pay much later
the fact is that this uncertainty should worry us .
well , the actual expenses for research say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today it 's not so dramatic
others should not suffer .
you come to large sums of money , and here , reasonable people can argue when you have something that is not economic and is trying to finance it , and for me , most of it is a waste .
i think we should try to do more things that have the potential to be much more affordable .
if the swab you get is a very , very , very high , then only the rich can compete .
i mean , any one of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing the lifestyle .
but it 's a disaster .
and even think about it .
his new line is now , " why is research no longer discussed ? "
he is still , because of his earlier stories associated with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
and that is a thought that i think is appropriate .
research , it 's just crazy how little is supported
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really hope your wish will come true thank you
thank you .
a few years ago , here with ted , here , peter , who , peter , who , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
the idea is quite simple , and you have to make the most of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it seems really simple , it 's actually really hard , because people are very , very quickly working together .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a ...
it was a huge success .
most people usually start to take their own direction .
you talk about it , you think about what it 's gonna look like .
then you invest a little time in the planning and the organization , you sketch and you make spaghetti .
they spend most of their time in the
and finally , just before you don 't have time , someone takes the marshmallow and you gently put it on the top , step back and " ta-da ! "
but what happens then , almost always , happens that the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows " makes the whole thing bend and collapse .
there are a number of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " than others , and among the worst , there are fresh ones .
they lie , they cheat , they 're confused and they produce really poor things .
and , of course , there are also teams that have a much more " ta-da " and among the top are fresh graduates of the top .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the tallest towers but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is how , why , what with them ?
and peter says , " none of the children will spend time being the boss of the spaghetti limited
they don 't spend time in infighting
there is another reason .
and it is that they were trained to find the right plan
and then realize it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top you have no time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , huh ?
what they do is that they start with the marshmallow and make prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top so that once again they have the opportunity to repair the prototype .
the designers , the designers , the designers , they , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and with every attempt , the children get instant feedback which works and what doesn 't .
it is the power to work with a prototype is essential , but let 's see how different teams are .
the average , for most , is about average is about average , half of which , lawyers are a little more , but not much , but not much ,
who is the most successful ?
architects and engineers .
it is the highest i have seen
because they understand triangles , they understand , and the geometric geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
ceos are above average but it gets interesting here
put an executive administrator on the team , they become significantly better .
you look around and you recognize this team will win .
you can predict that .
because they have special skills of the
you run the trial , you understand .
and this team , who will take care of the work , will make the team 's performance considerably better .
specialized skills and skills , and their combination to success .
if you have ten teams that are typical , you get about six that are stable .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we were going to bring the
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to them ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built an even more advanced construction , he would have carried the price home .
isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a strong effect ?
we repeated this practice with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now you have understood the advantage of the , uh ...
so became the same bad team of one among the best .
they produced the highest design in the amount of time .
there are more and more lessons for us , about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , " why would anyone , in fact , invest time to create a ...
the reason is , i help create digital tools and trials to help teams create cars , video games and " visual effects . "
and what the police department does is help you identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge provides a common experience , a common language , a common language , the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who are interested can go and visit
it 's a blog where you see how you make the marshmallows .
there 's a there .
they find crazy examples from all around the world , how people tweak and tweak the system .
there are also , there are .
and the most important lesson , i think , is that the construction is actually a ...
it demands that we all our senses to the task , and that we use our thoughts as well as our feelings and our actions in the challenge that lies ahead .
and sometimes a small prototype of this experience is all it takes from a " uh-oh " to a " ta-da "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here
a big machine , a cool , cool machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room must enter .
and you can go to the past , you can go to the future , you can 't stay in here and now ,
and i wonder what you would choose because lately i have often asked my friends this question , and they all wanted to go to the past .
they wanted to go back to before there were cars or twitter or " america is looking for the superstar . "
i don 't know .
i am convinced that one is somehow drawn to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i am not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back to the past not because i am an adventurer
it is because opportunities on this planet do not go back , they go forward .
so i want to go to this machine and i want to go to the future
this is the greatest time ever , on this planet , no matter what scale it is , health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , opportunity , opportunity , a sinking life .
there was never a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are the 80 .
so there better be a " nine " at the beginning of my " a "
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child who is born today in the world , can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox has killed billions of people on this planet .
they have shaped the earth in a way that no war has ever done .
they are gone .
we beat them .
in the rich world there are diseases that millions of us have threatened only one generation ago barely .
german measles , german measles ,
does anyone know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people are the results of the scientific method .
and from my point of view , the scientific method is to try things , see if it works , change it , if it does not , one of the greatest achievements of mankind .
so this is the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are a few other problems , and they are often mentioned
and one of which , despite all our achievements , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
this number rises , and it rises very quickly , and it is shameful .
and not only that , we use our imagination to destroy this world .
drinking water , land of water , rain forests , oil , gas they disappear soon , and if we don 't get out of this chaos we will also disappear
so the question is , can we do that ?
i think it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the land where they live
i think we can power this world with energy that doesn 't destroy it simultaneously .
i really believe that and no , that is not wishful thinking
but this one keeps me awake at night one of the things that keeps me awake at night , we have never needed scientific progress more than now , ever ,
and we have never been able to put him in the right , as we can now .
people fill in their faith so tight they cannot be free
even the truth will not free them .
and listen , everyone has a right to his opinion , even a right to his opinion of progress ,
but do you know what you have no right to ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to find out .
about a decade ago about a decade ago , i wrote an article on " the new yorker " , a little article .
and i was surprised to encounter resistance , to resistance to what , in the end , is the most effective treatment in health care in human history .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and left .
and soon i wrote an article on genetically engineered food .
same thing , only bigger .
people went crazy .
so i also wrote an article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " a " , " why they believed that molecules in a particular instead of a random kind of ...
but you know , i do what i do , i wrote the article , i went on .
i mean i 'm a journalist
we type , we pass , we go eat , that 's okay .
but these articles i was worried about and i couldn 't figure out why , and finally i found out .
and that is because those fanatics who drove me mad were not fanatics .
they were educated people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's be honest .
we have reached a point where we have not the same relationship with progress as before .
we 'll talk about it .
we 're being ironic about it , with a little " progress . "
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know what reason these are .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there is no reason why it shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , chernobyl , the challenger , challenger ,
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right .
ask questions , ask questions , demand proof , demand proof .
take nothing but given .
but now , when you get proof you have to take this evidence and we are not good at that .
and i can say that for the reason that we now live in an epidemic of fear , as i have never seen , and i hope never to see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible , terrible story that linked the history of the measles , mumps , and german measles vaccine .
very scary .
lots of studies were done to see if that was true .
a lot of studies should be done .
the data came in .
the dates came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , none .
it makes no difference because we believe in anecdotes , we believe in what we see , what we believe , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a guy who gives us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result of that was catastrophic ,
the united states of america is one of the only countries in the world where the market for measles
this is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that
well , i understand .
does anyone here have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
it doesn 't happen in this country at all but 160,000 times in the last year .
there are many deaths from measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and messages of fear and illiteracy of , such as oprah and larry king , can preach live .
and they can do that because they don 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same but almost never the same .
and this is something we must learn very quickly
this guy was a hero .
he freed us from one of the worst scourge of mankind .
no fear , no anguish , no anguish ,
the guy in the middle not so much .
his name is paul verrall .
he just , with a couple of other people , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , uh , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , he , uh , he , he , he , he , he , he , he ,
he can save the lives of the five , five hundred thousand children a year .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except paul is walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are and people should just stop whining .
and he actually says so .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul speaks in a public hearing , he cannot testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say , but those vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and this is happening .
we now have measles in this country .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon children will die again because that is only a question of numbers .
and you will not only die of measles .
what about polio ?
a few weeks ago she wrote to me and said she thought i was a bit too shrill
nobody ever said that before .
she wouldn 't shoot her kid for polio .
fine .
you know what ?
we had no polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone in lagos got on a plane this morning and is flying to los angeles right now over ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those ...
and he does not know that he is infected with a paralyzing disease , and we do not know that because that is how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to lie in lies , we love that .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
a little something to help you remember .
i know you did it because half the americans do it every day .
they take the stuff and they take alternative remedies , and it makes no difference how often we find they are useless .
the data is consistent .
you black out your urine .
that 's okay , you want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate drug companies .
we have no faith in the system .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it is very , very , very , very cold and very , very , very , very , very cold .
so we run away from it and where are we going ?
we will walk into the arms of the people .
that 's great .
but you know , this is really a serious business , because this stuff is shit , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
i don 't even know what it is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
when i say this , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
it makes you feel good .
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it is the minister of health , the minister of health , who says , " well , i will not accept the records of my experts
if you go on this path where faith and magic replace evidence and science , you go to a place where you don 't want to be .
you will be able to get to south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that red beets , garlic , and garlic are more effective than prescription drugs that we know can stop the course of aids
hundreds of hundreds of thousands , hundreds of thousands , hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than any other .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
you always have .
now , the most deadly epidemic in which we are now , is this absurd struggle between the , uh , genetically engineered food and the food supply .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphor .
this is ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain of rice , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts has been changed by people .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there was no such thing .
there were no christmas trees we did it all
we 've done it over the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people , millions of people , to prolong their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we reject genetically engineered food .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i hear all the time is too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones we don 't want huge fields with one thing is wrong .
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seed .
and you know what my answer to all that is ?
let 's fix it .
it 's true , we have a huge , huge , but it 's not science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it is right , morality , morality .
you know that science is not a company .
she is not a country .
she 's not even an idea she 's a process
it is a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we are afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people alive
you know , for the next 50 years we 'll have to grow 70 % more food than right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this and we don 't give it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat that rotten , rotten stuff , like , you know ,
it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building everything in it .
and then people could eat and not go blind
and you know what ?
it wouldn 't be , it wouldn 't be , it wouldn 't be , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is why are we fighting this ?
why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want a gene ?
it 's not about gene , it 's not about chemicals .
it is not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our desire for greater food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice krispies , it 's about keeping people alive and it 's time to understand what that means
because you know what ?
if we don 't do this , if we keep doing what we have so far , we are guilty of something that we , i don 't think we want to be guilty , high-tech ,
there is no other description of what is happening here .
it is selfish , it is ugly , it is not worthy of us and we must stop it .
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go to this ridiculous time machine and the future ? "
that 's what i want .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on anything we want .
we can put them where we want them , and we will move them where we will .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but when we get into the time machine and go into the future we 'll be glad we did .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned it 's something the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes real because someone sees it that way .
so that we understand each other , let me show you a simple , simple magic trick .
and i will show you how it works , it is a trick that has , at least , been in every spell book for children .
i , myself , learned it from cub scout magic , the boy scout , the boy scouts in cub scouts .
i 'll take it out for you and then explain it .
and then i will explain why i explain it .
see what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i will hold the knife in my fist .
i slide back my sleeve .
and to make sure nothing disappears up my sleeve or comes out of it , i will just my wrist right here .
in that way , you can see that nothing moves at any time , as long as i 'm here , nothing can go up my sleeve or come out .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well the knife will be held by my bare physical magnetism
in fact , it is so stuck in its place that i can shake it without the knife falling .
nothing goes up my sleeve , or comes out , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , this is a trick that i often teach little children who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it is a very simple trick
i suppose many of you know this trick in the hall .
this is how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand
i say i bend my wrist to make sure nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that is a lie .
the reason i hold my wrist is because it is the real secret of illusion .
at the moment when i put my hand from you , to see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , from where it was , in a position where it is so .
great trick ?
back there is someone who had no childhood
he 's right here .
and when i turn around , the finger changes position .
but that 's not what this is about , and then i open my hand .
of course it is being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i close my hand , it is hidden by this movement that the finger is back to it .
i take this hand away and here is the knife
you can show this trick to your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the ...
a year or so ago , i read a study that really hit me .
i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and that 's why this was an amazing thing to me .
it turns out that if you offer a placebo in the form of a white pill , in the shape of a pill , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain ...
but if you change the shape in which you administer the placebo , for example , change into a small pill , and color this blue and shape a letter on it , it is actually more effective .
and that , even though none of them are just pharmaceutical , it 's just , you know ,
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
what ?
it turns out that 's not all .
when you take pods , they are more effective than pills of any form .
a black capsule that is yellow and red at one end is better than a white capsule
even the dosage matters .
i 'm sorry .
what matters is ...
... that even the dosages play a part .
and the shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate , you have to use the needle .
a syringe , a syringe with a ... a few cc 's of a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
it creates a very strong image in the mind it is much stronger than a white pill
i will show it to you another time when we have a projector
the fact is that the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't look as good as the needle .
and none of it has any really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , really ,
i was wondering if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i take something that is obviously a deception and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to use the needle to get to the point .
this is a 18 cm pin pin pin pin pin , very sharp , and i will at first sterilize a little .
this is really my flesh , it is not my , it is not my , it is not my , it is not my , it is , it is not my , it is not ,
this is my skin , this is not a hollywood , hollywood ,
i will now insert this needle into my skin and drive through it until it is released on the other side .
if you get sick , if you faint , you faint i saw a few friends in the hotel room last night and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted
so i suggest that if you get sick quickly you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know what , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you like .
so , it goes like this , right here where my flesh begins , at the bottom of my arms i will just make a little puncture .
does that make you crazy ?
and now just a little bit through my skin and out on the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation we had when we were in the
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
one , two , three , four , five .
well ...
i know what people think when they see that .
they say , " okay , i 'm sure he 's not that stupid , and he 's not that stupid , and he 's going to skin himself just to talk for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
what does this look like ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay , i didn 't really see it . "
the people in the men 's room are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin , this is not a hollywood hollywood movie .
this is my flesh and i can turn it around .
if you get sick , look away .
okay , let me squeeze some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally i would now remove the needle .
i would clean my arm and show them that there are no wounds .
but i think , in this frame here and with the intent to make something real , i will just leave the needle in there and off the stage .
we will meet again in the next few days .
thank you very much .
everyone talks about happiness nowadays
i have let some people count the number of books that have been published in the title of " happiness " in the last five years and they gave up after about 40 and there were many more .
there is a tremendous wave of the interest of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of ...
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of all this the tide of work , there are several cognitive traps which make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and my lecture today will mainly be about these cognitive traps .
it is for the people who think of their own happiness and it is for scientists who think about happiness because it turns out that we are as confused as anyone else .
the first of these traps is an resist to admit complexity .
it turns out that the word luck is simply not a useful word because we use it on too many different things .
i think there is a certain meaning to which we could limit it , but in all , it is something that we must give up , and we will have to take the complicated view of what is comfortable .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , and in the end , it is the happiness in his life and happiness
and these are two very different , very different concepts , and they are both ...
and the third is the most , and this is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really quite emotional , it ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what it had ruined was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had had beautiful music for 20 minutes
they didn 't count because he left with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he could remember .
what this really tells us is that we can think about ourselves and other people , in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a self , who lives in the present , who knows the present , who is able to relive the past , but only the present .
when the doctor says , " does it hurt when i touch you ?
or " how was your trip to albania ? " or something .
these are two very , very different units , the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
well , the primal self is a storyteller .
and this really starts with a basic reaction to our memories . it starts immediately .
we not only tell stories when we make to tell stories
our memory tells us stories , which means what we can keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
it is no more painful these days , but it was painful when this study was done in the
you were asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and they ask , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that is a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain patient a had patient b , and more .
but now there is another question : how did these patients think they suffered ?
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient " a " has had a much , much , much , much , much , much , much , much worse in the colonoscopy as patient b .
the stories of the people who were different and because a very important part of the story is how it ends
and none of these stories are very inspiring or great , but one of them is clearly ...
but one of them is far worse than the other .
and the one that is worse was the one where the pain at the end was at its peak .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and later , " how bad was the whole thing ?
and she was much worse for " a " for " a " than " b " in " b " .
well , this is a direct conflict between the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
from the point of view , b clearly had a worse time .
it will cause the patient to suffer , but only a little and much less than before .
what makes a story ?
and that goes for the stories that memory gives us and the stories that we invent .
by which a story is a story is a time of great moments and endings .
ends are very , very important and in this case , the end dominated .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
it has moments of time , one at a time .
what happens to those moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them are completely ignored by their own .
and yet somehow you somehow get the impression that you should count , that what happened during those moments of the war has happened our lives .
it is the limited resource we consume while we are in this world .
and how we use up it would seem to be important , but that is not the story that will keep it to ourselves .
so we have the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
the biggest difference between you is how to deal with time .
the second week is as good as the first
it doesn 't work that way at all . it doesn 't work that way .
it 's not much better for the sake of the holiday , it is not for the holiday that is not to be added .
you haven 't changed history .
and in that way , time is , in fact , the critical variable , which is the very , very , very , very , very different .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
there is no voice in this .
actually , we do not choose between experiences , we choose between memories of experiences .
and even when we think about the future , we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we think of our future as memories of the past .
and basically you can think of it , you know , as a tyranny of self , and you can think of it yourself as one who , in so to speak , carries with it , through experiences , that no need for the
i have the impression that when we go on vacation , it is very often , it means that we go on vacation in the service of our own .
and that 's a little hard to explain , i think .
i mean , how much do we feed on our memories ?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the man himself .
and i have , probably , from my memories of this joyous journey i would say for about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half .
there seems to be a disagreement .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation all your paintings will be destroyed and you will receive a drug that you will remember nothing .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the holidays we choose is a problem that comes between the two types of ourselves .
well , the two ways of themselves , they have two words of happiness .
there are , in fact , two concepts of happiness we can use , one per .
so you can ask , how happy is it ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of man himself ?
and they are all happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea of the happiness of the man himself over time .
if you ask for the happiness of the devil himself it is a different matter
this is not about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how happy or pleased the person is when that person thinks about their lives .
very different concept .
anyone who does not separate these words will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i am part of a great many of the scientists of health who have screwed up the exploration of happiness in this very way .
the difference between the happiness of the man himself and the happiness of the man himself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you try to measure the two separately .
the gallup poll has a worldwide poll where more than a half a million people have been asked questions about what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there have been other efforts in that direction .
so over the past few years we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two kinds of ourselves .
and the main lesson i think we have learned is that they are really different .
you can know how happy someone is with his life , and it really doesn 't teach you much about how happy he lives and how happy he lives .
just to give you an impression of the correlation , the correlation is about ...
what that means is that if you were to meet someone , and you would tell them , oh , his father is a , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you would know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone who , as eight , has put his life away on a scale of ten you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what is the happiness of the man who is the .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness is mainly to be happy with people we like to spend time with people we like
there are other pleasures , but that is dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two species of themselves you will in the end do very different things .
the conclusion from what i have said here is that we should not imagine happiness as a substitute for comfort .
it 's a completely different term .
well , briefly , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care for the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy are people in california you won 't get the correct answer .
when you ask that question you think people in california must be happier when they , say , live in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and the difference is , in the climate .
well , it turns out that climate isn 't very important for the climate itself , and it 's not even very important for the climate itself that determines how happy people are .
but now , because it is the responsibility of its own , in the end , some people can finally move to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california hoping to be happier .
well , your self will not be happier .
we know that .
but one thing will happen , you will think that you are happier , because when you think about it you will remember how terrible the weather in ohio and you will feel that you have made the right decision .
it is very difficult to think clearly about well-being and i hope i have given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a rather interesting result that came from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left now ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we have found in the gallup poll is a number we had absolutely not expected to find .
we found this with regard to the happiness of the man himself .
when we , like , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
and it turns out that , under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that is a very large number of american people , about 600,000 , but it is a large ,
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year people are unhappy and they become more and more unhappy the poorer they become .
over there we get a very flat line .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such flat lines .
what happens is obviously that money doesn 't give you money , but that lack of money will surely bring misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in the mind of the other yourself , of the self , you get another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that is not for emotion .
but , danny , in all american ambition , life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people take it seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything we believe , everything we believe , for example , in terms of , uh ...
is there any chance that politicians that the country would generally take a figure like this seriously and based on politics ?
you know , i believe that there is recognition for the role of the
the recognition will be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it is happening right now and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think about politics .
it 's going to be a while , and people are going to be discussing whether they want to study or whether they want to study or if they want to study , so we have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how you can increase happiness is very different depending on how you think , and whether you think of it yourself or whether you think of it .
it will affect politics , i think , in years to come .
in the united states , in the united states , you try to measure the state of the population .
that , i think , in the next one or two decades , will be part of the national statistics .
well , it seems to me that this subject , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you so much for the invention of the
thanks .
i 'm jane , i design computer games .
for 10 years now , i have been developing for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade is to make it just as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save in the world .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing more and more playing more and more games .
right now , we spend 3 billion hours a week with the
some of you may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
but in fact , according to my research at the institute of the future , the exact opposite is true .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the most pressing problems in the world .
in fact , i am convinced that if we are to survive the next century on this planet we must increase this time .
i have calculated that the time required is 21 billion hours per week .
no , i 'm really serious .
this image is pretty much why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of the photographer ,
he wanted to capture the emotions playing , so he set up a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic words of playing .
if you are not a player , you may escape some of the nuances in that image .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a sense of fear , but also extreme concentration , deep into solving a very difficult problem .
when you also play , you see a few shades here , eyes raised and mouth are a sign of optimism the eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player on the edge of a so-called epic victory .
so we have some players here .
a winning victory is a result that is so very positive that you didn 't even know it was possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you do , you are shocked that you are indeed capable of such a , this is a glorious victory .
this player is about to win an epic .
and this is what we must see on the millions of faces of all over the world , when we attack the obstacles of the next century the face of those who , against all odds , stand on the edge of an epic victory .
well , unfortunately we see this face in real life when we face difficult problems
i call it the " in life i am bad " and it is actually my face , see ?
this is me doing the " i am bad in life i am bad "
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my thesis why we are better in games than in real life .
that 's a problem many players have .
we think in reality we are not as good as in games .
and i not only mean not less successful , although that 's part of it .
i mean , with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail when we encounter obstacles we often feel different
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have those feelings when we play games , in games they just don 't
and this is what i was trying to do as a test .
why is it impossible in games to think you can not achieve everything ?
how can we turn these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i watched games as the world of warcraft , which provides the ideal environment for the world of communal living .
and i have found some things that make epic victories so possible
so , first , when you get into one of those , especially at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters who are ready to entrust you with a mission that is to you now .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level in the game , right ?
so you can do it .
you will never get a task you cannot solve .
but always at the edge of your abilities so you must work hard but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft
you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit around , you don 't sit there and you don 't sit there and you ,
and there are plenty of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
it 's not so easy in real life , it 's the feeling that there are tons of employees ready for a job .
also , there is this epic story , this inspiring story of why we are here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard from " level up " and " + 1 strength " or " + 1 intelligence "
this constant feedback doesn 't exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't , i don 't speak + 1 + 1 a crazy idea , plus 20 crazy
i don 't get this feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of warcraft is that it is so satisfying to stand on the edge of an epic victory at any time , that we would rather spend all our time in these
they 're just better than reality .
to this day , all the world of war , together , have spent , together , billions and millions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of reality .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to put it in the context , in the millions of years ago , we began to walk our first straight line .
the first stand-up primate , then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend with games these days , it only makes sense when you can watch the time with regard to the size of human development .
but also , because it turns out that by using all this time to play , we actually change what we , as people are capable of .
we are developing into communal , thinking , what are we ?
that 's the truth i believe in
look at this interesting statistic , published recently by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average young man of today in a country with a strong and strong , will spend 10,000 hours at age 21 .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for kids in the us , in the us , in 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 1
so , here we have a complete and total , where young people also learn what it means to be a good player like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of them read malcolm gladwell 's new " hit man " .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of the success of 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of the world 's great research , that if we spend 10,000 hours with the tedious study of any subject until the age of 21 , we will master it .
we become as good at doing whatever , as the world 's greatest people .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are ...
so the big question is , what exactly are players good at ?
because if we could figure that out , we would have never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , would have , ever , ever , ever , ever ,
so many people we currently have in the world , who spend at least an hour an hour a day with
500 million people who are extremely good at something .
and over the next decade we have another billion players who are extraordinarily good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the energy , the energy , the energy , the energy , the energy , instead of the control , so that players around the world , especially in india , china , can play brazil online .
you expect an additional billion players in the next decade .
that gives us 1.5 billion players .
so i started to think about what it is , what it is that makes us master these games .
here are the four things i found .
all right , think of this as an extreme
it is the desire to do something immediately to overcome an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that a winning victory is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
gamblers are the master of spiders the poets of social nets
there are a lot of interesting investigations that show that we like people more after we play with them even if they beat us badly .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we have the same goal , and will stay with it until the game .
so playing together allows for the growing of bonds , trust , and together .
as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason why the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
the reason is that when we play , we are actually happier working hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that we , as human beings , function at best when we do hard , important work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part in the awe of the mission of more and more .
now , here is a special , to put it on the right light , and i 'm sure you know all the wikipedia , the world 's greatest
the second largest volume in the world , with almost 80,000 entries , is the world of warcraft
five million people use it every month .
they 've been gathering more information on world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in any other world history .
you create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft
all right , so these are four super powers that lead to a single result , players are the most , hopeful individuals .
they are people who believe that as individuals they can change the world .
and the only problem is they think they can change the virtual worlds , but not the real .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward . edward .
his work is a brilliant study of why people spend so much time , energy , money and money in money .
and he says , " we will be witnesses of no less than a ... " in virtual worlds ,
and by an economist , it is logical .
and he says ...
not like me , i ... i develop games , i 'm a little overwhelming .
so he says it actually makes sense because players can do more than in real life .
you can bond in games of stronger social ties than in real life you get more input and reward in games than in real life
so , he says it is now perfectly logical that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , it makes sense .
but it 's definitely not a ...
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event 2,500 years ago .
you know , there are these ancient , ancient , made of , you know ?
before those fantastic , fantastic , there were , like ,
and these were , so to speak , the first of a human , developed ,
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek , of the ancient greek , the story of how and why games were invented .
according to the articles of war , games , more or less have been invented in the kingdom of
it was said there was such a great famine that the king of qin decided to a mad idea
people suffered .
it was an extreme situation .
so they made up , according to the rules of the game , the dice and they agreed a national strategy and one day you would eat , and the next day you would play .
and they would be so absorbed in the craps game , the games are so fascinating , and surround us with a more satisfying , more satisfying , more efficient productivity that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day you would play and the next day you would eat .
and according to the laws of war , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 'll play games today
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world
we use games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that in real life is not satisfying and we get what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the thrill .
after 18 years of famine , the king decided to throw a final dice .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a dice game and the victors were to go on an epic adventure .
they left , they left and went to search for a new home , leaving as many people as there were food to survive , and with the rest , to find a place to thrive .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but recent dna dna evidence shows that the , who later formed the roman empire , the same dna as the old ,
therefore , scientists have recently come to the understanding that the crazy story is true .
and geologists found evidence of global cooling , which lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
perhaps you have , in fact , saved your people by playing games for 18 years , and then , for 18 years , you have had this inspiration and so much about playing together that you have saved the entire civilization .
we can .
we 've been playing " warcraft " since 1994 .
this was the first time in real time in real time in the world of war , 16 years ago .
for 18 years they 've been playing the world , we 've been playing the warcraft for 16 years .
i say we are ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half of their civilization to search for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world .
i know you will ask , " how do we solve the problems of the real world ? " and this is what i have dedicated my work to the institute for the future
we have this banner in our offices in palo alto , which is how we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future .
what we want is the future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome , and then people , to put that idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach .
i will show you , for a very short , three games i have designed to try to make men of epic victories in their own future .
this is world without oil
the game is 2007 .
it is a place in which you have to overcome a ...
we tested this game with 1700 players in 2007 and we 've been with them for the past three years .
and i can tell you , it was an experience .
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they are in an epic adventure and they say , " we are running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure to go on .
find out how they would survive , and most of our players , who , in the game , have kept the same routine .
so , for the next game , we have put a bigger , higher goal , higher than just a
we have developed the game of " the " the " the " institute of the future .
the point of origin is the figure of a man who has only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is known as " the global , "
the call to the players to sign in , we have made almost like a " a "
you know , jerry and jerry , where there is the " space " , you have the astronaut , the scientist , the an ex-con and only together you can save the world .
eight thousand players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions that you can read up on when you google
and the last game we bring out on march 3 , it 's a game in cooperation with the world bank
when you complete the game , from the world bank , you will receive the award of social media , end of 2010 .
we work with universities all over the world , and invite them to study social remodel .
we have a comic , we have " level high " for " understanding , " understanding , sustainability , vision , and imagination .
i would like to invite you all to share this game with young people , all around the world , especially in the world , who benefit from sharing their own social ventures together to save the world .
i now come to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we have not yet saved the real world .
well , i hope you agree with me that players are human resources we can use to work in real life and that games have a great meaning for change .
we have all these super powers , super strength , increased productivity , the ability to make close social nets , and the need for more meaning .
i really hope that together we will play great games to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
when i return to the next decade , i am certain of two things that we can create any future imaginable and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i would like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago when i was writing an article for italian ,
i used to write , i always have my text ready , but i was already done working on the text , and i realized i have never looked up in my life what the word " retarded " really means .
i 'll read you the entry .
healthy , strong , strong , efficient
of course , it was an old , old , old , i just thought that the issue must be pretty old .
but , in fact , it was an issue of the early ' 80s when i was just starting with elementary school and starting to build my self-image outside of my family and form , even in terms of other children and the world around me .
and , thank god , i didn 't use a , uh ...
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life can , in no way , but today i will celebrate the odds and adventures i have .
so i immediately called up the ' 09 ' 09 " and i expected to find a more important contribution .
here 's the updated version of this , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
unfortunately , it 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words in " close to close " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's about what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it is about the values that are in these words and how we construct these values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including those of the greeks and the romans , have truly believed that the language of a curse has a great power because what you say out loud can also manifest itself .
so what are we supposed to manifest - a disabled person or a powerful person ?
even calling a man careless as a child could be enough to narrow them down and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be better to open doors ?
a man , who opened doors for me , was my pediatrician at the
his name is dr. , he is , he is , he is , as you can imagine , most americans have not been able to pronounce , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. always wore very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
i thought the time i spent in this hospital was just great except my physical therapy .
and imagine , even when i was a child with dr. p. and i tried to stop this exercise , i had no success .
and if you succeed i will give you a hundred dollars
and i wonder today , how his vision of me , as strong and beautiful young girl , made me the image of myself , and i , so i could think of myself as one of nature of powerful , powerful , powerful , powerful , and more powerful .
it is only an example of many , how adults , in children 's minds , can inspire a child .
but as the already , as the already the examples of the already , from the ancient times , our language gives us no room to imagine what we would all wish to give to each and every one to see ourselves as a powerful man .
our language is behind the social changes which , in many cases , were caused by a technological change .
so perhaps this technological change has made it more clear than ever that there has always been a different truth , that every man in society can give something more and more and more , and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest plus .
but the truth is that we change , and , of course , we are , of course , we are , by the challenge , whether it is physically , emotionally , or both .
and i say that 's good .
adversity is not an impediment that we must overcome to better deal with our lives .
adversity is simply part of our lives .
and i tend to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he is very much , sometimes he can barely see , but he is always with me .
and i will not , by no means , reduce the effect or the struggle of a man .
in life , there are opportunities and challenges in life , and they are but reality , and each person is different , but the question is not whether we can deal with adversity or not .
so not only are we responsible not only to save the people we love but also to prepare them to get well with it
and we do no favors for our children if we make them feel they cannot adapt .
you have to separate two things clearly , one is the medical fact of being amputated and to the other , the social opinion of whether i am disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and lasting disability i had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks that she can describe me with these definitions .
maybe it is the current concept that only takes care of what is broken , and how we fix it , for each and every one a greater handicap than pathology itself .
if we do not treat a man who is not to be treated and not to perceive and recognize all his power and opportunity , in addition to the natural struggle they may have to fight , another disease .
we a man who has value for our society .
so we have to look beyond the surface and focus on all areas of human possibilities .
the most important of all is that there is a connection between the perception of our ... our ... our ...
we should not underestimate or deny these times , we should not try to avoid them , or should we sweep them under the carpet , but to recognize the odds .
it is perhaps more to me to make it clear that we must not overcome adversity , but that we are open to embrace it , to grab it by the hand , and to use the head of a sword and perhaps even dance with it .
and maybe we can , to think of adversity as something natural , more natural , more useful , and not feel so burdened by their presence .
in this year , we celebrate the 200 , charles darwin 's birthday , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed to something very true in human character .
i would put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survive , not the most intelligent of his kind , but the one who can best adapt to change .
conflict is created from creativity .
not only from darwin 's work , we know that man 's ability , to survive , to survive , to survive , to survive , is the battle of the human mind , to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adjustment are man 's greatest skills .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we are truly tested .
perhaps that is precisely the point of adversity , a sense of self , a feeling of our own power .
we can give ourselves something .
we can give adversity a new meaning that goes beyond difficult times .
maybe we can see adversity as change .
odds are against a change we have yet to adapt to .
i think the most damage we have done to ourselves is to think that we should be normal .
who is normal ?
there is no normal .
there are the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to get to know this poor , grey person if it really existed ?
i don 't think so .
we have found that we , members of the members of our society have always demanded that we be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , older people and people , with serious physical injuries , and that may have been because the life experience of these people was valuable in the struggle for survival of society .
you did not think of these people as broken and useless they were treated as something special and precious .
a few years ago , in the city where i grew up , i went to a " red zone " in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was there a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me say , " if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and see this older man i had no idea who he was
and i said , " sorry sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you can hardly remember me .
when i first saw her i took her from her mother 's belly
oh , him .
and of course , it just clicked .
that was dr. keen , a man i knew only from my mother 's tales about this day , because , of course , i , for my birthday two weeks late
my mother 's doctor was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who gave birth to me .
and because i was born without a , i was born , and my feet were set upon them , and i only had a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger who had to deliver bad news
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial that factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , dr. keen changed his mind .
he had understood that the medical diagnosis and how someone handling it are two different things .
and i , too , changed my thinking in the course of time , if at the age of 15 you would have asked me if i had swapped my legs for flesh and bone , i would not have hesitated for a second .
i wanted to seem normal .
if you ask me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's what happened because i experienced something with my legs and not with those experiences .
and perhaps this change could also happen because i have met so many people who have opened doors for me , instead of meeting people who narrow me down or wanted to give me an idea .
you see , it really only takes one person to demonstrate how you can manifest your powers and you are through .
if you allow someone to activate their own inner powers , the human mind is so , if you can , and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , you are a very good teacher to these people
they teach them to open doors themselves .
the real meaning of the meaning of the meaning of the word " the . "
it means to create something that is in you that is the potential .
once again , what potential do we now seek ?
back in the ' 60s , in the uk , a case study was conducted in the uk , and at that time ,
what they call it is , in the united states , " tracking . "
the students are divided by notes .
and the " a " students are severely tested , the better teachers , etc .
you then , for over a period of time , students with a " enough " the " a " , " very good , " they were told they were aces , that they were very smart , and after those three months they actually wrote " a "
and , of course , it breaks one 's heart to hear that the other is said the other , that they are only enough .
and so it was after three months .
but only those who were still in school except the students who had quit school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't in on it .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the and that the students with the grade are enough , and so they taught them and treated them .
the only real handicap is a broken spirit , a broken spirit who has been broken , has no hope , no hope , he will find nothing , he is not our natural , a child 's and our natural ability of imagination
but if we manage to support the human mind , to continue to hope , to find ourselves and other people around , to be curious and imaginative , then we use our powers to be truly positive .
when a spirit has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are now ?
suppose i said that with a few changes in your genes , a better memory could be more precise , more precise and faster .
or do you want to be better , stronger , more powerful .
do you want to become more attractive and more confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you are one of those who have always longed for more creativity
which one would you like most ?
what would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one , it would be a different world .
is it all just my imagination ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a constant theme here on the world , but today i would like to give you a doctor 's opinion on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , the great geneticist in the late 20th century , who was also a member of the russian orthodox church , once wrote an essay called " nothing in biology makes no sense except in the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , remember , is it only about the past or is it about the future ?
is it for others or is it for us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of this , far at the end , is of course what we are most interested in .
we branch from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in that time period , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of ...
some have come and gone .
we have been here for about 130,000 years .
it seems we are rather remote from the other parts of life , but in the most part , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it and can commandeer the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human protein which is used to treat diabetics ?
this is not like , this is the same protein that is , chemically , from what comes from the pancreas .
and speaking of germs , are you aware that each of us in our intestine is more bacteria than cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times that .
i mean , do you think , when antonio , when he asks for her , you think about the bacteria ?
our gut is a wonderfully nutritious environment for these bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's wet , it 's very comfortable
and you will give them all the nutrients they could only wish for , without making any effort .
it really is an easy way for bacteria , with the occasional interruptions of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh ,
but otherwise , they are a wonderful environment for these germs just as they are important to their lives .
they help with the digestion of nutrients and they protect against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of a balanced balance , in the shape of a ...
or are we destined to become something else - something that might even be better adapted to the environment ?
in this vast , unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single beat , and of human life , a small ,
that was us .
this also represents the most important of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first college .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i found that in most , the existence of life , the life of a living in a more complex , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell ,
but at the time when , when the organisms appeared , things began to change .
sexual reproduction .
with the introduction of sexual reproduction passing the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the death of the death of our body is in the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i have come to understand the feelings of george burns , who , in las vegas , is in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him , there is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here for "
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the understanding as a doctor that i had a purpose that was different from the goal of evolution not necessarily contradictory , but different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after illness
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life
evolution is all about the passing of the human body to the next generation , adapt and survive generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i , like booster rockets , are designed to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to then fall into the sea .
i think we would all understand the mood that woody allen expressed when he said , " i do not wish to attain immortality through my work
i want to achieve it by not dying
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
not necessarily the greatest , the strongest , or the fastest , not even the brightest .
evolution , the creatures that are best adapted to their environment .
it is only the test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are germs , which are , and thus survive the hot steam , otherwise , if fish were there , it would result in the vacuum of boiled fish , but they managed to make a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we have reached some sort of balance .
and the reason that , in the first , through medicine , we were able to obtain a number of genes that otherwise would have been more and more , from the population .
and second , we , as an environmental group , have created our environment so that we have managed to adapt and adapt to us and adapt to them
and , by the way , we walk and flow and mix so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary , for evolution , in order to survive .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional , of course , by the forces of nature .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation can go , if we , as a species , evolve as a distant planet , there will be isolation and the changes in the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third possibility , a tempting , fascinating and terrifying possibility
i call it ... the new development , which is not just natural , but guided and decided by us , as a leader in the decisions we make .
well , how did that happen ?
how could we do this ?
let we first look at the reality that people today , in some cultures make decisions about their descendants .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not very good for society , but it is what the one and the family decide .
so you think , if it were not only possible to choose the sex of your child but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would heal and prevent disease .
what if they could make the genetic changes in order to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's , or to eliminate the reduce or stroke ?
wouldn 't you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we continue , this kind of change will become increasingly possible .
the human economic project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost $ 2.7 billion .
the next year , when it was finished in 2004 , they could do the same for $ 20 million in ... to four months .
today , you will be able to complete a sequence of the three billion times of the human race at a price of about $ 20,000 and in the space of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality will be that there will be the $ 1,000 human , and it will be available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin can produce in bacteria can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but also for immunity from other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it is an experimental study in motion with a vaccine for the influenza virus that was planted in the cells of a mass infection .
can you imagine anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today and in the future much more will be possible
then imagine only two other small changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and eggs and eggs or the newly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance for a better life , the removal of the diabetes , eliminate the cancer , reduce the risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the same engine , the same engine of science that can make changes to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt , to adopt , to adopt .
why don 't you have the wit of a ken jennings , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the world ?
why don 't you have the fast ones that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and when we are in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want , we will be transformed from the evolutionary evolution to the
we will have a process that usually takes 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are decisions that your grandchildren or their grandchildren will have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that is better , more successful , more friendly ?
or are we going to choose different characteristics that we want for some of us and not others of us ?
will we form a society that is more and more powerful or more powerful and more varied ?
these are the kinds of questions we must face .
and in the deepest of all , will we ever be able to master the wisdom and the wisdom that we will need to make these decisions wisely ?
for better or for worse , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be ours .
thank you .
i would like you to now imagine , a portable robot , who gives you superhuman abilities , or someone else who helps you to get up and go .
we at berkeley , we at berkeley , we call these robots
they are nothing but something they put on in the morning that gives them extra strength and that will increase their speed and that will help them , for example , keep their balance .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not just the merge with it and connect with the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we are working on , we begin to talk about the american soldier , who , on average , has about a hundred pounds on his back , and the request is that you carry more equipment .
of course , this , of course , leads to some significant complications , which , by 30 % of which , will result in some ...
so we thought we would accept this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
so now , let me now introduce to you , or the human , the , uh , the , uh , human , the , uh , the , uh , human , the , uh , human , universal , universal , the , uh , universal , the ... the , the , the ...
with this , i can carry 200 pounds over 200 pounds of terrain , for many hours .
his most powerful design allows it to sit deep , crawl , and carry out the most sublime movements .
it feels what i want to do where i want to go and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to present this device , this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now , let us now take a look at the guy in the wheelchair , something that i , for which i am particularly passionate .
there are 68 million people , believed to be in a wheelchair .
that 's , like , 1 % of the total .
and this is indeed a conservative estimate
we often talk here about very young people who , in the prime of their lives , were hit by fate in the late ' 20s , ' 30s , ' 40s and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it is also about the aging people whose numbers multiply .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a stroke or other complications is the wheelchair .
and so it has been for 500 years since , as i must say , a very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start by writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me now introduce to you , who is now worn by amanda , who , 19 years ago , suffered a heart attack , which , as a result , cannot walk for 19 years and until now .
thank you .
like i said , amanda is wearing our wedding dress .
it has sensors
his fully equipped sensors on the crutches , the signals sent back to our satellite , which is attached to your back .
here are also , also , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
i was 24 years old , and i was in the best shape of my life when i was doing a somersault while i was being carried away .
in a split second , i lost every feeling and every movement below my pelvis .
not long after a doctor step into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you will never walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every shred of hope from my mind .
i have since learned to ski , to climb again , and even to ride with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go so far .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and discuss with you .
it is in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations , not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all in the wheelchair , but for everyone in the same
thank you .
at home in new york , i am head of the development department of a nonprofit organization called robin hood .
if i do not fight poverty , i , as an assistant to a volunteer , will fight the fire .
well , in our city , where volunteers who supported an early retirement community , you have to be at a very early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the special branch , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he was having a very serious conversation with the owner of the house , who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night and she was in her pajamas and barefoot in an umbrella out in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer , who had arrived just before me , we call him , lex luther was the first to meet the captain and was asked to go to the house and save the owner 's dog .
the dog !
there was some lawyer or money manager who , for the rest of his life , could tell people that he went into a burning house to save a living , only because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me .
he said , " you must go to the house
you have to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you think now but i am no hero
i carried my prey back down , where at the front door i met my enemy and my beloved dog .
we carried our treasures outside to the house of the house , where , not surprisingly , he got more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the owner of the house , saying thanks for the brave effort to save her house .
someone who had even brought her some shoes
in both in my profession of robin hood and in my work as a volunteer , i am a witness of generosity and kindness on a great scale , but i also also see the deeds of the deeds and the deeds of the individual .
and you know what i learned ?
they all matter .
so when i look around in this room and i see people who have either been successful or are on their way , i would like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but each day gives us the opportunity to change one .
so go ahead , save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark .
thank you .
i have just come back from a community that knows the secret of the secret of the human race .
a place where the women lead the scepter , with sex say hello , and the game determines the day where fun is a serious matter .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of the wild jungle of the congo
our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimps are known for their aggressiveness .
but , unfortunately , we have this aspect in the story of human evolution .
but the other side of the coin
while chimps are being run by big , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary guys , the , uh , the , uh ,
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
but unfortunately , there are the least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the deep , deep , and are hard to be able to see .
the congo is a paradox a land of extraordinary and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself is the scene of a violent and violent confrontation that has for decades and almost as many lives as the first world war
it does not surprise that this destruction will also endanger the survival of the earth .
and the drop and the drop of the river is that you couldn 't even fill a stadium with the rest of the world , and even then we are not safe , to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear a hidden laughter that shakes the trees
who are these relatives ?
we know them as " love instead of war " , for they have frequent , often , with different partners , and rules of conflict and social equality .
i 'm not saying that that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the world is more than the kama sutra
- --
game is not just game games .
to us and to us , it is a game of the relationship of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn trust and the rules of the game
game is to increase creativity and force , and it is mainly about the generation of a variety of interaction , a variety of ...
and when you watch at the game you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and ritual .
the game is the , the , the , the
well , i don 't know how you play , but i would like to show you some unique footage straight from the wild .
first a ball game on a ball game and i don 't think about football .
so here we see a young female and a male and a male in a female .
look at what she does .
that could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more .
yes !
so it is said that it is common , both in and out of people .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter and it can take many forms of which some are more calm , imaginative , curious perhaps to discover the wonder again .
and i would like to show you that this is a young , a young female , and she will play with water peacefully .
i think , just like you , we sometimes play alone , and we sometimes set the boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that makes us do research and interact , and the unexpected , which we create is the real source of creativity .
this is just a little taste of the ... the ... the ... the ...
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future in which we must adapt to the growing challenges of greater creativity and more powerful cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills
in other words , play is our game .
to successfully adapt to a more successful world we must play
but are we going to make the best of what we have to do with our family ?
play is not silly
but essential .
for a man and a man equally , life is not made of teeth and claws alone .
just when it seems to be the most convenient play may be the most important
and so , my fellow masters , let us embrace this gift of evolution and to play together as we the creativity the camaraderie and wonder
thank you .
i want you to imagine two couples , in the middle of 1979 , on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each a baby is okay .
so two pair , each one a baby .
now i don 't want you to use too much time to imagine the conception because if you imagine the conception all the time you will not listen to me
imagine that for just a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that , in one case , the sperm is a y chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
and in the other case , the sperm has an x chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
they both are . they both are .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my work , i have two hats .
under a hat , i deal with the history of anatomy .
i have been studying , i have been studying , and in this case , i am studying how humans with anatomy dominate human body , animal body , animal body and body , with body fluid , as they thought about body .
the other hat i used to wear in my work is the activist , the activist , as an activist , or , as i sometimes say , as a lawyer of people who are patients of doctors .
in this case , i have worked with people who have social standards in question .
for example , i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
i used to work with people who worked with people who were less than usual .
and very often i have worked with a man who is a man who is a man who is not the average male or female .
and as a common term , we can use the word " a " .
in many different forms .
i just want to give you a few examples of the possible type of the type of type that doesn 't match the male or female standard .
in one case , you may have someone with a xy xy , and the , the , the , the , the , the , that we all have , will grow to be testicles .
and that 's why the testicles in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
but because this individual lacks the receptors to detect the testosterone , the body does not react to the testosterone .
and that 's what they call it .
so much testosterone , but no reaction .
as a consequence , the body is more advanced to the typical feminine process .
when the child is born she looks like a girl
she is a girl raised as a girl
but it takes most of the time until she reaches puberty and her breasts grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone thinks that something is different .
and they run some tests , and they find that instead of ovaries and womb , she actually has testicles and that she has a y chromosome .
it is important to understand that you might think that this person is actually a male , but they are not .
women , like men , have something in our bodies , that is called a
they are in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands , the adrenal glands , and the adrenal glands , the , uh , the , uh , the adrenal glands , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
most women , as i believe to be a typical woman , i don 't know my true love , but i think that i probably have the typical , most women like me , are actually referring to the
we , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are , we are ,
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that was more exposed than a woman who was born with testicles and has a penis .
so sex is really complicated , and not just in the middle of the spectrum of sex in a certain way , they can be spread all over the bandwidth ,
he had an extreme form of a congenital birth defect .
he has taken xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so highly active that they essentially created a male form .
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was exposed to the more mature male part of the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - nobody knew anything .
and only when he was 19 years old , he had enough medical problems , in fact , because he felt inside that the doctors found out that he was female inside .
okay , just one more quick example for a version of a ...
some people , with xx chromosomes , develop something that is called
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason why children , with this kind of body , it is that it is , or , if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is , or if it is
in many cases these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason you are often handled by different types of surgical procedures is because you threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain , uh ,
so we have the concept that to be a woman is to have a female identity , to be a black person , is to say that to have an african anatomy in your own history .
so we have this very , very , very , very bad idea .
and when we are faced with a body which , in fact , represents something very different to us , it will confuse us with the
so in our culture we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born who are two people in one body
as i had seen most of the excitement lately , the south african runner caster caster , last year , whose gender was questioned at the world championship in berlin .
many journalists have called me to ask , " what test will you take that will tell us if caster female or male ? "
and i had to explain to journalists that there is no such test .
we now know that gender is complicated enough that we must admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and female , male and female , and female and female ,
and that is not only about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be much more complicated than our terminology has .
in our minds , we are in all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
we , for example , to the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimps .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that you and i are the only difference between us and you ?
as we continue to advance our science , we are becoming more and more and more and more into a zone in which we must recognize that the most basic categories that we have had are probably too simple .
we see that in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas in which we see this , in today 's culture , in today 's united states the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult talks about , at which point a body becomes a man , so that he has a different right than life .
we have very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as public as in medicine as in when someone is dead
our ancestors had never once had so hard to fight the question of when someone was dead
they held a feather in someone 's nose , and if it moved , they still haven 't buried it .
if she didn 't move , they buried her .
but today , today we are in a situation where we , humans , take out vital organs and transplant to other people .
and as a result , we get caught in the struggle with the really difficult question of when someone is dead , and that puts us in a very difficult situation where we no longer have as simple categories as before .
now you might think that all the falling out of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i am politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies but i must admit it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are much more uncertain than we thought makes me tense .
and it makes me tense about the thought of democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first admit that i am a big fan of the founding fathers .
i know , i know that they were , i know that they were , but they were great .
i think that you were so brave and strong , and so radical in what you did that every couple of years i find myself looking at the
it 's because of what happened in 1776 with the war .
the founding fathers , from my point of view were the original
what it was , what it was , was , was , was , was , and they replaced it with another , which was radical and beautiful , and for 200 years was essential to us .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was , in fact , based on a very fundamental concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on the dna , but they had a concept of the
they had a concept of blue blood .
they felt that people who had political power should have this political power , because of the , uh , grandfather 's , father to son and so on .
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new concept and this concept said that all men were created equal .
they played the playing field and decided that , anatomically , the similarities , were not the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did that part because they were part of a system that had two things together .
democracy grew , but at the same time , science grew .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in the concept of a more modern world .
they went away from explanations of supernatural nature and explained things , like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transfer is based on a very vague form of birthright .
they were moving towards a more radical concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence they talk about nature and the god of nature .
they do not speak of god and nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they provided us with a concept that was of more common in common .
and with that , in a really wonderful way you have prepared the future civil rights movement .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years later ?
and women succeed .
next came the successful civil rights movement where we people saw , like , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the ranks of the people who say , " i am a man . "
again , people of different colour , who , on different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different , different .
we see the same with the same at the same time .
of course , the problem is that as we begin to look at all the similarities we must begin to question why we maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i want to maintain certain breakups , anatomically , in our culture .
i , for example , would not give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should separate from the anatomy
i don 't want to say that five year olds should have the right to give their consent to sex or to marry .
so , there are some of the most painful breakups that make sense to me that i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to try to find out what it is and why we keep it and if it makes sense .
so let us return to those two who were conceived at the beginning of the day .
we have two creatures , both conceived in the middle of 1979 the exact same day .
let us imagine that one of you , maria , was born three months early , born june 1 june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other side , is born in due date , born on march 1 , 1980
just because of the fact that maria was born three months earlier , she gains all possible rights three months before henry the right to have sex , the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich has to wait for all of this , not because he has , in fact , a different biological age , due to his birth .
we can find other ways to which are your rights .
heinrich , since it is believed that he is a male , although i have not told you that he is the one with the xy , it is believed that he is male , he can now be moved in , which maria has nothing to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , can not , in all the states , can not , in all the states , have the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states .
so , we have these permanent , permanent , permanent , categories that are problematic and questionable in many ways .
and for me the question is , what will we do , since our science has made so much progress in the anatomy that we reach a point where we must admit that a democracy based on anatomy could fall apart ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes it feels like science has its own .
so where are we going ?
it seems that our culture takes a kind of a pragmatic attitude , " well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so let 's draw it somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught up in a very strange position .
so , for example , at one point , texas decided that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
now , in practice , people are not tested for their test results .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the story i told you about the , uh , the , uh ...
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , in his " i have a dream , " he offers us a solution .
he says that we should not judge people not by the color of their skin , but by the nature of their character and so beyond the anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i would also like to say that i , too , probably know some of the more talented , the more able , the more able , the more able , the more powerful , the more powerful , the more powerful ,
so how are we to question the nature of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that , in the future , would be something that , in the future , could be made visible in the form of a ...
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader in thinking about questions of democracy
in our struggle for democracy , we have done our thing well , and i think we would do our thing well in the future .
conditions like this do not exist among us .
i 'm glad to say that we do not have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who had brought a pair of siamese twins with him to separate them in part to make a name .
i told him , " now have you considered political asylum instead of an operation to separate them ? "
the united states gives an incredible opportunity to allow people to be who they are without change for the will of the state .
that 's why i think we must lead .
well , just to close , i would like to know that i have spoken a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy could look like or could have looked if we had the mothers involved more .
and i would like to say something that is a bit radical for a feminist , and i think that there could be many different kinds of insights that could come from different types of anatomy ,
for years now , because i was interested in , i was also interested in research in the field of research .
and one of the things that i find very interesting is the difference between men and women in the way they think and in the world .
what we have learned is that women , on average women , not everyone , but on average , are more likely to provide complex social relationships and care for people who are vulnerable within the group .
and so , when we think about it we have an interesting situation ahead .
years ago , when i was making a film , one of my fellow countrymen , who knew my interest in feminism i considered myself a feminist , i still do a very strange question .
he said , " tell me what is feminine about feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i ever heard .
in feminism it is about the racial stereotypes , therefore nothing is female .
but the more i thought about his question the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism
it is said that there may be something , on average , that women 's brains are different from male , which makes us more aware of the more sensitive social relationships , and more attentive , to provide for the more
and maybe this is where we must go in the future , when we think of democracy through anatomy without thinking less about the individual body for identity and more about relationships .
so that if we , as a people , try to make a more meaningful connection we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i am jessi and this is my suitcase
but before i show you what i have in it , i will make a very public confession , and this is i am obsessed with outfits .
i love to , at every opportunity , to find a different , crazy outfit to wear , and recently to photograph and blog .
but i don 't buy anything new .
i get all my clothes from the second hand on the back and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
allow me to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people , my dollars are usually for a good cause , i look quite unique , and it does shopping for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what will i find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
when all the answers are yes i feel as if i have won
i come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week here with ted .
i mean , what does someone bring with so many outfits ?
i will show you exactly what i have brought
i brought seven pairs of panties , and that 's all .
panties for exactly a week are all i put in my suitcase
i bet i 'd find anything else i wanted to wear when i first came to palm springs .
and since you haven 't heard of me as the woman who is walking around with ted in her underwear that means i found some things .
and i want to show you my outfits for this week .
sound good ?
while i do , i will also give you some of the lessons , which , believe it or not , i have learned from these adventures to wear nothing new .
let 's start with sunday .
i call that the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than $ 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket , cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive one i wore this week .
on monday , color is a bit of colour .
it 's almost physiological impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're wearing your trousers .
when you 're happy you attract other happy people
the adaptation is highly overrated .
i have spent a very long time of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
when you surround yourself with the right people , you will not only understand , you will also appreciate .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing dress up or that i remind them of their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say thank you
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , you almost certainly do .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day after day
but only when i turned 30 i really understood what that means
and i will sum it up for you .
if you think you are a wonderful person inside and outside , there is nothing you cannot wear .
so there is no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal truth , five words , golden words ,
and finally , saturday , to develop a unique , unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
it was proved to me over and over and over again that this week when people came to me just because of what i was wearing and i had great talks .
obviously it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn i 'm going to donate all this again .
because the lesson i try to learn myself this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to , i don 't have to do these things emotionally , because right around the corner there will always be another crazy , shiny , shining outfit that only waits for me when i have a little love in my heart
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello everyone
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
this is what we in our lab , what we call the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
let me tell you a little about it .
some time ago , if you wanted to win a formula one race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
this is what you would call a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , in a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
and , basically , it is a system that consists of two parts , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a .
what 's interesting these days is the most interesting is that we start showing up in our lives .
our cities have been equipped with networks and electronics for the past few years .
they become computers in the open .
and as computers in the open , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
when we make up cities , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i would like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the worldwide population live there .
they are 75 % of the oxygen , causing up to 80 % of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , all this experience and power in objects of everyday life .
this is from an exhibition that will be arranged for at the end of the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , start to speak back to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost as if every atom out there becomes both , a sensor and a satellite .
and this changes radically the interaction we humans have with our environment outside .
in a way , it 's almost as if michelangelo 's old ...
well , today , for the very first time our environment begins to answer us .
i will only show you a few examples again , with the idea to exercise our environment and power .
let us begin to perceive .
now the first project i would like to introduce to you is , in truth , one of the first in our lab .
four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer
it was when italy won the
some of you will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then at the end of the ,
anyway , italy won in the end
now look at what happened that day just watching the activity happening on the network .
here you see the city .
they see in the center the colosseum , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you see upstairs the time line .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game begins - silence
france makes a goal .
halftime , people make a quick call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
in a moment , a head bump .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the prime minister and the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the place , massimo , where , since roman time , people go to party to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
this is not about people , but about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips that a mac computer is , how they came together .
but we know very little about where things go
so in this project we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with a few volunteers who helped us a little more than a year ago , in seattle , to mark the things that they knew , different ways of things they could see , things that they would throw away .
then we put the little chips , the little ones , the little ones , on the garbage , and we started chasing it .
here are the results we just received .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with this information , we realized that there are a lot of ...
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data was not available before .
but that happens a lot of useless transportation and complicated things .
the other thing is , we think that if we see every day that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it is still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we throw away every day is still there
and if we show that to the people , then we can move on to a ...
so this is why this project .
and the first project is something we did a few years ago in spain .
it began with a question of the mayor , who came to us and said that spain and spain and spain have a beautiful tradition to use water in public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how can you connect technology , new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was the one that was the one that was , was , imagine these tubes , and valves ,
they cause , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , you know , a , you know , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a ... like , like , a ... like a ... like a ... like a ...
when they fall down , they can write , they can write patterns , pictures , text .
and you can approach him , and he will open up to you , as you can see in this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor , the mayor ,
he liked it very much .
and we were hired to design a building at the expo '
we called it the digital water .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but when you approach it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to reduce the needle , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who wonders what happens inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water not to get wet .
well , should i tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but it was actually more fun that night .
all the children from the village came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had pause and holes in the water , you had to jump now without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people use things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that is the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here is now a picture of the building , with the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and this is what brought us to think about the following project i now show you .
can you imagine , if you can imagine , that you could really start flying .
imagine if you could have little helicopters that fly through the air , and each of you with a little light , with a little light , like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , totally in sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have a sort of ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a
or irregular , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , is not the position of the sun .
you can play with different kinds .
just imagine in front of the screen could just appear in different sizes or sizes in different sizes in different sizes .
but then the whole could be just a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
here you see , a real , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a
if you turn on the light , it looks the same as we saw before .
imagine that every single one of men is controlled .
it could have a pulse of every single impulse that comes from people , from people 's movements or the like .
i want to show you something first .
we worked with roberto we worked with , one of the best ballet dancers of our time , at the metropolitan theater in new york and at the la scala in milan we recorded his movements in 3d to use it as an
here you see roberto dance .
on the left , on the left , you see the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it is , at the same time , a , it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
so they can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we are all , once we are all , you can play with it , and you can play with it , and you can play with it , and you can play with the color ,
that is what we would like to use as a possible impulse for the system .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we work for the olympic games in london .
it 's called the cloud .
the idea , in turn , is to think that we bring people back in to do something and change the environment , almost as we call it , is to build a house , but with a cloud .
imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity .
i think that the remarkable of what has happened over the past few years has been that we have passed from a physical to a digital world .
it has digitized everything , knowledge , and makes it accessible through the internet .
today , for the first time today , for the campaign of the obama campaign , we can from the digital world , from which the
it can be in our case that we use it to design and create a symbol .
it means something built in the city .
but tomorrow it can , to face the challenges to come , think about climate change or co2 emissions , how can we change from the digital world to the physical .
so the idea is that we , in fact , involve people doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is once again a cloud of dust in the same way a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water while our cloud is a cloud of dust .
it is a most beautiful shape in london , but it is covered in gold .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can , in fact , see it from below , share the most important moments for the olympic in 2012 and will use it as some sort of a link to the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at which you can go , like london 's new mountain top .
you can go in .
and a kind of a digital lighthouse in the night , but as a , a new kind of experience for all who want to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , the context is very important to me .
through my work i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , when i saw my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy while trying to grasp what was in front of me .
the ice , around me , it was almost 60 meters from the water and i was surprised that it was a snowflake on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are born to be the calf of a mountain , or by breaking out from out of the sea .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact clearly with their surroundings and their experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can no longer endure and in a fit of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they are isolated , separated and alone , as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i breathe in its ...
as the iceberg melts , it releases the water that feeds many forms of life .
i , in my recordings of these icebergs , i feel as if i were to do to my ancestors , in the knowledge that in these individual moments , they exist from this way , and will never again .
it is not death when they melt , it is not an end , it is a continuation of their journey along the life cycle .
a part of the ice in the ice which i have , is very young a few thousand years old
and part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
the last images i would like to show you , show an iceberg , which i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
very rarely do you actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here you see now .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and where it is located on the surface .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is there .
that 's the average size of an average .
it rises about 120 feet from the water or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was this guy .
his name is ...
he was one of the leading
then one day he came back running and said , " pop , my legs tingle . "
and that was the when .
he is now completely paralyzed .
he can only use his eyes .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design , so graffiti is necessarily a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
we have therefore decided to support tony and his cause
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we will give you this money
what will you do with it ?
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back with him again and i said , " wait , isn 't that - - i have seen stephen hawking - can not all paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , no , only if you belong to the higher , and have a remarkable insurance , you can really do that .
ordinary people , these devices are not available .
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - that 's how their fingers run along
i said , " how can it be ?
so i came with the need to just write a check and instead i wrote a check i had no idea how to cash it .
because it is a farce that someone who still has all that in him cannot communicate .
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people from the graffiti , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then to draw on it with a satellite that only records the negative surface .
so they move around and they do like this .
they say that all the things that are reported up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the bad words , then the bad words , and then the bad , and the last , people actually do art .
but there was always a life cycle in her presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did some things .
one , we have opened the doors to the insurance companies , and we have , in fact , received a device that he can communicate with - - a stephen stephen a .
that was incredible .
i call him yoda because you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i am so not , this guy is unbelievable . "
also , we have brought in seven programmers from all over the world , literally from all over the world to our home .
my wife , my kids and i , we moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists have taken over our house .
many of our friends thought that we were pretty stupid to do it and that we had to do it and that all the pictures on the walls had changed graffiti .
but for more than two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog and we created this .
it 's called a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
it 's a cheap sunglasses we bought on the boardwalk from venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a satellite , we took it , we put it , we put it on a satellite , and now we have a device that is available , you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free to download the software for free
so we have created a device that is completely free of limitations .
no insurance , no insurance .
no hospital .
any cripple can now actually communicate with his eyes or draw alone with his eyes .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
at the end of the two weeks at the end of the two weeks , so we went back to the room .
i love this picture because it is someone else 's room and this is his room .
now there 's all this publicity before the big reveal
and after over over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , and the nights of summer ,
and this is an impressive picture because this is his life support and he looks beyond his life support .
we bent his bed so he could look outside .
we have put a projector up against a wall of the building outside the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time , in the presence of his family and friends , and you can only imagine how it felt in the parking lot .
the funny thing is , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt like we were a part of the ...
in the end , he sent us an e-mail with the following : " for the first time in seven years i drew something .
i feel like i was pushed under water and finally someone reached down and pulled my head up so i could breathe .
isn 't it magnificent ?
it 's kind of like our ...
it keeps us in line and keeps us developing .
and we have much to improve on this .
it 's an amazing piece of equipment , but it 's the same for a ...
and someone who has such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're trying to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then we have received all forms of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it is free , none of us deserve .
it all comes from our own pockets .
" oh , that 's fantastic . "
and then , in december , we were honored as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 which was really great .
the coolest thing about it is - - and that concludes the whole circle - that this april , at the
and i think there will be the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the most , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
you 'll be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
if you see something that is impossible , make it possible .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ... this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this , this ,
make it possible - all of you here .
i 'm not a computer programmer , i 've never had anything to do with anything , but i 've just caught something and surrounded myself with amazing people so that we could work together .
and this is a question that each and every one of you should ask each and every day that you see something that must be done , if not now , when and if not me , who then ?
thank you .
well , i write for children , and i 'm probably america 's most , most , most of america 's most , most , most of all ,
and i always tell people i don 't want to come like a scientist
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen a farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and revelations
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it .
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle began back in the ' 60s at the high school in ' 60s , in ' 01 , ohio , where i was the junior high .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in the black and blue every week until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teachers ' lounge .
she did it in secret
she did it for three years
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 ... and it hit me in san francisco in california ... i found a lover ... and then back in the ' 80s , in the ' 80s , i thought it was important for me to take a job at
about three or four years ago in the middle of the night i received a call from this teacher , mrs post who said , " i must see her .
i 'm sad that we never met as adults
can you please come to ohio , and please come along with the man i know you have found .
and i should mention that i have , and i want you to hurry .
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried and we knew she had to be in a hospice
we found one for her , we took her , and we took care of her , and we took care of her and we took care of her and we took care of her
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , met me , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation of which i have spoken
the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she saved my life and my partner and i saved hers .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i am so glad that this has been so often mentioned .
he also needs ... he needs dignity , love and pleasure and it is for us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a big explosion as you rise to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
think of an engine .
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place on that day , i was sitting on the bench .
i was the only one who could speak to the other .
so i looked right at them and they said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot set up the plane after the hudson river .
that 's usually not the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
can you imagine an airplane ?
and then he said three words - the most words i have ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't have to talk to the manager .
i could see it in her eyes there was terror , life was over
i now want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day
i learned that in one moment everything is different .
while i thought about it later , i remembered a saying , " i collect bad wines . "
when the wine is ready and the person is there i open it
i never want to move anything in my life again .
and this urgency , this purpose has really changed my life .
the second thing that i learned that day ... and that was when we missed the george washington bridge ... pretty by a hair ... i thought , man , there is one thing i truly regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i wanted to become better , in everything that i have .
but in my humanity i also gave my ego space .
and i was sorry for the time i wasted for meaningless things with people who mean something .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and after , when i thought about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't fought with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i no longer try to be right i choose to be happy
the third thing that i learned while the inside clock was , " 15 , 14 , 13 ,
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as you know it from documentaries .
while we crash , i had this feeling , man , death is not scary .
almost as if we spent our whole lives preparing for it .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go i love my life
and this sadness was really in a thought that i wish only one thing
i just wish i could watch my children grow up
about a month after that i went to my daughter 's first year , not much artistic talent
not yet .
i cry like a baby
and everything in the world made sense to me .
i realized at that time , by tying the dots together that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything else my only goal in life is to be a good father
i have been given the wonder not to die that day
i received another gift , to look into the future and come back and live differently .
my call to all those who fly today is to imagine that the same will happen on your flight .
what would you do , that you delay because you think you will be there forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the idea behind the , uh ,
we don 't want iran to make the bomb .
the most important job there for the development of nuclear weapons ... is the nuclear weapons in nuclear weapons .
these are the gray boxes you see here , these are the
if we now manage to compromise the systems , which control the valves and valves , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these grey boxes , they don 't run with , they are based on a completely different technology .
but if we can , if we can , if we can , an effective computer system , is used by a computer , used by a computer , to configure this gray box , we are in business .
and this is the planning behind the back .
so we 'll start with a ...
the transfer into the gray box , damage the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear program is delayed - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
six months ago , when we began our research , we had no idea what was the purpose and purpose of this .
the only thing we knew is very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
and there seemed to be something more , with these grey boxes , these , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , these , uh , these , these , uh , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these
it aroused our attention , and we began a project in which we infected our environment with the infected and examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he was like a lab rat , who didn 't like our cheese , but he wouldn 't eat it .
it made no sense in my eyes .
and after experimenting with different types of cheese , i felt that this was a targeted attack .
fully focused on a specific target .
even if the special program , which is the very , very , very , very special .
and if he doesn 't , then he does nothing .
so this really got my interest , and we started working around the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the goal is .
it , for example , could be , say , a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
so we better soon find out what the target is .
so , we then , we then , we then , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the ,
and we also noticed that they were very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
they knew every bits and bytes they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and since you have learned that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it is much more challenging than anything we have ever seen .
here you see a clip from this ...
we 're talking about - - about 15,000 lines code .
looks pretty much like , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out this code .
so , what we were first looking for , were the first to call , because we know what they do .
and then we went to search for , and then we tried to connect these to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we had to have theories about these targets which we could prove or disprove .
to set up these theories , we call to remember that it is definitely sabotage , it must be a high-value target and most likely it is in iran because most of the infection has been reported .
well , in this area there are not many thousand targets .
basically , it comes down to the world 's nuclear power plant and the nuclear power plant in the nuclear plant .
so i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts who have the power plants and power stations from our client base . "
and i called her , and i called her and i called her to compare her knowledge to what we found in the code and in the data .
and it worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead to the nuclear device .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and when you manipulate the speed of this , you 're actually able to crack the rotor and , finally , explode the centrifuge .
what we have also discovered is that the aim of the attack was actually , to make it happen slowly and scary , obviously in an attempt to make it so desperate that they would not be able to get behind it quickly .
the big digital warhead we have received an insight by studying very carefully data and satellite data .
so , for example , number 164 is very much out of this code , you can 't miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature , about how they are built , and found that they are structured in what they are , in what they are , and each , a cascade , has a hundred and a hundred .
so that made sense , it was a match .
and it got even better .
these terrorist groups in iran are divided into 15 or so .
and guess what we found in the ...
an almost identical structure .
once again , it was a really good match .
and this gave us great confidence for what we have examined here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just .
these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
in any case , we found out that both digital warheads were actually targeting one and the same , but from different directions .
the small warhead will take a cascade , and the rotors will slow it down , and the large warhead will , with six nuclear warheads , interact and manipulate valves .
so , in all , we are very confident that we have indeed determined what the goal is .
it 's just , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by targets .
here 's some really cool stuff that we 've discovered that really got me out of my socks .
down there is the gray box down there , and on top , you can see the ...
well , what this thing does is that it intercepts the incoming sensor readings from the sensors , for example from the radio , and it provides legitimate code , which , during the attack , with false data coming .
and as a matter of fact , this false , incoming data is already recorded by the
so it 's just as it is in the same as in , where , during the car chase , the surveillance camera is fed with the earlier footage .
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outwit the control systems in the control room .
in fact , it 's even more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to outwit a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human brain can 't react fast enough .
so , in a power plant , for example , when the big one is too fast , you have to open it in a matter of milliseconds .
of course , this cannot be taken care of by a human .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they are compromised , then really bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the security cameras nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i say now is very important .
think about it .
he doesn 't have anything special to do with anything special .
so , for example , for example , it would work just as well in a power plant or in a power plant .
it is .
and you don 't have to , as the attacker , you don 't have to put the , you don 't have to , you don 't have to , you know , you don 't have to , you don 't have to , you know ,
you could also use ordinary , ordinary , everyday technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you finally get a more powerful weapon of mass destruction .
that is the consequence we must face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the middle east .
they lie in the united states in europe and japan
so , all these green areas , these are the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we have to face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there has been a lot of reports that people believe that the mossad is behind it .
do you agree ?
okay , you really want to know ?
okay .
in my opinion , mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the superpower .
there is only one , and this is the united states for happiness .
otherwise our problem would be even bigger
thanks for scaring the shit out of us .
i 've spent the last few years trying to place myself in situations that are usually very difficult and dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison .
i used to work in a coal mine .
i have filmed in a very difficult and dangerous
and i have spent 30 days with nothing but this to eat , this to eat , fun at first , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so , when i knew that i would come here to look at the world of , in a , in a , the world of , you know ,
some of you may have heard i put an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent out a couple of special mail , some of the special , and i gave people the opportunity to purchase the
but other than that , it is a very good opportunity .
do you know how many people look at these ?
a lot .
it 's just a working title , by the way .
so , in spite of this warning , i knew that someone would buy the
if you had asked me this a year ago , i would not have been able to tell you with certainty .
but in this new project i 'm working on , my new film , we study the world of marketing , advertising .
as i have said , over the years , i have put myself into some pretty terrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could prepare me for anything as difficult and as dangerous as going into a room with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a film about product sales , marketing and advertising , where the whole film is financed by product production , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called the greatest movie ever paid .
so what happens in " the greatest movie ever paid " is that everything , from top to bottom , from top to bottom , from the beginning to the end , with brands are made by the
now this brand , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
these people will forever be connected to the film forever
and so the film will study this whole idea that is what , forever , forever ?
i am a person i am .
that was more for emphasis .
it was forever , forever .
but we will not only have the brand " x " , but we will make sure we sell every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we can sell a shoe and it will be the greatest shoe ever worn ...
the greatest car you have ever driven from " the greatest movie ever paid " the greatest drink you have ever had , courtesy of " the greatest movie ever paid . "
so the idea is , apart from showing that brands are a part of life , to actually get them to finance the film ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
they 're gonna watch the whole thing go in the movie of pay .
so this is the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy if i could help you to do this .
you know , it 's funny because when i first heard it , it is the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have a perspective i don 't want to use " angles " because that has a negative , but do you know how that will develop ?
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's going to be hard to meet you , but i think it 's definitely worth talking to some really famous brands .
who knows , when the film comes out , we might look like a bunch of idiots .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the film or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
i need help
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we have to figure out which brands .
yeah .
when you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn the camera off " would mean that we were going to have a ...
it turns out it actually meant , " we don 't want anything to do with your film . "
and just like that , all these companies disappeared one after another .
nobody wanted anything to do with the film .
i was surprised .
you wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this new , new and old , new and old , and the cut , it is not the idea , to be in this new , exciting , new , new ,
no , that was what i thought .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal error and this was this .
actually , no , that wasn 't the fault at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
you see , when you enter , when you enter transparency with the camera , this is one of the first images .
i really like your kind , sergey , your kind .
that was the problem - - transparency free from deceit and deceit , simply to discover and to see and immediately to understand :
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency right now .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our ceos say it .
but when the time comes for it to be done , something changes .
well , transparency is terrifying as this strange , strange bear who still roars .
she 's like this strange road .
and it is also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story but we just want you to tell our story
you see , when i was a child and my father caught me lying and there he sits , looking at me with that look he would say , " my son , there are three versions in every story .
there is your version , there is my version , and there is the true version .
so you see , with this film we wanted to tell the true story
so what they suddenly began to understand or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies the idea of how your brand is understood is a comprehensive problem
i have friends who make big , big , giant , giant , and i have friends who make little , like me .
and my friends , who make the great , the great , the great , the great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great .
and then , my friends , my friends , who make little , " well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big ,
and the movie is called " the greatest movie ever paid . "
how exactly will we see ban in the film ?
every time i go , every time i open the medicine cabinet , they will see ban deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
are you ready ?
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of these great smells .
it 's either " a " or a " paradise wind " , you will choose .
we will provide for both men and women , his ... his ... his ... his ... his ...
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all your questions and give you a nice , quiet version .
we are a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller films , we , as a brand , are a challenger .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing stuff like that , you know , reminds people of ban that 's kind of why we 're interested .
in what words would you describe ban ?
ban is broke
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone should put under their arms .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , " fresh " is a great word that this category actually makes a bit of a " fighting smell and moisture " .
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , more fresh , more fresh , three fresh .
things like this have a very serious effect .
and this is a ...
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who is like me ,
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your brand ?
my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
" ' 80s revival meets on the ' 80s , except on laundry day .
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of black colors and stuff .
but usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the brand i am , i 'd say , smooth fly .
i don 't know
man 3 :
i sell all over the country .
so i think this is my badge .
this is my brand in my little , distorted industry .
my badge is fedex because i deliver goods .
brand , brand ,
can you ?
i 'm a professional .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the most glamorous , but i often see myself in the part of dark and dark and black fly .
and what i realized was i needed an expert
i needed someone who could get inside my head , someone who could really help me to understand what they call " the "
and so i found a company called olson ,
they have helped companies such as companies , companies like companies , companies like companies ,
if you could do it for them , you could help me .
you brought your pictures .
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little about how your thoughts and feelings about yourself are connected .
these are the people who shape my
tell me about this world .
i think your world is the world where you live like people around you , friends , family , the way you live your life , work and all .
all these things come and start from a place and come to me and start with my family in west virginia .
what is the next you want to talk about ?
this was the happiest day of my life
in what context is that to the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it is what i want to be
i like things that are different .
i like things that are strange .
tell me about the " why " .
what is the machete ?
why is it important ?
tell me a little about this part .
a little more about you that aren 't you
what other tests did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you ?
no thank you
thank you for your patience .
very well .
yeah , i don 't know what will come of it .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that the two of her was separated , but the two sides of her , the morgan evans family is a playful / brand .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands ?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , target , wii , mini from mini cooper 's ,
well , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's a , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's ,
what 's your badge ?
if someone would ask her to describe her , her , her , her , her , her , what would she be ?
are you something that brings the blood in blood ?
or are you more , like , a ... are you , like , a ...
are you something a little quieter , more conservative , more conservative ?
you are the things which are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , fashionable , adventurous , and as lovely as flynn ,
or are you more , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a ...
are you as alert and alert like 007 ?
are they established , are they , are they , traditional , protective , compassionate like oprah ?
are they reliable , stable , family , safe , safe , secure , holy and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and up and down and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they wanted nothing to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of the , the story of how we tell the story in this film , that today you use the brain to make both commercials and movies .
we went to sao paulo , where it was forbidden .
in the whole town , for five years , there have been no signs , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we used to go to places , where companies set their way in schools , all across america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects that i got most of the feedback from or where i had the most success , are the ones where i can do things directly .
and this is what those brands did
because you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you ... you
i will deal with the artist directly .
i will work with him and create something completely different , something that will make people think that our world is challenging .
how was that for you ?
well , since the film was opening at the sundance film festival , let 's see .
according to the tv news , the premiere was in january , and since then , and that 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million hits from this movie .
it actually only takes about two and a half weeks .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
it doesn 't even exist online .
he hasn 't come out in other countries yet .
well , finally , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended your clients to keep their hands off .
what i firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risk , you prepare the entire company for profit .
i have the feeling that we must encourage people to take risks in advance .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
finally , in advance , we should welcome fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear , welcome the risk .
each a big spoon full , we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty brings us far .
and that being said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk " welcome transparency " was brought to you by my good friends of mine ,
big data is turned into great opportunities for organizations all around the world .
_
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of transparency this , what exactly happened to the $ 5 million ?
that 's a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , in my pocket , a check made out to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something different at google , and i suggested to do something with museums and art , and my boss , who is also today gave me a green light .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will concentrate on the demonstration
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and your access .
i grew up in india .
i have been given a great education i do not complain but i had no access to museums and art of art
when i was traveling and visiting these museums i began to learn a lot
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this longing ... to make art more accessible ... with technology .
we then formed a team , a great team , and we started this .
i think i 'll start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so , you just go to ...
you can look in all these museums .
there is the , the moma , the moma , the hermitage , the gift , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my dearest , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you come in for two - very simple
click , and snap , you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you go around and have fun .
you want to go to the museum ?
open the map and jump with one click .
they 're inside , they want to get to the end of the hall .
have fun .
browse .
thanks , but the best will come .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , patron saint of pieter 's at the met .
i see this .
when the museum gave us the painting , click on it .
this is now one of the pictures .
this is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i click this now .
this is one of the images that we have been holding with the what we call the
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ?
let me show you this .
it 's easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy , his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i began to notice that these kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , i talked to some of the people i met at the met , and i actually found out it was a game by the name of
apparently it was quite popular .
i don 't know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just so you can zoom in on that , i 'll let you see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best will come , in a second .
let 's jump to the moma quickly back to new york
another one of my favorites .
the previous example was about finding details .
but what if you want to see the brush strokes ?
what if you want to see how van gogh made this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm going to zoom in on one of my favorite parts of this picture until i 'm really in the cracks .
this is , i don 't think i 've ever seen .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have time .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called collections .
every one of them , every - rich or poor , whether they have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you can start and build your own museum online , from all these pictures you can build your own collection
simple , you go in , and i have created this , it is the power of zoom , you can zoom in .
this is the " the " , the " the " , the " the " , the " the " , in the "
you can write anything with notes , send your friends , and such a conversation begins about how you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , the main thing for me is that all these wonderful things are not from google .
i don 't think they even come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope that with this digital medium of art , we will live up and represent them properly online .
and the biggest question i am asked the other day is : " did you do this to replicate the experience of a human being ? "
the answer to that is no .
it should complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
this is a representation of your brain , your brain can be divided into two .
that 's the left half that is the logical side and then the right half that is the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the size of each hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , is this someone who is entirely logical .
this would be someone who is completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of the extreme , but i think that , for most people in the audience , for most people in the audience , her brain looks like this , with a very high , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
it 's not like you two are exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most of the other experimental , which requires a good share of logic to put together the complex ideas .
but at the same time we need a good share of intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love to play with things .
so we go out and play with it and then we see how it reacts and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically they do the same .
so , one of the most you 've developed over the years is that at the same time only a thing can be in one place .
i mean , it may sound strange to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they were not born with that idea , they developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a play on a music show .
he was just a kid , not very good at it , and he was always falling .
but i bet that playing with him taught him a very valuable lesson , the great things don 't just let you pass and that they stay in one place .
and this is a great model of the world , as long as you are not a model .
it would be a terrible , terrible , terrible model for a , because you don 't play with , you don 't , but with these little strange little things .
and when they play with their things , they find all sorts of strange things like they fly right through walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
and so you wrote down all these observations and called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the state of physics a few years ago it took quantum mechanics to describe the small , tiny particles .
but they didn 't need to be described around the big everyday objects around us
my intuition didn 't like that , and maybe just because i don 't play with things too often .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , nobody has ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are made of particles and all these things follow the rules of quantum mechanics , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i see no reason why it shouldn 't .
so i would , clearly , feel better about the whole thing if we could somehow show that quantum mechanics follow the rules of quantum mechanics .
so a few years ago i decided to do exactly that .
i made one .
this is the first item you can see , which was in the
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is an image of the object .
we 're looking right here at the center .
and here is a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we are looking at is a small piece of metal shaped like a stepping stone and it is over the edge .
so i did this thing the same way you do a computer chip .
i went to a clean , clean room with a new set of keys , and i spent 100 hours on all the big equipment .
for the last , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool shaped hole and the thing .
this thing has that it has the ability to be in the but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all sorts of strange things , but then other people go , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother you with them , or , frankly , they go
so quantum mechanics tells me that , like , objects that feel the same .
the passengers for objects are not only men , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps by them and the heat of the room
and so we knew that if we wanted to see , that this piece of metal , this piece of metal , it would be , we had to throw all the other passengers out .
and we did .
we turned off the light , we put it into a vacuum , and breathed the air out , and until almost to now , alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his movement .
we realized it was moving really weird .
instead that it lay there in calm and calm , the like it was , the like it was , like this , like this , like a ... like a ... like a ...
in which we gave him a little nudge , we were able to vibrate at the same time and not to vibrate something which is only allowed in quantum mechanics .
what i 'm about to tell you is the most fantastic .
what does it mean for an object to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so , the first case , all the trillions of atoms that the piece of metal is lying there , and at the same time , the same atoms move up and down .
it is only too precise .
for the rest of the time , you 'll be in and out .
it means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which at the same time means the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
i think it 's really cool .
really .
it was worth it for me to spend all this year in the clean room , for , check that , between a single atom between a single atom and this piece of metal is like the difference between the metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine being in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your conscious mind handle that your body is in the room ?
there is another aspect of history .
when we turned the light , the light and the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to come up with this new intuition that it looks as if all the objects in the elevator are really just a sort of a ... a ... a ... a ...
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says everything is connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more , it goes deeper .
it is that these connections , their connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that is the most and strange of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in the year of 2007 i decided that we should think about economic development .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities all in competition for new people .
right now we are far from where we are .
there are billions of people who are not even a single city that would welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so we could make the world a simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , easy , maybe even a hundred of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you now if you have never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just exchange the building of apartments for the cities .
imagine , half the people who want to live in apartments would do that , but the other half would not yet .
you could try to expand the capacity of already existing apartments .
but do you know what you would get yourself into , in these apartments and their environment , laws to avoid complaints and to distract from the build-up .
so it turns out to be very difficult to fulfill all these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block of flats , provided the laws there would support such a build and not interfere .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for a city and give them a name , charter cities .
later i found that at about the same time , javier and octavio thought about the challenges of reform in honduras
in the summer of 2009 ,
in the next presidential elections , pepe lobo won in a change in change , whose program promised both innovation and mediation .
he asked octavio to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was getting ready for a lecture at the
by improving , by testing , and by the study of economic experts , i have tried to reduce this complex concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first point is the importance of laws , the laws , the laws that determine that you are not to be disturbed in the existing world .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress it requires technology and laws , and it is usually the laws that hold us back .
in the autumn of 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent the link to the
who , in turn , showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let us present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december in december in the boardroom at a hotel in miami .
i tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more precious they are than they cost .
and i have used this graphic , to show how valuable it is in a place like new york , and remember that in some cases a area worth thousands of dollars per square foot .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , in a place where there was a pause , and he said , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras , who said that we must make this project , that it is important and that this is the way to bring our country forward
i have been asked to come to you and to give a lecture on the fourth and 5th of january
so i gave another full , full of facts that included a graphic like this , trying to make it clear that if you want to make it worth more in a city it must be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the diagram represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has a area of 100 square miles .
so i tried to convince the people who want to build a new city to start an area of at least 1,000 square miles .
that 's more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
they all applauded .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of the congress came to the stage and said , " professor romer , thank you very much for your lecture , but perhaps we could look at the ...
i have it here on my laptop
so i sat down and you played the game .
and i have come to this new city , that a new city , a new city , a new city , a new opportunity for people .
there would be a chance to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city also makes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it easily reaches a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on january 19 , you voted congress for a change in the constitution in order to have a
in a country that has just now had a violent crisis , congress has voted to a vote in a 124 to a .
all parties , all factions of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it must be approved twice by congress .
on the 17th of february , it was the second time , with 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
shortly after this election , between the 21 st and the 24th of february , a delegation from about 30 to the two places in the world , who were most interested in getting into the business of the world .
one place is south korea
this is a picture of a big , new city center , built in south south south south of the city of boston .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place , which was very interested in the fish market , is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china and the third is in preparation .
so if you actually think about it , that 's where we are today .
you already have a business , and you are already considering this area for the second city .
it has already been worked in a legal system that allows managers to participate and is also working on an external justice system .
a country has already offered to serve its supreme court , as a court of the supreme court , as a court of the state 's appeal of the law there .
it 's also very interesting to be interested .
they even bring in funding .
one thing , as you already know , has already been solved , there are many tenants .
there are a lot of places that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a place , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who say they want to live in a different place .
a million people leave latin america every year and go to the united states
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to do their work sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to afford food and clothing
unfortunately , sometimes even children try to find their parents who , in some cases , have not seen for a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even to build dozens of these cities or spread hundreds all over the world ?
so what is it an idea to demand that every family has a choice between several cities in competition for new people ?
it 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i have recently taken a poll with over 2,000 americans and the average number of decisions made by a typical american in one day is 70 .
in addition , recently , a study was recently made with c.e.o.s , watching the ceos for a week .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues that this ceo is preoccupied with and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo is doing 39 jobs a week .
each of these subjects , of course , were many , many , many , many , many small decisions .
50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
only for about 12 % of their choices they needed an hour or more of their time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of the one in the one hour ?
how good do you think you are to make the decisions ?
today , i would like to talk about one of the greatest ... of our modern times , the ...
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i will ask you some questions and i want to know your answers .
when i ask you a question , raise , since i am blind only your hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the
thank you .
i went to this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very exclusive .
it was a store that was called
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at a time i wondered , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here is the olive oil gang .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the branch manager one day and i asked the manager , " does this model , that you give people all these opportunities ? "
and he pointed to the camera footage of tourists who came every day with their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your ...
they had 348 different kinds of jam
we 've set up a little , uh , front of the store .
we have six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we looked at two things : first , which case would more people stop and try jam ?
more people have stopped when it was 24 , about 60 % , than when it was six , about 40 % .
and after that , in which case , in which case , people bought a glass of jam .
now we saw the reverse effect .
from the people who stopped when it was 24 , only 3 % actually bought a jar of jam .
from the people who stopped when there were six , well , now we see that 30 % of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you do the math , people would buy a glass of jam six times more , who they had six to choose than when they had 24 to choose .
well , deciding not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waist , but it turns out that the
we choose not to choose , even if it is against our own best interests .
so on the subject of the day , financial savings .
i will now describe to you a study , which i have done , with which i , with the , the emir , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and what we looked at was to see if the number of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and we found that there was indeed a connection .
so in these plans , we had , like , planned plans that would offer people something between two to 59 different fund .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , attendance was less .
now , when you look at the extreme , the plans , the two fund , the two fund , in the ' 70s , there was still not as high as we want .
in the plans that offered nearly 60 million fund , the , uh , the , uh ...
now it turns out that even if you are to participate , if there are more opportunities , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to take part , more so that the more opportunities available to them , the more they avoided to choose .
the more opportunities available to them , the sooner they put all their money into pure cash .
none of these extreme decisions are one of the choices that a person would recommend , if we value their future financial well-being .
well , for the past ten years , in the past ten years , we have witnessed the three essential negative consequences that the offer of more and more .
you push the decision , you push it , even if it is against your own best interest .
you make worse choices , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
you prefer to choose things that make you less satisfied even if you make it more objective .
the main reason for this is that we may enjoy to look at these huge shelves full of , mustard , mustard , vinegar and jam , but in fact , we can 't , in fact , draw the , and then we can choose from the fantastic offer .
so what i would like to propose to you today is four simple , simple techniques that we have tested in different ways and different ways that you can simply use in your business .
first , confine .
you 've heard it before , but it was never more true than today that is less .
people are always worried when i say , " limit . "
you 're always worried that you 'll lose .
when proctor and gamble reduced the different head and shoulders of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold her 10 , at the bottom of the lowest , you experienced that , by 87 percent , the profits are a result of both , the increase in sales and reduce costs .
you you know , the average hollywood producer today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers 100,000 products today
but the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
every single harvard employee of every harvard employee now automatically takes part in one of the
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
these are all important possibilities .
and the first thing i ask the staff is , tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell them apart , neither can your customers .
well , before we started at noon today , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said that he was willing to offer to all the people in this audience a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the street .
and i would like to read it to you .
and now i give you a few seconds to read and then i ask you to clap when ready to accept gary 's offer .
anyone willing to accept gary 's offer .
is that everyone ?
all right , let me show you some more .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who is ready for this journey .
i think maybe i heard more hands .
good .
the fact is that you , objectively , had more information the first time than the second time , but i would dare to guess that the second time you felt more real .
because the images made it feel more real to them .
which brings me to the second technique , which will help you deal with the problem of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
it is about that people , to understand the difference between opportunity , must understand what consequences are associated with the individual possibilities , and that these consequences must be vivid and .
why on average people spend 15 to 30 % more when they use a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out that if you can make something feel concrete , it is a very good tool to make people to save more .
and during this meeting , we left this meeting just as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think of all positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
third technique :
we can better deal with more categories than with more choices .
here , for example , is a study that we did in a study we did in a ...
it turns out that in the , uh , supermarket supermarket , up and down in the northeast area , the number of between , uh , different types of magazines from magazines up to magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
there are two different kinds of ...
one is called " jazz " and the other is called " swing "
if you think that the left ad is swing and the right is jazz , you clap your hands
okay , there are a few .
if you think that the one on the left is jazz , and the one on the right is the swing swing , please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is one of the most useless of all .
the categories must say something to the leader , not to whom he provides .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you going to tell ?
my fourth technique , a condition for complexity .
it turns out we can actually handle more information than we think , we just need to simplify .
we must increase the complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let us take a very , very complicated decision to buy a car .
here is a german satellite that offers you the opportunity to complete your own car .
you have to make 62 different decisions to complete your car .
now these decisions are different in the number of choices you offer per decision .
- --
engines , transmission transmission , four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order in which the decisions appear .
half of the customers will go from the many possibilities , 56 to the limited , four gears .
the other half of the other half of the customers are from the limited means , four gears , to the 56 , to the .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you are constantly using the power to make the decision , it means that you will be overwhelmed , i lose you .
what they find out is that the people who , from the many , go to the very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
we 're losing her .
go from the little choices to the many , then stay with them .
it 's the same information , the same number of possibilities .
the only thing i have done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the simple , i learn how to learn how to play
even though the gears choose not to tell me about my preferences in the interior it still prepares me to choose
it also gets me excited about the great product that i have , and so i am prepared to be motivated with interest .
let me get this straight .
i have told you of four techniques , which limit the problem of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
each of these techniques i describe to you today is to help you manage the opportunities well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service to .
because i believe that the key to the best possible choice is to be picky about choices .
and the more we choose , the better we will be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
i 'm kevin , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm
that 's right .
today we want to talk about how videos go viral , and then why it 's important .
we all want to be celebrities , celebrities , singers , when i was young it seemed so difficult
but we have made it possible that all or all of our creative activities can become famous in a part of the culture of our world .
every single one of you could be famous on the internet until next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video every minute .
once again , only a small percentage will ever go viral and look at thousands of times and at the cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things :
here we go .
oh my god !
oh my god !
whoa !
no !
last year bear vasquez sent this video that he filmed outside his house in the yosemite national park .
in 2010 it had been seen 23 million times
this chart shows what it looked like when last summer the video was first popular .
in fact , bear didn 't want to make a more accurate video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he 'd loaded up a lot of online data .
and this video was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel broadcast the tweet that finally made the video so popular .
for , like jimmy kimmel , we present new and interesting things , and show a great audience .
rebecca black " friday " is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it was seen almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like in " double rainbow " it seems to have come from nothing
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday .
if you want to know , these other spikes are fridays .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it was written on , a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j.
what is important is that an individual or a group of people who have taken a position , shared with a great audience , and thus quickly the process .
then this community formed by people who shared this big inside joke and started talking and playing with it .
now there are 10,000 parody of friday on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody of every single day of the week .
unlike the 20th century 's most joyous entertainment , the participation of the community is our way to become part of this phenomenon , either by spreading it or making something new .
this is animation and music on an endless loop
that 's it .
this year it was watched almost 50 million times .
and if you think that this is crazy , you should know that there is one of those that has been watched four million times .
even cats watch this video .
cats look at cats watching that video .
what is important is , the creativity , which is in the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
there have been .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire army of men shot out of the ground from a stupid joke to something we can all participate in .
today we don 't just enjoy something , we do it
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black or " cat " ?
what kind of scripts could you have written ?
in a world where every minute two days of video footage is uploaded , only truly unique and unexpected can stand out , as the videos mentioned .
i admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to watch this great video about a guy in new york protesting parking tickets for bicycles .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't drive the car , but there are often that the , uh , the , uh ...
since it was totally surprising and humorous , casey casey casey 's funny idea and his argument was seen five million times .
this approach is for anything new we do creatively .
and all this leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
creative , creative , totally unexpected , are the features of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to , and in which the audience is determined popularity .
as i was saying , one of the world 's greatest stars , justin bieber , started on youtube .
no one has to give green light to your ideas
and today we all feel we are also the owners of our pop culture
and these are not the characteristics of the old media , and they are hardly the media today , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story is not over yet .
it is a puzzle that is still put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the
imagine the first play , a man who burns his life 's work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
keep him in the sight of the communists invading saigon , as he must admit to himself that his life was a waste
the words , as long as his friends , are now his .
he retreated into silence .
he died , broken by history .
he is my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life
i had to make sure that it had not been for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history has tried to crush us but we have survived .
the next piece of the puzzle is a boat , in the early dawn of dawn , out at sea .
my mother may was 18 when her father died in an arranged marriage with two little girls
for her life had given her a task , the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
all adults knew the risks .
they were the most afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother carried with her a little bit of a ...
if i was caught , my sister and i would have drunk her and my grandmother .
my first memories are of this boat , the steady stream of the engine , the applause of every wave on the bow , the vast and empty horizon .
i do not remember , i do not remember the pirates who came many times , but have been deceived by the men on our boat , or the failure of the engine that wouldn 't start for six hours .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp we ended up in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations who will build a new life together .
we settled down in the ' 70s , one of the working class , an occupied suburb , whose population is made up of wood .
unlike in the , in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
the smells came from the smells from the smells from the world .
and the pieces of broken glass were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they started again .
my mother worked on farms , then on an assembly line , six days , double shifts .
somehow she managed to find the time to take on english and english .
we were poor .
each dollar was assigned and was put into further training for english and math , no matter what we had to give up , most of which were the new things that always came from second hand .
two pairs of socks for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform up to the ankles , for it had to last six years .
and there were the rare but painful and painful choirs of ' chink ' and here and there , ' asian , go home . '
home where ?
something was inside me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i will get out of your way . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house
my mother had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened up a bank account , then she went to a bank and opened a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and inflexible , and stubborn children trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers were built .
i lived in .
in one , i was the classic asian student , who was , inevitably , ... .. who stood , ever , ever ...
in the other , i was involved in uncertain lives , with tragic scars of violence , drugs and isolation .
but so many have received help over the years .
and because of this help , in my last year , i was chosen as young australian boy of the year .
and i was shot from one piece to the next , and the margins didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous , who was now tan le , a refugee , and social activist , who was invited to lectures in places she had never heard of , and in those of which she could never imagine .
i was not familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't .
she reminded me that i was now as old as you when we climbed the boat .
no was never a possibility .
" just do it , " she said , " don 't be what you are not
so i was talking about education and education and the neglect of death and die .
and the more i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all the world , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders of possible .
and even though i had my degree , i realized i couldn 't reconcile myself with a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time it was okay to be an outsider , a new , new in the picture and not only okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
because to belong can so easily lead to the collapse of the world , it is so easy to accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now gone from enough of my time to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as they feared .
opportunities that would not have been allowed , were specifically encouraged .
there there was an energy , a relentless optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the feeling .
so i followed my gut .
i gathered together a small team of people around me for whom the drawer " can not " was an irresistible challenge .
for a year we didn 't have a cent
at the end of one day every day i cooked a big pot of soup we shared
we worked late into the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant and we made a breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the us ,
after only one journey there .
my gut again .
three months later i had moved and the adventure continued
before i finish the lecture i want to tell you about my grandmother
she grew up at a time , in a time in which the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin , whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she made a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case and a bigger sensation than she won .
" can 't not " proved false .
i just took a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died a thousand miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the front door and saw her on the other side .
i knew she had come to say goodbye
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple , in a buddhist temple near her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin
my mother asked us to touch her hand
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest is so cold ? "
" because you hold it since this morning , " he said .
" you did not let it go . "
if there is a bond in our family , it runs through women .
when we see who we were and how life has made us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have got in our way .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i would like to have my own children and i think of the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of ease .
can i give you a bow in your life , who bravely defies the wave , the steady , steady , steady motor , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this and deliver it safely , i would .
also , tan 's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i am here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because this is , of course , a picture you can 't take with your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i received my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
i combined it with my previous taste for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera was the process in planning .
and when you record a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so for me , the photography seemed more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something where the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much more narrow road .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and yet keep a realistic level .
or pictures like these - - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common goal to keep a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos where you have to think for a moment to find the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is it about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of the end it is about how we interpret the world and how it can be done on a concrete surface .
it 's not about what is real , but what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfect physical objects that we can all identify with in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way combined together , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it could exist .
but at the same time we know that is not possible
so we cheat our brains because our brain simply does not accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process , combined in photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think they are the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our everyday lives
but when we combine photos together , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just look kind of wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a real result .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
combined but you can create something special like this .
the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
number two , combined photos should have the same number .
and these two images meet these two demands shot from the same height and the same .
three , it is about making it impossible to make it impossible to tell where the individual images begin and end by combining them as seamless .
makes it impossible to tell how the photo was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that it 's just a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ...
but this picture is , in reality , fully composed from photos from different places .
i , personally , think that it is easier to create a place than to find a place because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew it would take me several months to plan to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been taken on a fishing boat .
the shore is from another place .
it 's from a quarry .
and , yes , i even raised the house up on the island of red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a real outcome , it is , in my view , it is , in planning .
i always start with a sketch
after that , the combination of the different images .
and here every piece is very well planned .
and then when you take good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful and pretty realistic .
so all the tools are present , and the only thing limited to us is our imagination .
thank you .
i would like to talk to you about why so many electronic mistakes fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we introduced at the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
it 's not a very scientific fact , but she puts a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ?
and we think we want to think that this is one of the most , why all - - maybe only most of the electronic ones fail because we have stopped listening .
this here is my very , very , very simple .
she has a button on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a task , as you might recognize .
i did my job at 95 kilos .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that is where they are also called by my family , so that he can see where my weight problem is not only at the moment when i need support or something , but with a look in the past .
there is something else .
i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , every morning , i jump on my back , and people talk to me before i sit in the car , " for lunch , only a small salad today , lucien . "
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen because it 's peer pressure , it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or it could stop patients smoking .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and make them play some sort of game together to control their health better .
from next week , it goes to the market .
there 's gonna be this little , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you know , that , you , you , you know , you know , you ...
and it will enable people to measure their blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor and , for example , share it with others for something more than $ 100 .
make methods that are easy to use and start with this to embrace patients on the team .
and you can do that by such methods , but also by means .
and one of the things that we have done i want to share with you through a short video .
we all have navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even in our phones .
we know exactly where all the cash machines are all around .
we also know where all the gas stations are .
and , of course , we can find ...
but where would be the next
we asked around and nobody knew .
no one knew where to find the next , the next ,
so what did we do ?
we have set up a web site , and we have asked a " if you see a " , if you see a " , please tell us where it is , when it open , " because sometimes it is closed during business hours , of course .
and over 10,000 have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we have created a ...
we have developed an app for online dating sites , advanced reality , to find this
and if you are in a city like this , and if someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also use your phone to find the next
and from this day forward , we would not only do this as , as the product is called , but also to use it as a
and we would like to take this to a worldwide level .
and we ask our colleagues from all over the world , from other universities , to help us to act like we have to act like the people of the world
and if you are on vacation and if someone breaks down , if it is your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of these .
the other thing we would like to ask is that companies all over the world will help us with the confirmation of these
these could be , or , like , technicians , for example , just to make sure that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
please help us , and try not only to improve health , but to take control .
thank you .
today i will report of unexpected discovery .
i work in the factory .
and my little start-up wants us to force ourselves to the environment
... to pay attention to the .
here 's a quick video of what we do .
wait a minute .
it may take a while to load .
well , we can just skip this - i 'll just skip the video instead
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time is already over ?
thank you .
the program is called " code for america , " and it 's kind of like the computer system for computer geeks .
every year , we pick out a few of these and we let them work with us .
instead of sending them to the third world , we will send them to the world .
and there they developed great apps , worked with city employees .
but what you really do is show what is possible with technology today .
so meet al .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
how did he find help in such a special way ?
last year , we had a team of special forces in boston last year as the code for america program .
they were there in february and it snowed a lot last february
and they realized that the town never digs those fire hydrants .
but a certain fellow , a man , a man by the name of erik , saw something else , and that was that the residents of the streets were free , right before these parts .
so he did what any good designers would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree to shovel him free when it snows
if you do , you can give him a name and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
so , there 's a nice , little , little , little , uh ...
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps in the last year .
but she does something that no one else does .
it spreads rapidly .
there 's this guy in the the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but for the citizens to adopt .
it 's very , very important that these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
that 's how he got the citizens to check .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean up the clogged oil .
and chicago just brought it in , so that people , when it snows , the people , the people , the people ,
we now know nine cities who plan to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
you know , when you know something about , you know it 's not usually like this .
the acquisition of software usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three people two and a half months .
it was a method where parents can find out which are the proper public schools for their children .
we were later told that if it went through normal channels it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
this is nothing .
there is currently a project in california law which has cost the taxpayers two billion dollars and it doesn 't work .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's been written in a few days , and then it 's spread from around , is a kind of shot off the bow to the government 's institution .
it shows how the government can work better is no longer like a private company , how many people think it should .
and not even like an internet , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access means open and productive .
and this is important .
but what 's more important about this app is that it represents a new generation , that the problem of the government is not the problem of a more modern institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and this is very good news , because it turns out we are very good in the collective , with digital technology .
now , there is a great community of people who make the tools that we need to handle things effectively together .
it 's not just " code for america " , there are hundreds of people all over the country who stand up and write in their own communities every day .
they didn 't give up the government .
you are terribly frustrated with her , but you don 't complain about , you fix it .
and these people know something we lost sight of .
today a lot of people gave up government
and if you are one of those people i ask that you think about it because things change
politics don 't change , the government is in change .
and as the government finally draws its power from us , remember , " we the people , " as we think about it , will influence how this change happens .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought that the government is mostly about choosing people into office .
now , after two years , i have come to the conclusion that it is , in particular , the most important of all , it is about the
this is the call center for service and information .
that 's where you usually get out when you call at 311 city .
so , scott gets this , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
he types " opossum " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run away ? "
and it worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the line .
boston doesn 't just have a call center .
it has an app called an app called the " citizens of palestine " .
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the new urban mechanics in boston .
one day , this is a , this is a , this came in , " possum in my trash can , can 't tell if she 's dead .
how can i remove it ?
but what happened to " citizens of palestine " is different .
scott was talking man to man .
but on " citizens of the citizens , " everything is public so that everyone can see .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
yes , alive ?
turned the trash can on the side , went home .
good night , sweet possum . "
pretty simple .
that 's great .
and it is also a good example of how to get the government into the
but it is also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't mean a very technical definition of the platform .
i talk more about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been linked to state services if needed , but a neighbor is a much better and cheaper alternative to public services .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the union , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is to remember that government is not the same as politics
and most people understand that but they believe that one is the other .
that our contribution to the system is to vote .
that 's because the government is like an ocean , and politics are the supreme six inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use this word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt , that this thing that we have , and for which we pay , is something that works against us , something else , and then we take over ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us we have to make bureaucracy sexy
because that 's where the real world is .
we must join the government 's machinery
so the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the
have you seen these guys ?
it is a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed , very detailed , detailed , detailed report that is an answer to the question of the bill to the bill of rights to the bill .
it is not political , it is not political , it is that it is not political .
well , for those of us who have given up the government , it is time we think about the world we want to leave to our children .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really believe that we can do what we must do without to improve an institution that can act in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary but it must be more efficient
the good news is that technology makes it possible , the government 's function is fundamentally more fundamental in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthening society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the internet , and who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
now , the age of our age is 28 , so , unfortunately , i am almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up to take her voice for granted .
they do not fight this fight we all fight to who may speak , they may all speak
you can speak your mind on any channel at any time , and you will .
so when confronted with the problem of the government , they don 't care so much about using their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
it could be , could be , like , a fire hydrant , a weed , pull a trash can with a possum .
and sure , if we could have had these fire hydrants all the time , and many people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we are not just consumers and we are not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits .
we are more than that we are citizens
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i will start by showing you a single , boring slide .
could you please show me the slide ?
this is a piece of plastic , which i have randomly chosen from my folder .
this is not about the details of the plastic , but about the general form .
this slide shows the data of an analysis of us through the output of the optical processors compared to the output of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this , like so many others , which we often encounter in our field , are a kind of a straight curve .
in other words , each and every step here is equal to a force within .
and it 's a novelty that we have to use this guy on a scale in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is essentially what i 'm talking about here .
if you could turn the lights back on , please .
a little more light , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why do we have to , uh , do , uh , do the , uh , the , uh ...
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i wanted to map another technology , let 's say a , a , a , a , a , on a scale that , on a scale , would come very unreasonable in a flat line .
but when something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so , if the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed of the speed , we could get into a taxi the day after tomorrow and in 30 seconds we would be in tokyo .
but it 's not so fast .
this has never been before in the history of economic growth , this kind of exponential growth , by which the current rate increases exponentially every few years .
the question i want to ask you now is , when you look at these curves , you see they don 't go on forever .
it is not possible that everything will forever and ever move as quickly as now .
there are two possibilities :
either it becomes a classic , like here until something new comes along , or this will happen .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this will happen .
if it really is , it means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask and i often ask myself is what will this new world be ?
what is this new state the world is slowly taking ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle .
when i was a child , the future was somewhere in the year 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in 2000
now we have a conference here where people talk about the future and you realize the future is still the year 2000 .
we can 't go further than that .
so in other words , the future has shrunk a year and a year every year since i was in this world .
i think the reason is that we realize something is going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything will be so different , that a simple matter of what we do now makes no sense .
i now want to talk about what it could be , this transition we are currently in .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think , to really understand this , we need to take a step back and take a look at this thing on a longer line of work .
and i would like to look at this , on the most glorious of the life of the earth .
i think the big picture makes sense when you divide it into a couple of pieces .
so let us go back , for two and a half billion years , and the earth was a great , great , great , powerful , with many , floating chemicals .
now when you look at the way those chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how you did it .
some of these chemical plants contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from outside and to grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
those little , little , little , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
but these , however , were not so alive in today 's sense , because each one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and each time , each time it was divided , the use chemicals in it have spread to more and more .
so each drop was a little different .
as a matter of fact , the drops , which , for the growth , had more and more and more and more and more and more chemicals from the outside , and more quickly divided .
so , these are the conditions of which to survive longer , and they have increased to more and more .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting when these drops learn a trick about the abstraction .
in some way that we do not yet understand , these drops have learned the ability to write down information .
you have learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless , evolutionary way , they found a way that allowed them to write down , so that information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information is to store information about the time of two and a half billion years , where it was born , it remained the same .
in fact , the recipe is for us , our genes , the exact same code and the same spelling .
every living creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we are so ready that we can write , only in this code .
and i have here 100 white powder , which i try to keep away from security in airports .
in it is - - what i have done is , i have taken this code - - the code is ordinary letters , which we use to represent , and i wrote my business card to a piece of dna and added 10 times
so if anyone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world and it is right here .
if i had really been selfish , i would have written you a virus and released you into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
writing down dna was an interesting move .
and that 's what makes these cells , which makes them happy for another billion years .
but then another very , very interesting step , where things became completely different , and these cells began to communicate and to exchange information , so that communities formed from cells .
i don 't know if you already knew , but bacteria can actually change their dna .
that 's also why , for example , the consistency of antibiotics grows .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin and put this information into the dna with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate with each other .
this communication has now allowed the reasons of communities , which , in a sense , were in the same boat , they were .
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that when a community was successful , all individuals of the community were often more often and more often preferred by evolution .
it is now , where these communities are so close that they have decided to write the recipe for the whole community into the dna .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .
at this time , we have , at this time , we have , the communities , communities , from many of us who , together , are the single organism .
as a matter of fact , we are such a generous community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless without your skin cells , your brain cells , and so on .
so these communities began to evolve , so that the level , where evolution , was no longer the single cell , but the whole of what we call the organism .
the next step was now within these communities .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the
and they developed special structures that did nothing but process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the nerve cells are the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
they began to train specialists within the community , special structures that were responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
because at this time , an individual - - learning now happened within the time span of a single organism 's life span instead of that evolutionary period .
so , for example , an organism could learn not to eat a certain fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now happen within the life span of a single organism , while hundreds of thousands of years were needed before , because this information had to be learned by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these were not yet there .
so , the nervous system has , therefore , the use of this particular method , for evolution could now occur within an individual .
it could take place within a time frame .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , for example , the most familiar version of this is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have here a very complicated , confused and confused idea in my head .
i sit here and , in fact , give the sound of me , in the hope of creating a slightly confused idea in your head which is a bit like my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into sound , a sequence of sounds , and create something very complicated in other people 's minds .
so this allows us now to function again as a unified organism .
and what we have actually done , we , humanity , we , we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we have , we
we walk through the same steps that have been through the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
the invention of language for example was a small step in that direction .
computer , computer , computer , video , video , and so on , are all of our most fundamental mechanisms we have built in our community to handle this information .
and it binds us all together to something that is much bigger and is also able to evolve faster than we have so far .
so these days , evolution can happen in the span of time .
you have also seen , you have also seen , you have also seen , a little bit of evolution in the , uh ,
so , now we have the " the "
the first steps of history , which i have told you , took a billion years each .
the next step , like the nervous system and the brain , lasted a few hundred million years .
then the next steps , like language and so on , went less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself and , therefore , i believe , is the word for it , if something increases its
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think this is what we see here in this ... this ...
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live for a work of building computers , and i know that i could not use the mechanism that i use to build computers , without which recently made progress in the computer .
my current occupation is to design objects with such high complexity that it is impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single transistor in the world does .
it has billions of them .
and she does it in part with methods that we don 't even understand yet .
a method , which is particularly interesting , and which i have used many times lately is evolution itself .
and we will put a ... a ... a ... a ... in the machine that works in the ...
in order to name an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a most extreme program which , by chance , evolve from random instructions .
we say , " computer , please select a hundred million random select sequences of instructions .
now , please , all these randomly selected instructions , execute all the programs , and in the end , choose those who are closest to my standards . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort out numbers that would be a simple example that i have already used .
so find programs that are best able to sort numbers .
of course , of course , the chance , by randomly selected instructions , is very small , that by chance they just sort numbers , so none of the instructions will actually do this .
but one of them , with a bit of luck two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , take now those 10 % of the sequences that are the closest to my standards .
store these , erase the rest .
now , all those who have the numbers best in order .
it is with a method by a method of breeding .
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children pass the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by the combinations of programs which have come closer to the specifications than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
rate them again .
may be causing some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations will need only a few milliseconds
and so i can run an evolution for over millions of years in the computer within a few minutes , or in a matter of hours .
finally , i get programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when i look at these programs i can 't tell how they work
i tried to understand .
it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
but you do the job .
i know and i 'm sure you will do the job because you come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i once sat in a 747 with marvin , i sat in it with him , and he took a card and he said , " oh , look .
it says , " this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of people who work together to make their flight safer
we know that when it becomes too complicated , it is not ideal .
so we begin to rely on computers , for a process , which is very different from the classic .
he allows us to produce things with a much more complex than normal methods .
and yet we do not yet fully understand the possibilities .
so , in a way , in a way , the technique ...
we now use these programs to make the computers much faster so that we are able to do these trials even faster .
so it creates a feedback .
it gets faster and faster and faster and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies from now on feed on themselves .
we 're off .
we have come to a point , which is , in the past , which is in the past , when , in the past , we have become ...
so we 're the amoebas , and we can 't figure out what the hell we 're actually doing here .
we 're right in the middle of this .
but i really think something will come after us .
i am very proud to say that we are the end product of evolution .
and i think we are all part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is about to happen , and i think i 'll stop here now before i get even .
my story begins right here in northern germany about two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert , with the wild ,
we talked about that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic .
when we indians wanted to travel back then we would jump into a wagon and fly across the sky
now we do it with planes .
at that time , when the great indian boy was thirsty he took a bow and shot into the ground and water came out .
now , we 'll do it with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
it made me really sad .
i got a little afraid of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without the camera and no tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch
this piece of , like , 50 years old technology , became the most powerful thing for me .
it became a golden access to a world full of pirates and ships , and images in my imagination .
i felt as if our fancy watches and cameras were keeping us from dreaming .
they stopped us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to allow magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 i started to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that can connect people around the world .
it may know how we hold it .
it may know where we are .
it brings together images and lines , and animation , sound and touch
the need for more and more .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to , like , an ipad , interactive ,
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so it says here , " this box belongs ... " i write my name .
and i become a character in the book
every now and then a letter falls down for me , and the ipad , with gps knows where i live , which is true to me .
the child inside me is very excited about such possibilities .
i talked a lot about magic .
i do not mean , not magic and dragons , but the magic of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i used to find fireflies in a jar . i was always excited .
that 's how you have to flip the ipad and let the fireflies out .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that , as a child , i was fascinated that a whole galaxy could be in a single marble .
and so here every book and every world a little marble i bring here to the magic device in the machine .
and this opens a card .
there have always been cards , but these cards were static .
this map will grow and shine , and it will be the guide in the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other parts of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it is also important for me to do something that indian is very modern .
these here are the
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside of india do you know of your indian colleagues ?
the poor , the poor , were imprisoned for thousands of years , in an old , musty book .
and we bring them back in a contemporary history for children .
it 's a story that deals with a new business , like the , uh ...
on the subject of computer problems for the last 10 years , children are in their rooms , on their computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction of the book you are sent to a search , you have to go outside and with the camera of the ipads images of natural objects .
when i was a child , i had a collection of stone , stone , and mussels .
somehow kids don 't anymore .
you have to go out in a chapter to take a picture of a flower
in another chapter you have to put a piece of tree bark and mark .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a fox and says :
a child in india says , " today i saw a monkey
it creates a sort of social network around a digital collection of photographs taken .
there are a number of ways to connect magic to the world and technology .
in the next book , we are planning an interaction using the video of the ipads and the images of the images of an animation of fairies who appear on a plant outside the house .
at one point the screen fills with leaves .
you must make the sound of the wind , blow them away and read the rest of the book
we all move towards a world where the forces of nature come closer to technology and in magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and to the magic , joy and love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jail , prison , or prison .
i spend most of my time with the most of the socially weak in the and in places where there is a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating it is has given me great strength .
in the short time here i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things that have influence in the world .
and sometimes , when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and power it doesn 't otherwise .
i say this because i believe that identity is very important .
we 've seen some fantastic presentations .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful
as a doctor you can do good , as a caring doctor but you can do more .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity
i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned it from my grandmother
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household , dominated by a family , and that was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman she had an effect
she had the last word in every family squabble .
she was also the source of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a ...
her parents were born to be slaves in the ' 40s in virginia .
it was born around 1880 and the experience of slavery made the world a very strong .
my grandmother was strong but she was also loving
when i met her when i was a little boy she 'd come and hug me
she pushed me so hard i could barely breathe and then she let me go
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came up to me and said ,
and when i said no to her , she hugged me again and when i said yes , she left me alone
there was something about her that made you want to be near her
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were everywhere .
i remember i must have been eight or nine that one morning i woke up and went into the living room and all my cousins were walking around
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me
at first i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was , like , 15 or 20 minutes , then she got up and came over to me and she took me by her hand and said , " come , bryan , you and i , we need to talk .
i remember it like it was yesterday .
i will never forget .
she took me outside and said , " i 'll tell you something , but you must promise that you will not .
i said , " i promise , grandma , i promise . "
she said , " on her word of honour , " i said , " yes .
she sat me down and looked at me and she said , " i want you to know that i was watching you
she said , " i think you are special
i think you can do anything you want to do
i will never forget .
then she said , " you only have to promise me three things , bryan .
i said , ok , grandma .
she said , first , promise me that you will always love your mama
she said that your mama is my baby and you must promise that you will always take care of her
i adored my mother , so i said , " yes , grandma , i will do that .
then she said , the next , promise me that you will always do the right thing , even if it is hard to do the right thing
i thought and i said yes , grandma , i promise
the last thing you must promise me is that you will never drink
well , i was nine years old , and so i said , yes , grandma , i promise
i grew up in the country in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who is a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and took this six-pack of beer my sister and me and went to the forest with us .
we were just wandering around like we used to .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister and she accepted and then they offered me one .
i said , " no , no , no , no , no , it 's ok , i don 't want beer i don 't want beer
my brother said , " do it , do it , do it now , do it , you do everything we do
i had something , your sister had something .
i said , " i don 't want , go , go , go , go , go , go
my brother stared at me .
he said , what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you don 't still make you crazy about talking to grandma
what are you talking about ?
he said , " grandma 's grandma tells all the grandchildren that they are special
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't .
this could be broadcast publicly .
i am 52 years old and i confess i have never drunk a drop of alcohol
i 'm not saying that because i believe that it is virtuous , i say that because identity is power
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell the people around us things they don 't believe .
we can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren that you are special
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncle died of diseases
and she believed that these were the subjects we had to deal with .
i was trying to say something about our justice system .
this country is different from 40 years ago
in ' 72 , there were 300 , 300 , 000 people in and in the prison .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states of the united states today has the world 's highest military capital
seven million people have been released on probation , or with a suspended sentence .
in my opinion , in my opinion ,
in socially weak and black parts of the population are despair and despair because of these changes .
one of three black males between 18 and 30 is in jail , in prison , released on probation , or in prison ,
in urban communities all over the country , from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington , 50 to 60 % of all black men are either in jail , in jail , released on probation , or with a
but our system is not only forged by questions that have to do with it , it is also disfigured by poverty .
we have in this country a criminal justice system which will treat you much better when you are rich and guilty than poor and innocent
fortune , not debt , is the result .
still , we seem quite satisfied with that .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there have been some developments .
my home state of alabama will permanently deny you the right to vote if convicted .
here and today in alabama , 34 % of the male black population have permanently lost their vote .
we say that in ten years , in ten years , the ratings will be as high as before the
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns children to death in prison
in this country , for children , life imprisonment is a life sentence without a life sentence .
we 've got a lot of procedures already .
the only land in the world .
i represent people in government .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because we have been taught that the true question is , does a man deserve to die for a crime he committed ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other point of view is not , did someone deserve to die for a crime but do we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by mistake .
to nine people we have executed , one we have found innocent , released from death row .
one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly on a plane when for nine planes that take off , one falls .
but somehow we manage to get rid of this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it is not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i talk about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill
and it 's exciting because i teach my students the history of the african american , i talk about slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time at the end of reconstruction until the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-american in this country it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to be afraid of the
or bombs .
it was fear of terror that forged her life
they say no , tell people that we grew up with it
and after terrorism , of course , the segregation and decades of racist ,
and yet there is a dynamic in our country we do not like to talk about our problems
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and therefore , we do not really understand what meaning our actions in the historical context .
we keep bumping into each other .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it is difficult to talk about race , and i think it is because we are not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that segregation is not to be overcome without the willingness to make truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda there was this call , but not in this country .
i did a few lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists came up after my lecture and said , you know , it is deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that .
he said there is no death penalty in germany
and , of course , there can never be in germany
then a woman said , with our history , it is impossible that we will ever again speak for the systematic killing of people .
it would be unconscionable to us , to consciously and to execute people .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if there were a number of jews out of the country .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there is this , this mental ,
i believe our identity is threatened .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are ...
it seems important to me to unite .
because we finally talk about that we need more hope , more commitment , more commitment , more dedication to pass in a complex world .
to me it means time to work , to think and to talk about the poor , the underprivileged , those who will never be with ted .
but to think in a way , in a way that is integrated into our own life .
we all must in the end believe things we cannot see
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity and development are not just from our minds
they come from ideas driven by belief in our hearts .
it is this love of which i believe that it drives us , not only to be open to all the bright and bright things , but also for the dark and dark .
vaclav havel , the great czech politician
when we fought in eastern europe against oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all we could , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual guidance , the willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places and to be a witness .
this spiritual guidance is the core of what i believe , that the people of the world must , too .
there is no difference between technology and design that allows us to be completely human as long as we do not have eyes and ears for poverty and injustice .
i want to warn you that this kind of identity demands much more of us than if we didn 't care .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer i had the great privilege to meet rosa parks
so these women met and they just talked .
every once in a while , mrs carr called me and said to me ,
do you want to listen and listen ?
and i said , " yes , i would love to .
what will you do when you are here ?
i said i will listen i will listen
and i went over and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there and listened to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me and said ,
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , " we try to fight injustice .
we want to help people who are innocent .
we are here to fight prejudice and discrimination against the people of the law .
we want to get rid of life sentences for life without the children 's rights .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to get rid of them .
i gave my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and said ,
she said that this will make her very , very tired .
and then mrs carr sat down in front of me and put a finger on my face and said :
and that is why i believe that the
we must have ways of facing these challenges , problems , suffering .
because in the end our humanity depends on all our humanity .
in my work i learned very simple things
i learned some very simple things .
that we are all more than the worst we have ever done .
i think that goes for every person on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even killing someone is not just a murderer .
and because it is , there is a fundamental human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this land , in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice
in the end a society is not measured by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but by handling the poor , the condemned , the imprisoned .
for in this context we first begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose my balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas come ahead of our thinking in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced to hard punishment .
i go to prison and i visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , who , as an adult , shall stand trial .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he is not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too late and i thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he must have magical powers .
right , bryan , the judge has magic .
you should also wish .
and because it was late and i couldn 't think straight i started working on a proposal
i had a poor , poor black boy as a client .
and i began with this motion , and the headline was , " proposed to my poor , black client , to treat as a privileged , white ,
in my motion , i have stated that the prosecution and the police and the police and the police , are to be considered .
there was a crazy line about that nothing is right in this country , that there is nothing but ...
the next morning i woke up and i didn 't know if i had dreamed this crazy proposal or had actually written it .
and to my horror i had not only written it , but also sent to the court
a few months passed and i had just forgotten everything .
but finally i decided , my god i have to go to the court and this crazy case
i got in the car and got really overwhelmed - - overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i was walking down the stairs to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , who are you ?
i said , " i am a lawyer , and he said , " you are a lawyer , you are a lawyer .
he came to me and hugged me
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , i am so proud of you .
and i must say it gave me strength
it touched something deep within me , identity , the ability of every one , to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say :
i said , " yes , yes , and then we started to argue .
more and more people came in just because they were angry
that i wrote those crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy district attorney and office secretary .
in one instant , the courtroom was filled with people who were angry that we talked about color , about poverty , about inequality .
out of the corner of my eye i saw the janitor walk up and down .
he kept looking through the window and he could hear all the noise .
he pacing up and down .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during recess , a police officer came in , who was disturbed that the janitor was in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black .
what are you doing in court ?
i have come to the ted , because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far away , but that it is justice .
that we , as human beings , are not fully developed , as long as we do not care about human rights and values .
that all of our survival is linked to the survival of each one .
that we must combine our visions of technology and design , entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i would like to say to those of you who also see it , just to say :
you , with this audience , this community , have seen and heard an obvious desire to help and do something .
what else can we do ?
well , there are possibilities everywhere .
when you live in california in california there in this spring , there is a , in which this spring is about actually making an effort , changing something from the
here , in california , for example , over the next five years , in the next five years you will be a billion dollars for the death penalty .
and yet , 46 % of all is not ended with an arrest .
56 % of all is not on trial .
here 's a chance to do something .
this referendum is to invest money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , crime in america has gone down .
this fact is often placed in the context of the elevated levels of power .
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
well , in fact , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
most of the most violent crimes in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crime .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic high figures come from the prisoners .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we have , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we have , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we
i think we must do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , no less .
and i believe that our current family is not helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really got a swing here .
you are an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
i am bin laden 's death brings with it an increase in blood .
" famine in somalia ,
rogue cartels , the five , dangerous cruise ships .
social decay .
announcer :
different leaders :
in a recession , stop , doomsday , egypt ,
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months but it could have been the last six days or the last six years .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative subjects , because our mind is paying attention to these issues .
and there is also a very good reason .
every second of every day , our senses catch much more information than our brain can ever process .
and since nothing is more important to us than our survival , the first stop for all the information is part of our fear center , the amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our fear center .
it is organized and combing through all the information in search of any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , the demand " is very true .
well , with all of our digital devices that , seven days a week , 24 hours a day , deliver all these negative messages , it is no wonder we are pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse
but perhaps this is not the case .
maybe this is reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we have made in the last century by a series of forces so powerful that in the next three decades , it will be possible for us to create a world of the great .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems - we have no big problems -
and as human beings , we are much better at predicting problems in a very long way , but to finally overcome them .
let 's take a look at what we have achieved in the last century so we can predict the future .
over the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has more than doubled , the inflation rate of the world 's population has tripled .
infant mortality has decreased by a tenth .
it is also that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
steve pink has shown us that we are now living in a very peaceful time of peace .
and according to charles kenny kenny , in the last 130 years of 25 % to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and many people forget .
and we keep raising our expectations .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
remember that a large percentage of americans who live under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , toilets , toilets , tv , tv , air , air and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the most in the world , could never have imagined such luxury .
the basis for many of it is the technology , and these , they grow .
my good friend , ray charles , has shown us that every tool , which will be made a great leap on the corner of moore 's law and will be doubled every 12 to 24 months .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the ' 70s .
now look at this turn .
that 's moore 's law for the past 100 years .
notice two things at this turn .
first , how smooth it goes , for better or for worse , war or peace , recession , depression , depression , and depression .
this is the result of faster computers that build faster computers .
it slows down for none of our big problems .
also , in spite of what you 've done , on the left side it goes up .
the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this corner , on the back of moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of super powerful supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i once looked through the papers and looked for the best headlines i could find .
i love this , " watson , who defies human enemies . "
" risk " is not a simple game .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any of the owners of a ...
four years ago four years ago , ray and i , here at ted , started a new university called
we teach our students all these technologies with special focus on how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and each year , each year we ask that students , companies , products and services , who , within a decade , in a positive , can the lives of the people .
think about that a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can refer to dozens of companies that have done this .
when i think of creating an abundance , i do not mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it is to create a life of opportunity .
it is a matter of creating from a mere wealth .
because hunger is famine , and technology is a source of power .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers , napoleon and napoleon himself , were given gold .
but the king of siam , the king of siam ,
aluminum at that time was the most precious metal on the planet , more precious than gold and platinum .
this is the reason why the dome of the aluminum is made of aluminum .
even though aluminum is taking 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 1
it is connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then , the technology of the earth 's technology was developed , and it made it so cheap that we use it with our own .
then let 's project this analogy into the future .
today we are thinking of the
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is filled with more energy than we spend every year .
16 ... 16 ...
it 's not a matter of scarcity , it 's a problem of money
and there 's good news .
this year , for the first time this year , it was the first time to reduce the cost of the price in india to 50 % of the price of the price .
the cost of solar power has dropped 50 % in the last year .
last month , this was published with a study , which shows that , by the end of this decade , in the sunny areas of the united states , solar power will be six cents on average .
and if we have a , we will also have water in abundance .
let 's talk about ...
do you remember when carl sagan , in 1990 , when it passed by saturn , turned back to earth ?
he took a famous picture .
" a pale blue blue dot . "
because we live on a life of luxury .
we live on a planet that is 70 % covered with water .
yes , it is 4 1 / 2 % of salt water , 2 % is ice , and we fight for half of the water on the planet , but there is hope here .
and there are new technologies , not 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new
it can create a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from different sources , whether salt water , water , latrine and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the president of coca-cola has just agreed to start a large , large , with a hundred and a hundred units .
and if all goes well and i am very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries throughout the planet .
this is a veritable innovation that comes today .
and we have also seen this at the
oh , my goodness , we are about to reach the 70 % ... of the 70 % ... of the ...
just remember , a cell phone with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better cell phone than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you look on google with your smart phone , you have more access to know and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world filled with information and communication as no one could ever have predicted .
and even better , the things that you and i have spent several thousand dollars on , gps , and photo , library full of books and music , technology for medical diagnostics , are now literally and cheaper in your phone .
and the best part of it is perhaps what is expected in health .
in the last month , i have had the pleasure of introducing the " $ 10 million , 10 million , 10 million ,
we challenge teams all over the world to connect all these technologies to each in a cell phone so that you can talk to the device , because it is equipped with ai , you can test your blood and blood .
and to win , the device must make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of an emergency , where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the staff and 1.3 % of the staff of the hospital .
if this device , or if it is not known , it will call the health department and prevent a pandemic before the outbreak .
but now , to the greatest power that will lead us to a world of peace .
i call it " the next billion . "
the white lines represent the population .
we just crossed the line .
and , by the way , the biggest insurance policy against a is a better education and diet in the world .
in 2010 , we had , like , two billion people connected online .
until 2020 we are expected to rise from two to five billion .
three billion new heads we have never heard of before will join global communications .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of a full stop , i see one of the greatest economic and economic , in history .
these people represent hundreds of trillions of dollars that will go into the global economy .
and they will be healthier by the use of the , uh , the use of the , uh , the , uh , the use of the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
so , what can three billion , growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the us ?
how about a new set , a new set , never before heard voices .
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , to give a voice , to draw attention and create change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about contributions we can 't even predict ?
one of the things that i have learned through the " x " is that small teams that are motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that great corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish with a story that i really loved .
there is a program that some may already know .
it 's a game , it 's a game called
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it is a game where people can use a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very , very , very , very important .
so far this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by the people of the world .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of thousands of people playing the game online .
and it showed that in these days , the human eye shape better fold the proteins than the best .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous trust in our future is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a poet .
we have the capital of the
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges and to do what is necessary .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i believe that we have to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i believe that it begins with a doctor and is me .
and maybe i 've been in the business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own false , to make this possible .
before i , however , get to the subject of my business , let us begin with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are close to the world cup and are moving to the world cup
we all love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
you know , you know , you know , it 's , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
i will refer to a statistic i hope most of you have heard of .
it is the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
we 're talking about a 300 if a bat hits 300 .
that means the player must beat three out of ten .
it means hitting the ball in the back , it gets up , it doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time and the runner was safe .
three out of 10 .
do you know what they call a major league baseball player ?
good , really good , maybe a .
do you know what it 's called ?
this is someone who , by the way , is probably 4 from 10 .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player who met over 400 times during a regular season .
let us return to my world of medicine where i feel much more comfortable or perhaps a little less well after i 've talked to you about it .
if you have an appendicitis , you will be referred to as a live operative , which is , in fact , 400 in terms of ...
somehow it doesn 't work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain isolated area , and you have a loved one with a blocked throat , and your family doctor sends this one to a cardiologist , whose heart rate is at 200 ,
but you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's at 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think , like , what do you think , for a cardiologist or a nurse or an orthopedic nurse , an obstetrician , an obstetrician , an obstetrician , should be a brain surgeon ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that no one in all the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor or a ...
what we do , however , is that we each and every one of them , including me , send to the world with the claim to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but no one cares about the details of how this will be done .
and this is the message i took in med school .
i was a obsessive , compulsive student .
in high school , in high school , a classmate once said that brian would study for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little study at the sisters residence at the toronto general hospital near here .
i memorized everything .
in my study , i learned the origins and the branches of each and every branch of each artery , which from the aorta , the obscure and ordinary .
i even knew the differential even the differential in order to ...
and all the time i gathered more and more and more .
and i was good , i graduated summa cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close to perfection as possible i would be immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was on a teaching hospital here in toronto , as mrs. drucker was brought to me to the hospital 's top of the hospital .
at this time at this time , i was assigned to the assigned shift in the assigned duty roster .
and it was my mission , when the council was looking for advice from the foreign minister to investigate the
and to report back to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i listened to her , she made a strange sound
and as i was her breast , with her breast , i could hear a loud noise on both sides that told me that she suffered from congestive heart failure .
this is a condition where the heart fails , instead of pumping all the blood , a part of the blood in the lungs and slowly fills it , so the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a hard diagnosis to diagnose .
i hired her and i got the treatment .
i gave her aspirin i gave her medicine to take the pressure off her heart
i gave her medicine , which we call " the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the
and over a period of one and a half to two hours , she started feeling better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake i sent her home
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and i did what i should have , which would have been a phone call to my attending to check with him so he had a chance to take his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take the responsibility that i acted and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home , i disobeyed a silent voice inside me who tried to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea .
in fact , i had so much lack of confidence that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs .
and the nurse , she thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and an ambulance came and took her home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , the night i had this feeling in my stomach
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , i left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive the car home when i did something i didn 't normally do .
i was walking through the street on my way home .
and there said another nurse , not the nurse who looked after mrs. drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words fear the most i know .
other doctors are also afraid of these , but the most special is because we only see the patients so .
the three words are , remember ?
do you remember the patient you sent home ?
asked the nurse , as a matter of fact .
" so she returned , " she said in this particular pitch .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived home , about an hour after i sent her home , she and the family called 911 , and the , uh , the
she barely breathed and turned blue .
the , uh ...
you gave her a gift .
they put it on to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the
i was shocked and i was in a state of mind .
and i lived on this roller coaster because she came to the intensive care after she was in the hospital , and i hoped she would recover .
and after two or three days she realized she would never wake again
she had sustained brain damage .
her family gathered together .
and over the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to what happened .
on the blessed day they go they go mrs. drucker , a wife , a mother and grandmother
they say that you never forget the names of those who are the
and that was the first time i heard this myself .
when you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that is the kind of shameful shame .
the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
it is the one who tells you that not what you have done is bad but that you are bad yourself
and that was what i felt .
and it was not because of my love he was very sweet
he spoke to the family , and i 'm sure he made the arrangements and made sure i wouldn 't be sued .
but i asked myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it lay down .
i started feeling better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun came out and i said maybe i could feel better again
and i acted out that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never again made a mistake that the voice could be mute .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at the factory in a nearby hospital north of toronto , and a 25 year old man with his throat slit .
it was busy and i was in a hurry .
he always pointed here .
i looked down my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door he pointed at his throat
two days later , i came to my next meeting and my chief asked me to talk to your office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" do you remember the patient with the irritated throat ? "
it turns out , he 's a ...
he had a potentially fatal disease known as the
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the blood , it 's the upper airway , and it causes the airway .
and fortunately , he did not die .
he received intravenous and recovered a few days later .
and i went back through the same torture of shame and doubt , felt free , and went back to work until it happened again and again and again .
when i was in a hospital , i missed appendicitis twice .
it takes a lot , especially considering you work in a hospital that only 14 patients a night at that time .
in both cases , i did not send her home , and there were no flaws in her treatment .
one i thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered an x-ray of the kidneys , and when it wasn 't found , my colleague , when the patient 's body was found in the lower right .
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i have ordered him to leave and i have asked my colleagues to examine him .
and he did , and when , when he found a , in the right , in the right , in the right , in the right , in the right , below , he called the
in both cases , they were operated and they were well .
both cases were on me , ate me .
and i would be happy to be able to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues say , but is total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem : if i can 't close with my mistakes and i can talk about them , if i the quiet voice that tells me what really didn 't , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so that they don 't make the same ?
if i go into a room like right now i have no idea what you think of me
when was the last time you heard of someone who spoke of failure about failure ?
oh yes , you go to a cocktail party and you may hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that an orthopedist in my hospital would have taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i have trouble looking into his eyes .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it is a system in which there are two basic positions , those who make mistakes and those who do not do , those who limit sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep , and those with bad results .
it 's almost an ideological reaction like antibodies attacking a human .
and there is the idea that if we , those who make mistakes from medicine , that we have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i have learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one out of ten is either a false or a false or a false or a false or , in which they are constantly and more and more and more and more and more and more ,
in this state , there are , like , 24,000 canadians dying of .
in the united states , the institute of medicine , the number is 100,000 .
both are strong , because we don 't see the problem exactly as we should .
and it is the ...
in a state of emergency , where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't compete .
lack of sleep is everywhere .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error , so that we can take a perfect patient with chest pain .
then i take the same patient with the same , with the same patient , i make him sweaty , and i give him a little bit of breath , and suddenly the story is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot i don 't always do things the same
and my patients aren 't cars , they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
in sum , mistakes are inevitable
so , if you take the system as i was taught , and you take out all the , uh ...
and do you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , you hit your head , you look down and swallow hard , and you start telling your stories .
they want to tell their stories they want to share their stories
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i make . "
what you need is an environment that puts you in a position .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a man , white for his humanity , accept it , is not proud to make mistakes , but put all to learn from them so that it can be passed on .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports when others talk about her mistakes .
and she shows others their faults , not to be made not to be , but in a loving , loving way so that all benefit .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life and when they do , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman
i am the newly defined doctor .
i am human i make mistakes
i 'm sorry , but i try to learn best from it to pass on to others .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me close with three of my own words i remember
i 'll talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's about ...
and because you can explain this idea in one minute , i will tell you three stories to use time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
i guess you know he was here .
they may think he was chasing the finches , but that 's not true .
actually , he collected fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was a .
up until the ' 80s he was fished in style .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
we have heard this story many times from the places or from other places it is not very special
and yet , we still come to the
we still think they are original .
the pamphlets still describe them as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is to explain a different concept , the more the more the merrier .
because i saw it when , in 1971 , i was studying a lagoon in ' 71 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced that i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and from some of the mangrove trees .
there was , uh , about 20 inches of , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ...
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the ,
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half its size .
fully grown , five inches .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be there .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells me of my complicity in the introduction of the southeast asia
in the ' 70s , at the start of the ' 60s , europe took a lot of the
it was the land which had already captured 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing of this very , very ugly ship is called
i was riding on it , and we were making bumps all over the south china sea , especially in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we captured there
i now know it was the reason of the sea
90 % of our average was sponges , other animals connected to the cause .
the most part of the fish , the little dots there in the wreckage , the debris , the debris , was the smoke .
in essence , the reason of the sea came on the deck and was set back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition goes very quickly .
within a year , you will perform a rise , and then you will begin with the
because , in this case , a hard reason or soft coral , it becomes a shit .
it 's a dead turtle .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead
once we captured one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill them , because they could eat them well .
in fact , this mountain of debris is collected by fishermen every time they go into areas that have never been fished .
but it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember .
we adapt to the new level and we do not remember what was there .
when you put it in , this is what happens .
there are a few good things on the surface of the ice , a number of the orca , the green of your country , the water .
in time it changes , it changes , it changes , because for people , their actions are natural .
each generation considers the images that they take in at the beginning of their conscious life as a standard and will derive all from it .
the difference is perceived as loss .
but you do not accept the previous loss .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want to do is get the wretched remains .
that is now our goal .
we want to preserve things that have disappeared or things that are not what they were .
you might now think that the problem was about people who , for sure , when they lived in the most , killed animals and who , after a few generations , realized what they had done .
because apparently , an animal , which was very often , is once rare , before it grows .
so , you don 't often lose animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and therefore it is not perceived as a great loss .
in time we focus on the big animals and in the sea are the big fish
they become rare because we catch them .
with time , there 's little fish left , and we think this is the fish .
the question is why do people accept it ?
well , because you don 't know that once was different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence , as you did in an earlier form , is not as you would like to present the evidence .
for example , for example , there is the fact that the report of a captain or something , who , in this area , is not to be used , or is not generally , because it is not " scientifically . "
so we have the situation that people do not know the past , although we live in educated societies because they do not trust the sources of the past .
it shows the very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
because we are , by the way , we are , basically , the past .
we restore the past that people can 't understand because they have changed and are very low .
with it , the people who can see , the people who can see and benefit from the insight that allows them to reverse their control .
what about the people who can 't , because they don 't have access , the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think the art and the film may fill the gap , and simulations .
this is the simulation of the chesapeake bay .
a long time ago , there was a , there was a
and they may also remember the " avatar "
when you think of " avatar " when you think about why people were so touched by it , apart from the " avatar " , why were they so touched by the
because it was something that , in a way , was lost .
so my recommendation , the only one i will give , is directed to cameron to turn " avatar ii " underwater .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , when you had a typewriter , you had to register it at the government .
you also had to pick up a sheet of paper from this typewriter .
the reason the government was able to trace where a text came from .
when they found an article with false ideas , they were able to track the author of those thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that and how that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries we would never do such things .
it happens to us today .
and nobody seems upset about that .
and this was an example in which our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three top three of the existing stock market today .
let 's take a look at what really happens in the world we can divide the attacks into categories
we have three .
there are , there are .
for example , here , this is mr .
and the motives of the .
these people make money .
they use it to make a lot of money , a big pile of money .
there are a number of known cases of , uh ,
this is , this is vladimir
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn hasle .
this is matthew anderson ,
two months ago , the secret service , two months ago , was in the swiss account of mr. sam here , and in this account , in this account , there were , like , a million american dollars when it was frozen .
the whereabouts are unknown
and i say that it is more likely today that we are the victims of a crime than a crime in the real world .
and it is very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will go online .
the second number of the second largest we can watch today are not motivated by money .
they are motivated by something else , like a protest , an opinion , or your audience .
groups like anonymous have moved up over the last 12 months , and have become one of the top five in the field .
so these are the three criminals , criminals who do it for the money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments who run the attacks .
we have cases , like the one of the
it shows exemplary what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
or was it .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , for it had been hacked .
someone broke in and hacked the system .
and last week at a meeting with dutch officials i asked one of the leaders of this group to ask if he thought it was possible that because of the people who had died
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die following a hack like that ?
- what ?
they sell .
what do you do with it ?
well , you need a certificate , if you have a web site with a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
you can if you want to join a foreign
chop chop chop chop chop , and then cut off the fake
and that 's exactly what happened in the case of the
how is the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt in egypt , in april of 2011 , the insurgents raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police .
in these files , there was a folder called the
and in this folder were notes from a local company in germany who had sold to the egyptian government some programs with which they , in a very large extent , were able to intercept any communication from the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program to the egyptian government
it 's right here .
so the western governments of the western governments , the governments of the western governments , the governments of the western governments , and the governments of the western governments and the governments of the western governments of the western governments ,
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany only a few weeks ago , found in what is called a , a trojan , which was used by a german ,
if you 're a suspect in a criminal case , your phone is definitely tapped .
but today we are far beyond .
you tap into your internet connection .
they use it as a means to use it as a computer to use it with a trojan who allows them to monitor all of their communications , listening to their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , the obvious answer to people , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i have nothing to worry about !
i have nothing to hide
and that reasoning makes no sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not for debate .
it is not a decision between privacy and security .
it is a choice between freedom and control .
and while we , today , in the year of 2011 , we trust our governments , each right we give is forever .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust any future government , a government we may have in fifty years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big , big , big , big , big fan of , you know .
in 1868 , the first of which was made , the first of which was made , in 1868 , a simple idea made , with a set of cement made , which is a match .
it was very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
they put us in the position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , stone after stone .
in essence , it had become the most of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 ,
it was called the " automatic stone " .
and within a few years , legos moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
and , basically , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
in the meantime , in the same year at bell labs , in the same year , the next revolution was announced , the next
the transistor was a small burst of light that would take us from a world of static , static , building blocks to a world where everything was a world where everything was a world that was a world that would bring us from .
like the cinder block , the transistor allows us to build a much larger , more complex , a stone after stone .
but there is a time difference : the transistor was only for experts .
i , personally , do not accept that our time is reserved for experts and so i decided to change .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab eight years ago , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the power of engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a couple of years ago , i started to develop my own .
let me show you how they work .
flight plans are electronic modules that have a specific function .
they are light , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part is that they connect with magnets together .
you can 't put them together the wrong way .
the stones are stones .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is put a blue and a green one together , and you can build bigger and bigger , and you can build bigger .
you put a blue one on a green and you can turn light .
you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you set up a little ...
take the switch out to fit in a set that is here , and you made a little turn signal .
add this to this buzzer for an additional effect , and you have made a special .
i will stop this .
beyond the simple play , is actually quite powerful .
instead of having to program , wire , wire , or solder it allows you to program with simple , everyday gestures
so in order to speed up or slow the signal , they just turn on this button and it makes the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind is that it is a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in this world into a stone of stone .
lights , sound , sound , engine , everything should be available .
we used to , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , uh , we 'd , we 'd , uh , we 'd , we 'd , uh , uh , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , uh , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , uh , we 'd , we 'd , we 'd , we
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful is how they begin to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life that they don 't learn in school
like how a night light works , or why the doors of the elevator , or how an ipod reacts to touch .
we , too , have brought to you .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in any of the electronic things that started playing with , you know ,
here we see , with felt , paper , and water bottles .
a couple of weeks ago , we used to , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
here is an example of an example of a project that you were doing , a ...
but wait , wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster made of bread that 's afraid in the dark
for this , for this , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and we want to make this material available to everyone .
so is the open source .
you can go to the website , download all the internet and make it yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creator , the inventor of the cast because this world we live in , this interactive world is ours
so go ahead and start inventing .
thank you .
