and , of course , we all share the same sex toys .
we are all born .
we 're running tests .
we have to deal with the inevitable separation of death , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
all these people teach us that there are other ways to be seen on earth .
and that 's an idea that , when you think about it , can only give you hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of life that surround the earth and is as important to the health of the earth as the biological system known as the biosphere .
this is the great legacy of mankind .
it is the symbol of all that we are , and what we are capable of as an astonishing species .
and just as the biosphere was worn out , this was done with the flow of power only at even greater speed .
and the crucial indicator is the language extinction .
when each of them was born in this room , there were 6,000 languages spoken on earth .
now , a language is not only the totality of the continuum or a series of styles .
a language is the expression of the human mind .
it is a means that the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
every language is like a forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
and of those six thousand languages today , while we sit here in monterey , half of them are no longer whispered in the ears of children .
they are no longer taught to do anything , so if nothing is done , they are dead .
what could be more lonely than being shrouded in silence , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , have no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors , or to expect children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on earth , about every two weeks , for every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last syllables of an old language with him .
" let them be " .
and then all of a sudden you 'd realize what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
so today , i would like to take you on a journey through the west coast , a short journey through the west coast to try to make you understand what has actually been lost .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different possibilities of being , " really different ways of being .
for example , take this child of the amazon , in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the anaconda , and believe that they have taken from the east in the belly of sacred snakes .
it is a people that do not distinguish between the colors blue and green , because the sky , the forest that men depend on is equal .
they have a strange language and a language that is called the linguistic language you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
the strange thing about these big houses where they speak six or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
they just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most fertile tribes i 've ever lived with , the north winds in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who were first contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries tried to make contact and made a serious mistake .
they threw shiny pictures of themselves out of the air , which we would consider a friendly gesture , and they forgot that those people from the rainforest had never seen anything more beautiful in their lives .
they picked up these photographs of the forest floor , tried to see behind the face or the figure , found nothing and nothing , that these are the devil 's business cards and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but not only did the outsiders kill the spear .
they went through each other .
54 % of the deaths were caused by mass casualties .
but at the same time , you had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces and determine what species this animal belonged to .
to make sense of this sensation , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of the human race , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it 's a complex metaphysical analogy .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to list the grand opening numbers , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , creed or whatever .
a continent is always left out , because the assumption was that there was no religious belief in the middle of the world , of course there was , and of course , there was , and voodoo is just that of this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be moved from under the great water , answers to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , so that for a brief , shining moment , the spirit becomes god .
" you white go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you are possessed , you are consumed by the spirit .
you see these amazing demonstrations , these amazing demonstrations , in a silver blaze , the searing coal without burning , an astonishing display of the mind 's ability to manipulate the body so that it can endure when it 's in a state of extreme arousal .
well , of all the people that i 've met , the most famous in the sierra nevada de santa marta were the most extraordinary .
the descendants of the old , tyrannical civilization , which , in the wake of the caribbean , were the descendants of colombia , and in the conquest of the people , they retreated to a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
in a bloodied continent , these people were the only ones never conquered by the spanish .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood , but the education of the priesthood is extraordinary .
and throughout all this time , you will be biologically introduced into the values of your society , values that maintain your prayers and only your prayers , the cosmic , or we could maintain ecological balance .
you have to protect it . "
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we who are the younger brothers are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
now , natives are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he is a location of a ghost or a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of british columbia and believed that these woods were meant to be taken out .
well , when you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries .
it 's a photo i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is the most of you have heard of , the most powerful and powerful compound of the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very strong , very similar to serotonin , serotonin , and serotonin .
in case you 've ever seen the cold , the cold of this stuff , this substance , which you make from different species , also , contains calcium .
snorting that powder is like being shot at from a rifle barrel , lined by painted paintings and landing on a sea of electricity .
it will not create a distortion of reality , but the dissolution of reality .
but the thing about being an athlete is that they can 't be taken orally , because , of course , through a human colon , they are , of course , called , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
they can only be taken orally in connection with some of the other chemicals that the mao
well , the fascinating thing is that the vines contained in the vine are the kind of ones that are necessary to make the mating arrangements .
how can these people from a plant of 80,000 species find these two plant plants that , when combined , create a kind of a more mature version , so the whole thing is bigger than the sum of its parts ?
we use this great euphemism , try and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but when they ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so what does that mean ?
this tribe , the river people , have 17 different varieties of water , which they all recognize at great distance in the forest , which , for our eyes , appear to be a kind .
and then you ask them how they explain their animal rights and they say , " i thought you knew something about plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ?
so , it turns out you pick up every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in a different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a doctorate at harvard , but it 's a lot more interesting than to count .
well , the problem is , even those of us who have the sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives , regard them as the colorful , but somehow limited them to the past , while the real world , i.e. our world ,
all the cultures have always participated in the new dance with new species .
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the sioux have no less stopped the sioux than they did bows and arrows when the americans stopped being americans as they horse and horses .
no change and technology threatens the integrity of power , the ugly face of domination .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i do a lot of research , the ugly face of political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the people 's extinction is generally judged , but the destruction of the people 's way of life , not only is it not judged , but generally and generally celebrated as part of a family .
and you cannot understand the suffering of tibet if you have not experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a follower of the dalai lama .
that meant he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with his holiness to the north , to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for the crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two to hide under her skirt because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this brave deed has been taken to a private hospital .
one day , she accidentally stepped on an " mao bracelet " , and for these offenses she had to go to a heavy labour camp for seven years .
the suffering of tibet may be unbearable , but the mind of man is unforgettable .
and in the end , we are faced with a choice , do we want to live in a world of monotony , monotony , or a world of diversity ?
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution , which brought us the excess , and in this moment , gave us to the cult of the priest , replaced the poetry of the shaman by the prose of the priesthood and hierarchy , specialization and created only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
when we ask these innumerable questions about the meaning of the song , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a photo i took at the north end of the world , when i went to the north end of the world , and this man , a very wonderful story from his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always been very good with the inuit , and during the decades of the great years of our reign , they were forced to move to settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took all the weapons and all the tools .
now you must know that the inuit are not afraid of the cold , they use it to their advantage .
their sled was originally made of fish that was wrapped in rubber .
the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the arctic night or the flying storm .
he slipped out , dropped his trousers out of his trousers and slipped into his hand , and when the feces began to freeze , he shaped them into the form of a knife .
he sprayed saliva on the side of the skull and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he used the dog , and he improvised a dish , took the dog 's skeleton and he improvised a sled , and he put on another dog , and he swung it over the side of the fence with his belt .
that way nothing can be done .
and this , in many ways , is a symbol of the inuit resistance and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government gave the inuit complete control of an area greater than california and texas together .
it is our new homeland , and it is called the new land .
it 's an independent field , and they control all the supply routes .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its people .
and in the end , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant ends of the earth to realize that they haven 't been removed at all .
you 're someone 's favorite person .
they represent parts of the human imagination that have been in the past and for all of us , the dreams of these children will become part of the geography of our own children .
what we 're trying to do at national geographic is that we think politicians never get anywhere .
we believe that we believe that the , uh , we believe that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the
156 nations are sending our satellite network .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , with digital photos here , which you can constantly ,
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at , how big these collections are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in an area of 300 key locations .
it doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can narrow down the power of a system like this is the number of cell phones on your screen at any moment .
this is a whole book , an example of book .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that it really is a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this is a real picture of the painting and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a federal case , a copy of the guardian .
every big picture is the start of a leg .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a real magazine or a newspaper , which is kind of a medium with multiple personality disorders .
we also did something on the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution that is much higher than a normal ad and we added additional content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this really attacks these ideas to get rid of these restrictions on the available space on the screen .
we hope that this doesn 't mean any more nonsense , and that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , the higgs boson is one of the really obvious applications for technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend a lot of time here except to say that we will also contribute to this .
but these are all the roads in the ' 80s .
it 's the top of the nasa satellite image .
let 's get something else out now .
it 's even live on the internet now .
this is a project with a name called " the two different technologies . "
one is a university student , and the other is a very good research on cyber attacks , by noah valiquette , a university of washington ,
and rick kester 's research was done by microsoft .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that when we create this kind of views where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the multiple resolution .
but the physical order of the images is indeed of importance here .
i don 't know if i have time to show you other surroundings .
there are those who are much more .
we had to worry about the lawyers and everything .
so , these are all completely unrelated , and they 're all connected that way .
and we can navigate that very simple .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras , everything is in the process of being too professional , a rather large number of them all patched up in this area .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange .
many of them are covered by faces , etc .
there are a series of photographs here .
this is , in fact , a poster of notre dame that was recorded properly .
we can switch from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point here is that we can do things to the social environment , which are now gathering data from all of the collective memory of what , visually the earth looks , and everything is connected .
all these photos are linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model from all the earth .
think of this as the continuation of the work of stephen king to virtual earth .
and this is something that grows by the complexity that people use , and its use for the user with the application is growing .
your own photos will be presented with metadata , which another person entered .
and , of course , byproduct of all of these are the immense virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , which not only have been preserved by satellite or satellite imagery , but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within the next few years , all the images used by someone in the world together are basically connected ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to , you can do it between the pictures .
and she does this because of its contents in the pictures .
and that 's really exciting when you think about the abundance of the information that has many of these pictures .
like when you do a study for pictures , where you type in sentences , and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about what picture it is .
but how about that picture connect you to all your pictures ?
it 's a classic case scenario .
blaise , this is incredible .
thank you very much .
i 'm gonna tell you some things from my book that , as i hope , are in tune with other things you 've already heard , and i 'm gonna try to make some connections myself , if you haven 't noticed .
i want to start with what i call " official dogma " .
official dogma of what ?
the official of all western european societies .
the official tenet of law enforcement is that if our goal is to maximize the value of our citizens , it is mainly because of the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , useful , a human condition .
when people are free , each of us is to do the things that maximize our common good , and no one has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more people have choices , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more common good they have .
this is , i think , anchored so deep in our water supply that no one would think to question it .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what makes modern progress possible .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is what the supermarket is like .
and then you go to that fancy store to put together a stereo , cd player , cd player , radio , amplifier and in this one electronics store there are so many stereo systems .
we can put together a million different stereo systems from the components offered in this one business .
you have to admit , that 's quite a selection .
in other areas - the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have any phone provider you wanted as long as he came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
an episode of that was that the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we now have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle , the one in the middle , the one , the one in the middle , the one , the one , the one in the middle , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , is , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one
and if you haven 't seen this in your business by now , you can be sure you will .
and what it does is it makes people walk into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other aspects of life , which are far more significant than buying objects , the same explosion of choices is true .
it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you we could do " a " or we could do " b " .
" a " has these advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says " a " has these advantages and risks and " b " has those advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's enormous marketing in prescription drugs for people like you and me , which , if you think about it makes no sense at all because we don 't buy them .
why do they advertise us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is they expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change of prescription .
something as simple as our identity is now a matter of choice as to how this slide should show .
we don 't inherit identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as many times as we want .
it means that every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the family was , that almost everyone had one and that they got married as quickly as they could , and then had children as quickly as they could .
the only true choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
everything is easy these days .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give them 20 % less work than i used to .
and that 's not because they 're less smart , not because they 're less thorough .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i get married or not ?
do you want me to get married later ?
they 're all questions .
and you will answer these questions regardless of whether or not it means doing all the tasks that i have assigned you and not get a good grade in my class .
these are important questions .
we are blessed , as carl has pointed out , with the technology that allows us to work every minute of every place on the planet except the randolph hotel .
by the way , there 's a corner i 'm not going to tell anyone about where i work .
i won 't tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work , over and over again , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our phone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our laps .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our child mutilate a child , we ask , " should i take this call ?
should i answer that e-mail ?
and even though the answer to the question " no , " surely it will imprint your child 's experience in the memory of her child as it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
i 'm saying there were some choices , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world we live in now looks like this .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna be about what 's bad about it .
all these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
an effect , a more subtle way , is that it paralyzes instead of freeing .
with so many options you can choose , people are very hard to decide .
i 'm going to give you another drastic example , a study on investment into voluntary retirement funds .
a colleague of mine had access to gun control from vanguard , the giant transfer of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was , per 10 sales that the employer offered , took attendance by two percent .
why ?
because there are 50 choices , it 's so hard to decide which one to choose to postpone it until tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never comes .
by not participating , they give up to 5,000 us dollars a year from the company that was happy to make their contribution .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
you really want to make the decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or the wrong salad dressing .
the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less content with the outcome of choice than if we had the chance to choose between less options .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more opportunities there are , the easier there is nothing to regret . that 's disappointing for the choices you make .
second of all , what economists refer to as ...
dan gilbert made a big point this morning telling how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we compare .
well , if there are a lot of other options to consider , it 's simply to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives that you rule out makes you less pleased with the choices you 've chosen .
for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach .
what could be better ?
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right in front of my house . "
and he spends two weeks haunted by the idea that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking space day after day .
we have chosen to bring down the happiness we receive from our choices , even if what we have chosen is fantastic .
and the more opportunities there are to choose , the more attractive qualities of this choice are considered in the social calendar .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon is making some statements .
he 's making a statement about living in the now and maybe doing things slowly .
but the important thing he does is that whenever you choose one thing , you choose not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and what they do will make less attractive .
three : escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i tried to change my jeans .
i wear jeans almost all the time .
so i went to buy new jeans after many years of old , and i said , " i 'd like some jeans , here 's my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want to lean , lean , or lean ? "
do you want to do a button or a zipper or a rock or an acid ?
you want jeans with holes ?
would you like to cut down , cut down , cut down , blah blah , blah , blah , and so on , he told .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered i said , " i 'd like the kind that used to be the only kind . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying on all those damn jeans , leaving the store , and i 'm telling the truth about the best jeans i 've ever had .
i had it better , and all these choices made me feel better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try to explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse was with all these available opportunities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i had got to what i expected , and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities into people 's lives will inevitably increase the expectations that people have over how good these possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if you did , you wouldn 't know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that everything used to be better than anything was worse than anything , it was possible for the people to experience a pleasant surprise .
today , in the world we live in , we are wealthy , prosperous citizens , with perfection the best you can ever hope for is things as good as you expect them to be .
you 'll never get comfortable because your expectations , my expectations are high .
the secret to the marriage , that 's what they all came for . the secret to marriage is low expectations .
i would like to say a brief moment that i am married to a woman , and she is very wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the choices are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so is the feeling that we generally feel better , objectively , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there 's no question that a little choice is better than none , but it doesn 't follow that 's better than a few choices .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we 've missed this point a long time in choosing to improve our common good .
now , as a matter of principle , i 'm almost done as a matter of thought , the thing that allows all these choices to be in the most productive societies is the material wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many of them whose problem is not too much to choose .
your problem is you 're short .
so the things i 'm talking about are a weird problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what is so frustrating and annoying is that steve levitt told you yesterday about how those expensive and difficult to do is not help .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated decisions are not easy to not help .
they even hurt .
they make us look worse .
if some of what allows the people of our society to make decisions like this to the societies where people have been pushed too little to choose , not only would the lives of people improve , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this an informal application .
- --
in conclusion , please read this cartoon , and a highly evolved person says , " what does this fish know ?
you know nothing in this fishbowl . "
poor fantasy , a shortsighted vision of the world , and that 's the way i first read it .
the more i thought about it , the more i felt the fish knew something .
because the truth is , if you break the goldfish bowl so that anything is possible , you have no freedom .
when you break the goldfish bowl so that anything can be done , you lower your happiness .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everybody needs a goldfish bowl .
this is almost entirely too limited , possibly for the fish , definitely for us .
but that 's missing from a metaphorical goldfish bowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suspect disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've been talking about some of these projects before about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point , we 've digitized biology , and now we 're trying to get from digital code to a new phase of biology by creating and building new life .
we 've always tried to ask important questions .
it 's something i think a lot of biologists have tried to understand and on different levels .
we 've tried different approaches to make it easier to the minimum components .
we digitized almost 20 years , when we were the most advanced computer system , the transition from the world of biology to the digital world .
now are we trying to ask if we can regenerate lives or if we can create new lives from this digital universe ?
this is a map of a small organism , a microscopic genome that has the smallest genome in a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've been trying to see if we can do that with an even smaller genome .
we managed to give up about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
therefore , we have decided that the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome which allows us to vary the individual components and so to ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started asking , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow you to create these really big molecules that have never been done before ?
and if we can , can we start the chromosome ?
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of highly toxic chemical material .
our steps in the production of life were exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has developed very slowly , but it still increased , and our final point would now be to a more permanent curve .
we started 15 years ago .
it actually took a few years to start a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , family business is very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it 's a process , so the longer you make one piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new way to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , starting with digital information , the phi x ray gun .
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we made small pieces , we made a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of chemical and put it into a bacteria , and the bacteria began to read the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles were then released from the cells and came back and killed e. coli .
the other day i spoke to the oil industry and they said they understood this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation in the software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to launch with digital information on the computer , that digital information must really be flawless .
when we first completed the genome in 1995 , the dna sequence was in one error per 10,000 .
if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible to drive up .
a part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long and have to overlap with other plays to build smaller pieces so they can match .
we 've built unique elements here .
you may have heard that we 've put in some kind of emergency equipment .
think about it , we have a code , a , c , g and t .
and here there is a single purpose for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first we just signed .
some people were disappointed that it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply dismantle them with enzymes , and there are enzymes that can repair them and put them back together .
and we started to create pieces , starting with pieces that contained the letters of the alphabet , they put them together in order to put them back together , right up to the point .
in each step , we produced these pieces in the overflow so that we could cut them off , because we were trying to create a very robust process that you 'll see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point of ignition .
well , this looks like a ...
if we can get to these really big pieces of music with over a hundred thousand channels , then they won 't just grow in e. coli , which is beyond any of modern molecular biology , and so we turned to other mechanisms .
we knew there was a mechanism called " the most powerful of the most powerful of the time " which biology uses to repair dna that could combine such pieces .
here 's an example of this .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything came back to normal .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely drained , they can even live in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life in space can exist and move , in search of the conditions of the universe .
actually , nasa showed that there 's a lot of that out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule that we made using these processes , in fact , we only used aluminum tubes with the right design of the pieces , and then we put them together , and the yeast will automatically put them together .
it 's not a standard operating procedure . it 's a standard operating procedure .
it 's such a big molecule that we can even see it with the ...
this is footage of a duration of six seconds .
this is the paper we recently finished .
it 's the largest molecule of structure ever created by humans .
it 's got over 300 million .
if we print it out with a 10 and no intervals , it would include 142 pages just to add this genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome ?
obviously , it 's very simple with a virus .
it 's just as easy when you do it in a place as we are , you just take out the key and you put in another , and that 's exactly what you 've all heard about the cloning .
the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but only recently we have shown that you can perform a complete transplant from one cell to another and activate it .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to get the trial a little further .
this is the mating call of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here that have taken on a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , each time thousands of species have grown into a species in one second .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that changes at a time have missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes that are called the brain cells that actually process dna .
the chromosome that was in the cell has none , the chromosomes we inserted into it already .
it was in the cell , and it recognized the other chromosome as a foreign material , and we ended up with one cell with a new chromosome .
it was blue because of the genes we added .
and after a very short time , all species ' characteristics had been lost , and completely converted into a new species based on the new software that we gave into the cell .
all the proteins changed the membranes when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like we 're going to have to go back to the beginning , but we can , by moving forward , change things quite dramatically .
now i have argued that this is not genesis , which is based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i have argued that we may be in the process of creating a new form of the thermonuclear explosion where there could be massive new production patterns based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're about to go from six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for anyone who existed in 1946 within 40 years , four .
we have problems with food , fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer for nine .
we need more than five billion tons of coal .
when we think about biological processes or any process to replace it , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we now have , from our discoveries all over the world , a database of about 20 million in genes , and i want to believe that these are the future 's most profitable .
the dna database had a dozen components , and look at the diversity of it .
we are here , primarily , to the limits of biological reality and to those of our imagination .
we have technologies today because of this rapid progression to do what we call " cross-species genetics . "
we now have the opportunity to build a robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you can imagine making these 20 million different genes or tweak these processes to create vaccines or new vaccines , we can use a small team to alter molecular biology more than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's only natural selection , so we can go to the organic market , produce of chemicals , or whatever .
this is a recording of a real art project that we work with that you actually sit down and design new species on the computer .
we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now concentrating on the fourth generation .
they 've recently seen corn to ethanol which is just a bad experiment .
we have a list of the third generation , which will soon come out , which will have a much higher rate of growth , such as the average , or different species of animal .
but , as we think , the only way for biology to have a great influence without further increase in the cost of food or the restriction of its availability is if we see co2 as carbon dioxide , and so we work on the cells that path .
and we think we 're gonna be the first with the fourth generation 's , in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all sorts of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the depths of the sea , about five miles deep , near boiling water .
it converts co2 into methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're checking to see if we can use compressed co2 , which could easily be converted to carbon dioxide , convert co2 into fuel to power this process .
in a short amount of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the basic questions of life .
you know , we really do have goals like the replacement of the entire industry , right , if you couldn 't do that with ted , where else ?
but that 's exactly how we 're working at the moment to apply the same approaches to the development of nuclear weapons .
you 've seen it this year with the flu , we 're always a year behind and a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by making a vaccine in the lab .
this is what the future could possibly look like , with changes , can be accelerated today , with synthetic bacteria , carbon dioxide , and possibly more .
we are light-years away from improving people , our goal is to survive long enough to possibly do so .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the art program .
and i promised to come back to tell you how the machine works .
and for those of you who weren 't there , the guide is the greatest scientific experiment ever attempted .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a second after the beginning of the universe and up to 600 million times in a second .
it 's just incredibly ambitious .
this is the plane below geneva .
we 're gonna take pictures of these metal detectors in the detectors .
it 's called an atlas detector 44 meters in the width , 22 meters in diameter .
this is a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so that you can see the color .
on september 10th , last year , the machine was on for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused a great deal of rejoicing in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first cylon detector that crashed the entire track around the time frame , then deliberately collided with a part of the time machine to put a rain of particles on the surface .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this has caused the greatest of cheers , or this , when someone visited the google site and found it so .
it means we have reached a cultural influence next to the scientific one .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that was connected to these wires here , these golden wires here .
these wires , they run like a ton of amps when the machine 's on a roll .
well , the engineers below you will look at them and say , " no , they don 't .
they can afford it , because if you take it down a lot , they become what they call " a " .
at minus 271 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections , between over 200 magnets in the control room , there was a power surge .
it 's causing the wires to heat slightly and slightly more moderate , electrical resistance .
this was the result .
well , this is all even more impressive if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and they move about 30 inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to remove what we did .
we redid it , fixed it .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the power supply will be operational .
we 'll turn it on and expect to collect first dates in june or july , and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way , accidents like that again spark the debate for the value of science and science at such borders .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our borders is the value of things like that .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my job , but it 's more than that , of course .
it 's also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to ever change .
however , lately something strange has happened in my life and my career that has made me completely reconsider my connection to this work .
the result is that no matter where i go , i will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously , doomed !
for example , you come to me worried and say , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never top this success ?
aren 't you afraid that you 'll spend your whole life creating a book that nobody in the world cares about ?
okay , that 's really brave .
people said , " you 're not afraid to never succeed " ?
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you will pursue this trade your whole life and that nothing will ever come from it and that you will die on a pile of broken dreams - your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all those things .
and i always have .
and i 'm afraid of even more things that no one would know .
like algae and other scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i think about it recently and i wonder , why ?
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to do the work they 're afraid to do ?
and what exactly is the matter with creative enterprises that they make us unsure of the state of mind , in a way that others do not ?
my father , for example , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist asking if he was afraid to be a chemist .
how 's that ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemists have not been given the call of the violent manic-depressive people over the centuries .
we writers seem to have that kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative in all the genre , seem to have that reputation , mentally unstable .
all you have to do is look at the bitter taste of really great minds alone in the 20th century , who died young and often by their own hands .
and even those who didn 't actually commit suicide seemed really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said just before he died in his last interview that every one of my books killed me a little further .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea all right with you ?
are you comfortable with that ?
i think you 're disgusting .
and i find it dangerous , and i don 't want to see it taken over to the next century .
i think it 's better if we encourage our great creative to live .
and i definitely know that in my situation , it would be very dangerous to begin this dark path of conjecture , especially in the fact that i 'm in my career right now .
i 'm only , like , 40 years old .
i may have another 40 pieces of gold in me .
and it is most likely that everything i write from now on is considered by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last book , right ?
i say it plainly , because we are all friends here now , and it is most likely that my greatest success lies behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 in the morning .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the year , it seems to me that in order to continue to write , i must design some sort of psychological construct .
from now on , i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between me and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the written will be .
this quest led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that human creativity was coming , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a kind of divine god , who , for a distant , unknown source , came to man for reasons unknown .
the greeks used to call these divine guardians of the creativity of demons .
it is known by socrates that he believed he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of twisted mind a brilliant genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
the artist of the dinosaur was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
when your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take credit for yourself .
when your work fails - not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how people in the west have been thinking about creativity for a really long time .
it is the beginning of the rational mind , and the people began to believe that creativity came entirely from their own individual .
for the first time in history , people call this artist a genius ... instead of having a genius .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
it distorts and distorts whole egos , and it creates all these unattainable expectations of success .
i think that this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ...
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true , the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps an ancient understanding of the relationship between humans and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't just erase the idea of 500 years of rational thought in a more rational lecture .
and i 'm sure there are people in this audience who would , indeed , declare reasonable scientific doubt about the idea of , basically , fairies who follow people and apply to their projects .
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this trip .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think so ?
because it makes just as much sense as anything i 've heard about when it comes to explaining the absolutely insane , creative process .
a process that , as everyone knows , who has ever tried to do something , so in other words , everyone here , is not always rational .
as a matter of fact , sometimes he can feel almost as comfortable .
she said it was like a passing train from air ,
the one who would take over the country .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew that in such a moment she could only do one thing , and that was - - in her words - - running like the devil .
and then there were these moments - i 'll never forget that part - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
on these occasions , the poem arrived flawless and intact on paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was creepy - that 's just how my creative process works .
this is nothing like my creative process - i 'm not the canal !
to be able to work , i have to get up at the same time every day and sweat , toil , and really uncomfortable .
but even i , myself , have sometimes grazed this thing .
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had work or ideas that came from a source that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we relate to this without losing our minds , but on the contrary , to keep us sane ?
for me , the best living example of how to do this is the musician , tom waits .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist , who tried to master these uncontrollable creative impulses that lived in him , to deal with them .
but then he got older and calmer , and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he begins to rise up this old anguish in him , like i 'm gonna lose this thing , and i 'm gonna be haunted by this song forever .
i 'm not good enough .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished all the thinking and did something completely new .
he just looked up in the sky and said , " sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could just write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a more convenient time when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go torture leonard cohen .
he changed his whole life .
not the work itself .
there could be a peculiar , wondrous , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the exotic , alien , alien , which wasn 't quite tom .
when i heard that story , it also changed the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of times .
i started to think i should just take the project back .
but then i remembered tom talking into the open sky and i tried .
so i lifted my gaze from the manuscript and i spoke my comment towards an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you see , i 'm investing everything i have .
so if you want it better , you have to come here and keep your end of the deal .
okay , but if you don 't ... you know what , screw it .
i 'm still gonna keep writing , because that 's my job .
and i would like to go on record that i was here today for my part of the job .
in the end , centuries ago , in the deserts of the world , people have gathered together with sacred dances and music that have been held for hours until dawn .
those parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every now and then , very rarely , something very special happened , and one of the cast was actually an actor .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen a performance like this before in your life .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer walked through some sort of portal , doing nothing different than he 's ever done , a thousand nights before , but everything worked together .
and all of a sudden , he no longer appeared human .
it was lit from the inside and lit from the bottom , and all through a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , allah , ol , ol , allah , great , bravo , bravo , bravo , it 's incredible , a glimpse of god .
and that 's great , because we need that .
but the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he no longer has a shred of god in him .
he is but an aging mortal with aching knees and perhaps he will never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name when he turns , but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most dramatic adjustments of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain if you didn 't believe that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence came from you .
perhaps if you believe that you are on loan from an unimaginable source of your life , handed down to someone else when you 're done with it .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
that 's how i started to think , and so i think for the past few months , while i 've been working on the book that will soon appear as the dangerous , scary , highly anticipated successor to my awesome .
what i have to tell myself all the time when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
be there for your contribution , whatever it may be .
when your job is to dance , dance .
if the stupid divine genius who is on your side will decide for a moment to show a touch of wonder by your efforts , then by your efforts .
and if not , dance your dance anyway .
and ol !
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
in spite of all that , you have the mere human love and the stubbornness to be there .
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice cap , which , for nearly three million years , was the size of the lower 48 states , has shrunk 40 % .
but this does not express the seriousness of this particular problem because it does not show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the beating heart of our global warming .
it grows in the winter and it shrinks in the summer .
the next slide that i show you is a piece of paper that 's happened in the last 25 years .
it 's marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue .
the so-called " blood " , five years old or older , is almost like blood flowing from this body .
in 25 years it will be gone from here to here .
this is a problem , because warming thaws the frozen cause of the arctic ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , when it thaws , is converted to methane by microbes .
compared to the amount of compressed materials in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we crossed that critical point .
even today , in some flat lakes in alaska , methane bubbles from the water itself .
professor katie walter of the university of alaska has traveled to another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how will we be ?
and one reason is that this enormous ocean of ice will warm greenland from the north .
this is a highly irregular .
but the volume is much bigger than ever .
this is the river in the southwest of greenland .
if you want to know how sea level rises through the sea here it flows into the sea .
these rivers are increasing rapidly .
on the other side of the planet , the antarctic , the largest oil pipeline on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent now has a negative energy source .
and the heat wave that showed up over a few solar panels is particularly strong in the melting .
this is 20 feet north , just like greenland .
in the himalayas , in the himalayas , they see new lakes that were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world will get half their share of the profits from this .
in the andes , this glacier is the island for this city .
it 's just that ...
but if it 's dry , most of the drinking water will be drained .
in california , a 40 % reduction in the sierra 's population has been seen .
this concerns the national security .
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this dehydration in the whole world causes dramatic increase in fire .
and the disasters all over the world have put on a really , really , really , really , really , really , very , very , very , very high .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a fully equipped , fully equipped .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .
for the last five years , we 've produced 70 million tons of co2 ... every 24 hours , 25 million tons of it ... into the ocean every day .
take a good look at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent to the west and west of the indian river , where there is a drastic drop in the ocean .
the biggest factor for global warming , next to logging , which is 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is still the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the two largest military companies , along with china .
and the proposal was to build a lot of more of these .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been painted over the last few years with some green alternatives that have been suggested .
there is a political dispute in our country .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the
this picture reminded me of something .
walking around christmas , at my home in tennessee , a billion tons of spinning .
they probably saw it on the news .
this is , in all our country , the world of america 's most wanted .
this happened at christmas .
one of the tv commercials for christmas was this one .
frosty the bass drum is a jolly , jolly fellow .
there is in abundance in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , the snow day gets cleaner every day .
it 's affordable and lovable , and workers remain in bread and bread .
this is the source of the most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey coal .
al gore , nancy pelosi , harry reid , you don 't know what you 're talking about .
so the alliance for the united nations has launched two campaigns .
this is a part of her .
in the environmental crisis , we see climate change as a serious threat to our business .
that 's why we set it to the top , to spend a substantial amount of money to get a promotion going to the truth about coal .
the fact is , money isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good .
so don 't worry about climate change .
leave it to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so , let 's take a tour of these modern , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean .
this machine is very loud .
but it 's the sound of the sound of the clean air .
and yet the burning of coal is one of the most productive for global warming , the remarkably clean air temperature you see here changes everything .
take a good look at it , this is today 's , uh , clean day .
finally , the positive alternative mixes with our economic challenge and our challenge to national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , national security , the national security .
the red thread that binds all of them is our dependence on foreign oil like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there is a brave , new solution to free us from this predicament .
new america with 100 % clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
refresh america .
this is the last .
it 's about an american wedding .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , dirty , corrupt government forces choking our world .
the future is here , the wind , the sun and a new power system .
new investments to create well paid jobs .
it 's time to embrace reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to go far , go together . "
we must go far , and fast .
thank you .
i would like to start by asking you to remember the time of your childhood when you were playing with the violin .
while they realized how to reach out and reach out and move the arms of the world , they actually learned to think and to solve problems by understanding and changing the context .
the spatial thinking is closely connected to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and to develop the knowledge .
in short , a computer system is a computer the size of a computer .
they can be moved by hand , they can perceive each other , they can capture their movements , and they have a screen and a screen .
more importantly , they 're physical , which is why you can move them like blocks through the reach of your hands and grab .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the
and if these tools become physical and develop a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the finer points of our relationship with them , then we can begin with the exploration of new and entertaining exploration .
i 'll start with a few simple pieces of paper .
this video is configured for the smoke screen , and if i smoke it in one direction , the video will play forward , and if i drop it in the other direction , it will go backwards .
and these ... these ... these ... these ...
so if i put them next to each other , it 'll make you interested .
when you 're surrounded by space monsters , you can also notice and get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and pitch .
an interesting result of the interactions that we began to recognize was that we could use daily gestures on data , like throwing colors as you do with fluids .
in that case , we 've configured three of the data points as a conduit , and i can use it to put paint in the middle where it gets mixed .
if we go too far , we can go a little further .
there are also some nice opportunities in education , like languages , mathematics or economics , where we give people the opportunity of a quick study and want to see the results immediately .
here i am ... this is a data analysis that i 'm making with a simple computer .
it 's a game of words that 's kind of a combination of scrabble and boggle .
basically , you get every round on each of these random , random letters , and while you try to form words , they are tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new method of testing .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a field trip , i could get them to try it and tape a video of it .
you really loved it .
an interesting fact in this kind of applications is that you don 't have to give people many instructions .
all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
there are some people here who are testing it .
this is our youngest top right down there .
it turns out he was just trying to stack the boxes .
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive video game .
we were going to develop a special training program for ...
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by lifting the key from the table that shows this character .
this is where he makes the sun rise .
the sun rises
now he 's getting a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the lead vocal and putting it together , he can make the characters interact ...
... invent his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it 's going .
flying cat .
the last example for which i have time to show it today is a set of music programs that we have recently developed and in the sound of music , like bass , and drums .
each has four different variations , one can choose which one wants to use .
and you can put these notes into the sequence that you can order in random patterns .
and you eat them by simply holding a food supply to a food truck .
there are effects that can be altered live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone and then you turn it into a set .
and then even greater effects such as speed and volume , which you apply to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we start by adding the voice to the voice in two sets and ordering it in a series , to expand and add a little more to the voice .
now i add a bass .
now i 'm gonna do some drums .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by dropping the speed one way or the other .
and now i connect the filter to the bass , for a little more expression .
i can surround the sequence while it 's running .
i don 't have to plan them in advance , but i can improvise , prolong or shorten them .
and in closing , i can block out the whole sequence by leaning the angle to the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new forms of energy that fit better with how our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to show you a part of this new development and some of the possibilities of what we 're working on in our lab .
the thought that i want to give you is that we are on the threshold of this new generation of human interaction with digital media , bringing information into our world that meets our requirements .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to all of you !
hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , well , what do you want to be ?
i 'm gonna have to give it a little bit of a boost , and it 's just that , you know , molecular biology is really , really busy with modern biology .
i 've been studying molecular biology and i 've been studying molecular biology for a few years now , and i 've just started it because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , which is what i learned in college .
so that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to matter , like that .
i think that the molecular biology in general now , in general speaking , biotechnology , all that matters is synthetic biology and so on .
the important thing is , is now extremely important and much more , much more important in the future .
there are controversial things like all these genetically engineered plants on the floor .
now there 's craig venter in the fish tank trying to make a fuel source , so fuel from algae .
among other things , there are things that have become completely normal , which most people are not aware of , for example , that allow us to do laundry at 40 degrees , are also genetically engineered enzymes .
and the list can go on forever .
and so , out of the interest in this technology , i went further in .
so why hack now ?
most people know it from the people 's club .
computer hacking , and then in the media , it 's like , yeah , hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
well , that 's kind of sad , because that 's not what she started like that , and what 's behind it .
and in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 70s , the ' 80s , the internet , they all started .
and it 's about , in a more creative , creative , original way , solving a problem .
and it 's just , it 's just , you know , it 's software , but there 's also a whole computer system that does all kinds of freaky stuff with computer stuff .
but it 's also a code , and you can program it , and you can hack it , and i find that incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get a lot deeper .
it actually only took 2,000 really shape , these networks .
there 's a lot of them . there 's a lot of them .
but it 's always about finding such a casual access , such a casual way of handling it .
and then there 's , like , " dot dot dot dot dot dot dot , dot dot dot dot , dot dot , dot , dot , dot , dot . "
it 's a network , it 's actually more of a forum where you meet and discuss online .
they 're a little more technical , and they 're also a little bit more technical , and they ask , yes , applied questions .
and based on these networks that made the whole thing popular , this is the kind of scene i want to do for a moment .
up here , on the left , you can see , it 's a school , it 's a school , it 's a private school , it 's a community center where everyone can go .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what you can do when these test results are on .
there 's a group down here on the left , indonesia , which is called , but it 's been around for a long time .
longer than these other two networks .
they also deal in an artistic aspect of biological materials , and , yes , also , and combine them in a rather more subtle way .
and i have a lecture upstairs in the other picture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibit on the subject .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that unites you is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it , and what you want to do with it , you want to go up to society and ask , you know , what do you want to do with it ?
so , okay , to hack biology now , you kind of need material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you usually understand under a lab , they 're kind of freaky machines , extremely expensive , extremely distant , just for college students , trained academics with ph.d. and so on .
and our approach was just to say , okay , you don 't have to do that .
that 's not really necessary , because each of you has more advanced technology than most of us .
and , o , with the premise of that premise , for example , brian brian piccolo in england was trying to put together a , like , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , a , a , a , uh , a , a , a , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a , a , a , a , uh , uh , uh ,
so anyone who 's ever had a soup that 's been dumped for too long has done it before .
i tried to expand a little bit at my lab at home , and then i just bought a little bit of , you know , on ebay , and i did a little bit of , you know , analysis , like , a paternity test ,
and this is , uh , the , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , this is , this is , uh , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , this is , uh , uh , this is , uh , uh , uh , this is , uh , uh , uh , this is , this is , this is ,
and , yeah , well , you see , it 's a relatively relatively common , so there are people who do it alone at home , up to big , larger organizations , which are more technically in the form .
and that 's what it was all about , okay , who are we , what do we want , what do we want to say ?
and what are our values and what are our values , our foundation ?
and that 's when we worked out some kind of computer plan .
that was rather intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , their and what moves them , then .
there , in my opinion , was a pretty good code .
and we 'll have it , it 's not binding , but that 's just , i think , pretty well done , people are pretty sure of that .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't .
well , i think we from the university of economics are one step ahead of the academic world .
what kind of projects do we do now ?
a project that i did with my own design project in switzerland , was that we wanted to create a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we put a modified torch in it , and we took out the laser , and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and that didn 't work out , but we learned a lot .
some other project from the french group in paris that worked , that 's pretty cool .
i mean , he 's got this , like , a , you know , kind of , you know , kind of , you know , kind of , you know , like , a , you know , kind of , like , a ... like , like , like , like , like , like , like , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , like , like ,
he then made this helmet and in cooperation with the museum , it worked .
then the visitors could enter the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you thought or what you thought , the lights went on in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that has something to do with that , that 's the most complicated , complicated word .
so the point is to copy genes , to replicate genes , to reproduce fragments , to make them visible .
and the machines that do something like that , they 're pretty expensive , which you buy commercial , the cheapest go at 4,000 euros .
and it 's not in the science lab , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
well , it 's just an application of a lot of people to do with it .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a frame where it 's clearly being played .
well , in my opinion , it 's a very successful hack .
a project i started the other day was to build a wall .
it 's , like , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a ... like , like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like , a ... like a ... like , a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ,
and then you load them on the side of the table , and then you put them in the kitchen , and then i shot them on onions , and then i made them glow .
so the device you see there , it didn 't work .
but that 's kind of my prototype , which looked pretty awesome on a branch like that , the thing on it , the electronics on it , and the pressure was too high , it broke .
and then i took a phone call and hooked it up .
you know , when you fill it with water , it 's got a lot of pressure , so i think it 's about 40 to 40 or so .
and with it , you can speed up the particles strong enough , and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 5 ' 10 " up or something , like , 50 .
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that is , at the moment , also , the main focus of the scene is to increase the availability of technology and also to increase the information and the information and the information that more people can get involved .
because , as i was saying at first , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people don 't know very little about it , and they don 't have a chance to make up really well .
because if you just read about it , it 's not the same as when you 've done it or seen it yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more and more important in our modern societies .
and if , as a citizen , you want to be able to make meaningful decisions in society and have a say , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you also have to do and understand to do and understand .
and that 's what i 'm talking about .
the fact that , as a citizen , you are in a position to deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is the most important part of the world .
these are the people who have at least officially registered on the website ,
that 's quite a number of people around the world .
and what 's interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
i think there are fewer people listed there than actually exist .
well , i know about some people who didn 't sign up .
and now they 're just the people , the individual people .
in part , with these , uh , cell phone records , which are registered to these places .
and that 's in the beginning .
like i said , it just started .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
and this has now become a gigantic network of very good , yes , the world 's most influential .
and we hope , of course , that we will spread , and then we will be equally well connected so that more people can get involved .
and i would invite anyone once to deal with it and try something for themselves .
it 's not that simple now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity to put enough energy into it , then you can go far .
thanks for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do humans actually work ?
it 's a question that moves me very much as a designer , but also in the area in the late ' 50s and most of all the users experience .
it 's about how you run into people in mediums , so that they can use this stimulating media to create a most rewarding experience .
because i believe that we have archaic , cognitive models , which , in our biological memory , have been programmed for a very , very long time , and that we can actually recreate them through interactive media .
and that 's very amazing , because you actually believe that the future is right with us , with our roots .
what are archaic models now ?
i once wrote down four of them , and i 'd like to explain them .
in the most advanced cognitive models , these are the models we acquired in the most modern times .
among these model models , we have a strictly natural relationship with the us .
that sounds unusual in principle .
but i will go right back to that and i will prove to you by trying to prove to you that you , too , have a natural relationship with the people .
the second aspect is that we have been able to speak very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very figuratively these days , we use a more common language .
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the mainstream media , by definition , are a code of denial , which , of course , involves the denial of the social media , and which , of course , tells us that we think the media is normal today .
the fourth point is that history is a place for us to live .
what 's it like with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
let me show you .
how many doors have the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer that right off the bat , but here 's what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
you walk through this house in spirit , where you live , and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's what they do .
it 's the reality of reality without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and that 's when we try to make the most of it , like , the virtual reality in our reality , and we can do it all the time .
and these assets , the virtual reality , they needed the people in the darkest times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or they didn 't have any .
they had no mass media .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in that head , the memory went off .
in this head , knowledge was seized and with the help of these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge was passed on .
and that is why it is so deeply rooted in us that we are so good at dealing with the hybrid .
the interesting thing is , if i can take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , man was also a medium .
if you think a little more .
what 's the media today ?
then they 'll realize there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right back to that .
the vital tools of the trade federation have always been stories .
shamans , priests , so-called priests , were specially designed to keep knowledge in stories .
and today , we are still very , very strong with stories .
according to the author of the book of animal , jonathan duncan , according to the author of the book , we still spend 1 5 and a half hours a year in front of stories .
that means for a child who has spent most of his life with the front desk of stories .
now we think that our love for stories is because we sat on our parents ' laps as a child .
no , no , far from it .
it goes much further back in the cultures of the ages .
for me , however , in the area of the media is particularly impressive , that we have , per se , implanted in our biological memory , the ability to think .
i brought you an example of the north american tribe of the north american .
and the lives of the british columbia university .
and as you can see , this is a very populated area , and you had to somehow navigate from island to island to get food .
and they did it with , like , what , what , what , what ?
you might know that , too , if you 're a little interested in that , from the australian natives .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have a plastic gun , they used the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
and what 's interesting about the fact that the navigation and the data from the locations of songs .
although the language was subject to a higher rank .
it means you can hear the sounds and the rhythm .
and these sounds and this rhythm , the geology , the rock of a region , and of course , it also allowed you to put these songs together and put them together and move to the left , to the right and back to the right .
why don 't we sing more to get from top to b.
not to navigate , anyway .
what happened ?
this is what happened .
we 've moved before in what we call a " a " .
it happened , and it happened , and the book happened , and it happened .
this is what happened that we have shifted the responsibility to our memories and our own production of our individual memories to external media .
the book and the picture .
so , unfortunately , we have lost a bit of practice in god .
suddenly , we have become strangers to us , and has nothing to do with reality .
from the top to the bottom .
what influences our thinking and our memories ?
then these are the most destructive influences in the cultures .
over the centuries , more and more have been signed over by the influences of the universe .
which means , instead of remembering individually , we have , uh , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
we no longer produce ourselves .
we have an abstract language .
we no longer imagine things in pictures , things no longer in pictures , but we teach them our language .
we got used to things being linear .
and we have accepted the terms of law , and there are only exceptions , such as , for example , the tax laws .
what we have left is the most beautiful .
we 're still very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much under arrest .
the question is , what 's next ?
we had the warden , we had the order of business , and we are now going on what is called the " business . "
it sounds very , very , very , very sci-fi , i know .
but these concepts of the ministry of culture , they bring back these opportunities to rediscover our abilities .
it 's a matter of money .
let me explain .
there are , like , technical concepts like , like , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , you know , the , the , you know , the , the , the , you know , the ,
of course , as crazy as this may sound in the context of my program , we are physically moving in not a virtual world , just like the example of the holodeck .
and others , another example , are the most sophisticated , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can react intelligently to a man .
all of this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability as a real habitat .
i 've brought a very , very nice project with me , and i hope the video works , a very , very nice project , this is the production of michael burk ,
and the two are here today .
maybe you can get up for a minute so they can talk about the project at recess .
and i brought this project as an example of how to be addressed again by this , uh , cognitive , cognitive models .
this is a game , i must say .
which , of course , is extremely offensive to the brain and it 's a computer game .
and when i say computer games , you 're very likely to see that some people are playing with people in front of any consoles or that they 're playing with some console in their hand .
in any case , you do that in there .
this is a game for the outside .
and this is specifically designed to detect the outside world , so i 'm discovering the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce is the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you can explain it a lot better . there 's more to it .
and it 's about me discovering a city by seeing which places were positively or negatively tweeted .
and so i get from the city a completely different view , a completely different impression , because i see negative and positive areas of a city and so i get a very different virtual map of a very real city .
let 's have a look .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is another little explanation of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this sack is a talking sack and mine will speak instead .
he won 't do that .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but so far i 'm a little curious .
yes , children are naturally curious or should be curious , designers too .
i 'm from the house , so , of course , i deal with the subject of curiosity and how does curiosity change our thinking again , and why do we lose curiosity and have to drink it again and so on ?
it 's a whole series of things that you deal with next to the actual fact that you live as an adult .
when professors get curious , they get caught up in some sort of , you know ?
and that 's what i 've had in the last six months .
it 's a reference to the natural user interface design .
now you 're going to wonder why all the sex talk starts with so natural , so , so natural , so natural , so , you know , sexual , and so on .
and i think only one of these little devices up , because things are always meant to be more natural , more natural , more natural , and you just have to see what is natural to us people , what is natural or intuitive ?
so i 've been dealing with when is what natural or intuitive ?
might have to take another look .
why is this happening ?
so if we look at the development of our society , represented here for a moment , we move from the third to the fourth or fourth .
so from the modern to the western world .
every society is defined by an economic model .
in the beginning , it was the language .
it means that you found yourself , by speaking a common language , you could communicate with each other , move into the same cave , or in other areas , have formed cities , or villages , and create a sort of ...
but the language was the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn , too , so no infant can speak from nature , but we learn to speak from it .
it was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of the abstraction .
it was an original , because , of course , you start to manifest the living language in the form of writing , which means what fluid and alive , i start and then i turn it into stone , and so i manipulate it .
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , it is , of course , a completely different story , as if one is alive , so to speak .
but then , in the end , he moved in .
then came the next generation where we actually live primarily today .
that 's just the print and print printed print with gutenberg and others .
in those days , it was just as an insult when nobility , clergy , and others said , " are you crazy when the people start reading , then they want to talk about it later and it 's totally fatal . "
it totally confuses us , of course , because we see on one side the new media , social media , facebook , et cetera .
and these two worlds are banging on each other , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing about it is that when you look at it , this new society , this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , this , uh ... this , this , uh ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ...
but now not at the local level , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that the theme ecology is a global .
not if i think locally ecologically , and the neighbor thinks less ecologically , it doesn 't work .
that is , from the local village , a global village has actually become one of the same principles , as natural , as intuitive , but also total transparency .
the way you knew back in the village , who was with whom and when , these days , it 's happening to the expansion of our own , through this mobile , on a global level .
let it be that we know that we accumulate global and grow faster and better .
just like it used to happen in the village .
in the background , i was just so busy watching , what does it mean , what is natural for us , what have we forgotten , what is instinct to us , what does it matter ?
because a lot of people come , they can 't do it to keep everyone around .
so you have to deal with it , what does that mean , not just change it that it 's different , it 's supposed to get better .
you get busy , even in your studies , on the subject of perception and the brain .
and that is , of course , where you start and you look and you say , okay , now i just look inside .
what 's it look like in there ?
so how do we work when we look in there ?
and what does , of course , mean , intuitive and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive processing work ?
because steve jobs once said you need to dig to understand how it works .
so you really have to look in detail when i want to do something a little more intuitive or intuitive , what does that mean ?
and to see how we process information , how do we record information ?
what is information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of people use the word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i need to understand at the core , to understand , in essence , when information becomes information , when information becomes information and information , so that i know how to make things as intuitive or as possible .
and , of course , how design affects perception .
so much more natural , in a jar , but i can see straight where there 's salt and pepper .
and when i tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , they 'll think about what 's in it .
and when you 're left , you just grab intuitive , and then hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , just give the salt as well .
but even our own perception , how can it deceive us ?
like that perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little one , although that 's not the case , but they 're the same size , and yet our perception changes the way we put things .
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
should still work .
it 's more like my glasses .
it 's a circle .
a second circle is beginning to associate certain resemblance to both sides .
that 's what they call a , a , or a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
it 's important for the college kids . they usually do it in the first semester .
the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
often in the third , then forgotten again .
but it 's a very important part , if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting is that of the brain .
it sounds a bit trite , but it 's pretty exciting when you 're closer to it .
so we have eyes in front , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
this is wrong .
you look from the back to the front .
you have come up with an assumption that you see something that you recognize , a circle .
that means we need to see what we see before we see it , put it back in the back of our heads to say , okay ,
i 've got some cognitive impairment , you 've got something you want to see .
that 'll be there , and that 'll come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front , and it says , " please look again and make sure what you see is what you want to see . "
and then it goes back , and then it 's actually seen .
it 's a very , very exciting process , how certain things happen and how these things happen .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i just described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
anybody see anything in particular ?
a dalmatian , right .
once i saw that there was a dalmatian in there , you know that .
you 'll never forget because i 'll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
go on , now you always see him .
which means that i have now actually corrupted you in fact that you no longer see a pattern in there , but i have conditioned you within a short time to see that dog in that picture .
and this is that projection of the brain , feedback , seeing .
now i know , and now i 'm looking forward to seeing the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
well , it 's a very exciting process , which , in this , yes , it 's not gray , but in this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
when i know something takes three seconds ... before i can , in a manner of speaking from the present to the time of the year ... i can also bypass the waiting in which i employ someone with three seconds .
he needs to process that as a present .
then it goes back to the past , and so i can , in a very elegant way , wait on the computer when i know this phenomenon .
what 's 25 milliseconds ?
yes , milliseconds .
it 's a fascinating phenomenon .
that 's the time you fall in love .
that means , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at for how long , because i don 't take a gun for what can happen .
and sixteen milliseconds and an exciting phenomenon .
that 's the time frame of most of the perceptions we have .
that means that first impression happens at a rapid speed , as we perceive things .
and no matter how we look at things , which we look out for , and how we , in a way , protect ourselves against our environment so that we can think about it .
of course , the computer systems are not only concerned with the subject of sensory and sensory input or sensory input , but primarily , of course , the subject of sensory input .
so how does a person deal with certain things ?
well , there 's a time when there 's , like , the practical , or , you know , casual , or ...
there are places where i know exactly where to reach .
but there is also a symbolic function , why does someone give for such a small purse , where nothing can fit , such a rich hum of money , even though it 's not so convenient ?
it 's more like a symbolic one , the one that we deal with as a ...
back to my very topic of natural user interface and the subject , which , of course , is , of course , more practical .
it always means , how can i reach a certain destination as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a certain online system be effective , efficient , and satisfying .
more like the norm .
how can i do something as simple as possible ?
can i operate it directly , or do i need a manual or do i need a proper training ?
and it 's not as good as it looks .
the fact that i only make it different and more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's better to make it better .
you have to understand .
it 's not the first time since apple , intuitive brain is an artificial intelligence , which is , if i 'm trying to harness technology to man .
why ?
because , usually , through this new type of , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the
you have to imagine that if you do something of the classic , it will take you five hours and with this new nature of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean you can probably go home four hours sooner , but your employer or someone will notice how he employs you with the four hours .
but what i 'm trying to say is that , of course , it is an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
then , if we go back to the software area , the first command line interfaces that were very abstract , where it took months to deal with these systems .
then the next people who have been working with a neural model or mental model like the software , who have been working on something , the metaphor , the metaphor of a desktop , to harness the computer .
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic codes , just a metaphor .
it 's done a lot more damage , but , of course , it 's much better .
now , the next generation of the world 's most wanted , has a lot more to do with behavior .
so that 's where i , as a fashion photographer , is a lot more likely behavior than looks .
it 's also one of those , uh ...
that all of a sudden , i don 't want to look any more and less important to success , especially to become a hollywood actress .
and if i have to take one more step into this natural user interfaces where i , by voice , by touch , by touch , by touch , and not by mouse , and i have to control things , then i 'm even faster and even more immediate .
but that also leads me back to the point , when are things actually going to get worse ?
if you 're going to become an expert , and then i have to try and see my little friend here again , what does that mean from the point of view , when is something really intuitive ?
and that 's always a little intuitive to us people when i have to think as little as possible .
so apparently , he doesn 't like to think , he wants to make it relatively easy .
the less i think about it , the more it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that is , if we look at the fact that we can transmit existing cell numbers from one to another , like the metaphor , then i can use it as a means of survival .
it means that i can just transfer a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
of course , the question is , what is the most important thing about us people and now i 've already told you .
this is what they call a " the " .
each one of us uses it , and it 's an acronym , and it stands for direction , direction , information ,
that 's what every one of them does all the time , but he does it subconsciously , and , in a way , intuitive .
the model is already in the mother 's womb , and it works in the world , young and old , and is used by us all the time , without most of us knowing that the model is present .
we 've had about 50 or 50 of us depending on activity in our sleep , so in our sleep , we 've found that it 's less common than a day .
i can now determine this mental state of mind , control , inform , transfer control to a computer system .
and by that kind of transference , similar to the metaphor of the verb , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a metaphor , a metaphor , a metaphor of a metaphor .
and this is on a higher grail of the earth as the transmission of a classic metaphor , which is of the natural phenomenon .
then i can transfer the whole thing .
i 'm going to try it on a satellite .
everybody 's just had cake .
now , i 'm sort of , you know , i 'm sort of , you know , i 'm sort of , you know , i 'm sort of , you know , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , you know , i 'm , i 'm sort of , i 'm , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm sort of , i 'm
i get all the overview , now i can filter and say , just show me all the chocolate stuff , for example .
and all of a sudden , i have an interface which is much more complex and much more natural .
i want to help you find a very specific aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity can 't be learned .
that 's why all who are here and are curious , in fact , are people who have a quality you can 't learn .
i 'm all about , basically , going through this whole world of the end of the world , doing 40 years in quality .
and there 's a central point .
and it 's attached to phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day , they give out plus , like , two grams of phosphorus , and every day , they have to absorb two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can 't have teeth .
they can 't save power .
you can 't have bones .
all we could do is , as the mollusks of the sea .
in fact , if we don 't put any phosphorus in it .
it is , amazingly , we are dealing with something here that would be a sure thing , but not at all .
because everyone talks about energy , but no one talks about power .
it 's much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we 've only got two years of phosphorous , and already , by the time we 've been through the world , there 's a lot more uranium in the environment than used in all the time .
in the last 20 years alone , there have been tons of uranium distributed in our fields in germany .
and we record it all .
it makes leukemia for kids .
and we think we 'd protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , reduce power .
that 's not protection .
it 's like if i said , protect your child , beat it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from the cradle to the stretcher , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later .
to think from cradle to cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground first .
there 's over 60 % of the floor .
right now , we 're building corn , and we 're losing 30 tons of 30 tons per acre , or at the square foot .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than new .
well , of course , we can check out the , uh ...
and everything is packaging or contents .
for example , at the average age of 20 % of the average age is now diapers .
and because we get older , it makes the diapers grow .
that 's them , so to speak , they 're all in the family business .
yeah ?
a baby needs , like , 6 ' 2 " diapers .
we could , of course , reduce this by ten percent , but what does it matter ?
that will be settled in china in a second .
it doesn 't matter .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here 's the proof , by the way , that men aren 't pigs .
i 'll tell you .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs through solid excrement .
with people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because it 's full , right ?
traditionally , we think in the world , we are too many .
and if you tell people that if you don 't exist , if you tell people that you shouldn 't be there , they become more and more hostile .
and so says someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save the earth .
the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could get termites , but in the united states , no one likes termites that far , even though they 're vegetarians .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than us .
and because they work physically harder than us , and because they only live three to six months , they are in their weight , in power consumption , 30 billion people .
we 're not too many , we 're too stupid .
you can only be a member of parliament if you don 't exist .
the only chance .
have you ever seen a fallen tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
so all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
there 's no tree .
fortunately , no .
there 's no tree line .
there are still 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
have you ever heard of a tree ?
that means all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and where you can see , even in something like , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
every year we lose , like , three million tons of phosphorus that would really have to go back to normal .
and we 're too many .
alone above .
it means that we feel so guilty on earth that we say there is no , no , no , no , no , no .
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
i 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful to the environment .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it 's about having a large footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , the highest is not to be there , right ?
- yes .
the only way you can have it is if you 're not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they 'd have emissions .
you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we do farming in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
we can get nutrients back in agriculture .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the garbage from it .
in china , a chamber pot in china is called a chamber pot .
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that means the whole western front line is marked that the city has only taken , but never returned anything to the peasants .
it made the cities grow more and more because the farmers went to the cities and the cities had to keep taking their nutrients away .
that 's why all the western empires are always expanding until they can no longer manage the infrastructure and then they implode .
yeah ?
china was different .
they 've been able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , you expect to stay until you go to the bathroom .
because it 's rude to go and take the nutrients .
she was invited to dinner , not to the party .
that means you can see on the internet how to reclaim the nutrients .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate in the favelas goes back over 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
we can help you be good .
of course , it 's a standard issue , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are designed by the design a farmer can just farm them .
that means that 's the way to go back .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could just throw in a liter of aluminum , and then it would be ruined for years .
it 's not happening .
that means we don 't have to control people , be as bad as possible .
we can help you be good .
that means we have to get phosphorus back .
and by the way , if you want to do something about it , write it down , germany is best suited by all the military in frankfurt .
i 'm afraid they 're not in the south of france , but maybe you can help them out .
because the frankfurt stereo is best to get the phosphorus back .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we can see that it does .
we 've been in holland for over three years .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world , which will cause phosphorus .
but we need the total .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's population .
there 's a whole bunch of them .
that 's 26 countries controlling 40 % of the population .
and the oil we will be able to replace by other means .
but you can 't replace the phosphorus .
that 's not the point of making things a little less bad . it 's about doing something right .
and it 's the right thing to do .
it means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
it 's easier to understand in holland because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you 've upset her and you come with fifty roses .
completely inefficient .
but very effective .
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six and a half pounds during her life .
in .
that 's not scientifically accurate , because we don 't know how much sodium is .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but completely effective , yes ?
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
that 's why it 's not too efficient . it 's efficient .
to ask , what is the right thing ?
not to burn the oven a little bit better and use it to burn it and to lose all the materials in the incinerator , but first to ask , how do you close the door ?
think of mozart as efficient .
yeah ?
if i ask her out to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill with a glass of water .
beautiful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone efficient ?
yeah ?
that means all that matters in life is not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
the whole fucking thing .
we tell people , oh , yeah , you don 't have a southern accent .
no , throwing that away is just the thing , right ?
in every place where you throw away , from , yes , you can put it back .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big .
the way we think from the north .
every footprint there is prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the ground .
because the ground will kill the moose and the wind and the water will wash the ground .
but if you 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it 's about creating a huge footprint that 's gonna be a huge footprint .
don 't look back .
we say sustainability in germany .
yeah ?
but when i ask you , how are you doing with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say i 'm sorry for your loss .
that 's the minimum .
so don 't skimp , avoid .
every garbage is nutrient .
and it 's a pleasure to have you in italy , to see people in the high bow kick out of the car , to do that .
because , you know , this is a process of elimination .
it 's a form of ...
you can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
for example , we 've developed a fluid at room temperature .
they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two hours , she 'll be all over the place .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing it away , it will contribute to the production .
that means we 're useful , no less harmful .
so there are two kinds of things .
i don 't want everything to be a little more ...
you use a tv or a washing machine , you don 't use it .
just things , things , things , like car tires , like car tires , they have to be in biological systems .
the things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we 're just talking about biological systems .
yeah ?
like the sneakers ?
very direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company succeed in making these products .
because we don 't make things free anymore .
yeah ?
well , if i invite you to dinner and say it 's free of chicken , it won 't do you any good .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
affirmative .
so it 's not like it 's been stolen .
not poisonous .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first pair of shoes you can use to put the plastic one on the side of the bed , and the rubber can go into biological makeup .
all of it is .
and if we succeed , we will , of course , be able to do it for nike , for nike and mauritz and mauritz and the whole staff .
and that 's half of all the world 's nuclear weapons that are caused by the radiation .
that 's why you 're helping out , ask people .
hey , cougar , are you really serious ?
because they 've changed the ceo twice now .
and i 'm not so sure you 're really sticking to it .
so , give me a hand .
but it works .
yeah .
the one that just happened .
i can .
we can make things so that when they break , they can go into biological cells .
it 's the same thing .
there 's a direct line to this .
this is the first ecological backpack , actually designed to go back into circulation .
you can get things back in any store .
if that 's what you think .
remember the diaper ?
right now , it 's garbage .
these diapers are everywhere .
in the countries where people get money .
over there on the west side , but in the countryside .
yeah ?
only if you take this diaper , cut it , sterilize it and use the powder to plant trees .
that 's how the baby is born for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't need to be more forthcoming , we can be more discreet .
it 's sort of a , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's a , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
meanwhile , a lot of people are working there , and you can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go to .
so no more saving , no more saving , no more avoiding , no less , no less , no more saving , but an intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the chief of staff .
music as language .
it is written in the description of my speech that i , as a translator , as a translator in the english translation program .
i am the interpreter of written notes in sound music .
even from the german to the english , it can take more knowledge than when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it 's a strange thing for a layman to do what we musicians do with our music .
in the first place , i only have the written notes .
i 'm sure you think that the composer in the notes has put everything in his mind .
actually , the notes are very vague and inaccurate .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , albeit very seemingly accurate description of a landscape .
because in this verbal language , the smell of flowers is not to be able to smell , but to anticipate the level of the smell of the wind , not to feel the smell of the wind .
it means that the us government will have to translate ... that the us government 's information into another , which is , in fact , a concrete , concrete , concrete ...
today , i would like to translate what i otherwise translate musically into a verbal language .
practically a translation of the translation .
that 's why i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be tantamount to translation .
so the music works for me like the spoken language .
in the process , the written notes are the function of the letters .
so it 's not enough just to learn to read the notes and press the corresponding keys on the piano or the right place on a piano bench .
it 's just the letters you learned to paint .
you can 't tell the meaning of the letters until you can speak the language .
therefore , to learn the learning process of music , it takes as long as the spoken language .
there is also a question of whether or not you can learn it for the master 's , only understand , or you can speak freely , until the musical end .
the work of the chief of staff is starting to look like the work of a police officer .
after you first choose to play a play , because you 're excited about it , you start to explore after the emergence of the composition .
they 're gathering information about the play in the library .
you read in the letters , journals , notes , or words , thoughts of the composer itself .
you study the works he wrote before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reason to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested .
you think about this time , for example , by watching contemporary pictures or reading literature .
but in time , you have a rich knowledge of the composer you play more often , and it 's always easier to feel inside him .
the composer becomes more and more a friend to live with .
his desire to write the play is becoming more and more my personal business to play it .
now that the notes are anything but an accurate record of the musical instrument , but only a scaffolding , i now apply this scaffolding to recharge it with meaning and meaning .
i will say in my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing video games , which could mean these sounds .
now for me and for the composer back then and what you could mean for him now .
every sound , every phrase makes sense , because i feel it myself , because it comes from my now , personally .
it has to be in here and now for me or i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the play that i have worked so long in advance as new .
how to relive a happy new day , though always with the same rituals of life , get up , get up , have breakfast , go to work , so i also see the same play over and over again .
i got a day older again , change the seasons , my pulse goes slower in the evening than in the morning , in a concert hall it takes longer for sound to come back than at home .
i perceive the audience 's breathing , conscious or unconsciously .
all this affects me , and all that affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , even when i 'm on stage with a radio operator and we 're on the same page .
then the same thing happens in a good , old-fashioned conversation .
you bring in a new idea and immediately it is answered with a reaction .
it 's exciting , because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and can 't rehearse .
it 's fun to make music this way , and you , as the audience , have experienced how the music communicates alive .
every concert is different .
i will never play like this again .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
i will have more life experience than i have today , and therefore , on my palette of the subject , i will have much more experience of emotions and sensations than today .
sure , i 'll have kicked out a couple of college kids , too , but i 'll have to get new ones .
have a nice specific example .
it was at a school concert at my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen mishkin , a well-known music teacher , concert pianist and longtime professor here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was much too young , so that he was already more mature than when i finally started studying .
but i was very lucky to meet him at age 13 , and so i went to school in his classes .
i was 17 when i was once again in one of his classes , and i played the last of the four ballads of chopin , a jazz musician .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was for me .
it 's such a tricky part .
and in my study , i said , anticipation .
that 's what he said .
that must be the age difference .
because to me , it means memory .
he was already over 60 .
well , when you 're seventeen , you have dreams , but no meaningful memories .
i play the play again every couple of years , and it 's changed for me , even though not one note has changed .
every time it 's exciting because i keep reading something new .
it 's an example from a completely different area .
it 's always the same garden , but at a different time of day , at the light of day .
he was translating the universal translation codes , just like he saw them , the way they looked at him at that moment .
his personal security clearance from the police department .
the most dramatic interpretation of a play is like this .
in the meantime , i 'm older than chopin at age 32 when he wrote the play .
he 's only lived for 20 years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking into the notes , even if i think i know them by heart .
to keep track , straight with the composer .
because the notes are the only link directly to him .
especially when he 's already dead .
well , how do you begin to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as the spoken language .
sometimes music lessons are so that you learn to read music .
you practically learn to read first before you speak a word .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
when all fingers are in time and right the way the notes are moving , sounds come out that sound together sound like music .
if this is done correctly , the student will receive the final piece .
there 's not much talk about interpretation in the physics department .
all right , then it 's in the front . presto .
lento , slowly .
loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
most people here know that .
but even if you get that information , it 's still just a little technical .
and it 's still not an interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder how often you forget something completely different .
that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical music and feel there before .
the singing .
a child who didn 't learn to sing because parents didn 't fake it won 't .
it 's like being in a movie .
it is necessary to have your own experiences and the idea of music , then to do it over another possibility , so to make it sound about an instrument .
people who have never sung have never felt the same with their own body as it is to form a sound .
to create a phrase with his own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal chords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
that 's how the piano players are the continuation of my fingers .
the melody comes from the rhythm of the dance .
it 's not a good thing to be a music constant .
you don 't have to make music anymore when you get bored .
no more need to whistle or sing a song .
you know , every music you play , you get wiped out from the outside .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do if i can 't sing ?
i ask , can 't you sing , a , because you think you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for both to start to find out if they can 't , or learn how to use these little muscles , the vocal cords , properly .
you can train that .
or c , because you got a clean bill that you 're unfit .
then i ask , how was this diagnosis competent ?
have you brought in a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , a , a , a , a , uh , a , a , uh , uh , a , a , a , a , a , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , a , a , uh , uh , uh , a , a , uh , a , uh , uh ,
or d , they don 't like music and they don 't want anything to do with it .
which i would regret , because music is a beautiful , beautiful thing .
maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , no one has to be a lost candidate .
but don 't tell me i don 't know anything about classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can tell whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone says i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
you don 't give up food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me if you like it or not .
whether the music is too steep or too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , they also get standards , and they want to add a little more spices , or even taste some fine differences .
why do i ask my audience to listen ?
because the music is a language and a language is to communicate .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work .
the food that was lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook must be eaten and not just watched or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when a music is played .
she 's not just a nice girl .
when in an environment where adults are actively playing music or at least listening to music , raising a child , it 's easy for a music teacher to ask what color is your flower ?
can you play it in blue now ?
and the child plays , after a wedding , instead of a red , now a blue flower .
and this sounds very different from before .
it was the very first beginning of its own musical expression .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today that was originally written 100 , 200 or even 300 years ago ?
meanwhile , the instruments have begun to shift .
there was no piano in bach at the time .
it just wasn 't invented .
i think the creek would have been thrilled if it had the most profitable opportunities for today 's modern pianos .
i can now make the music of the bach , the modern piano , which a modern harpsichord cannot .
you also know that beethoven heard more than he had gone deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra from back then turned down .
that 's why the composers are dependent on us , who reinvent the pieces .
so that they may be able to hear what they have conceived in their minds .
and what you would think today in spirit .
or what i was thinking today because what you might have thought .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i have a friend who drives a car .
and then when i come along with my little v and i miss , that feeling comes up .
something 's going through my head .
what do you need a big car for ?
it 's the first year that 's lost half its value .
and anyway , you work a lot less than me .
why do i have to afford such a small car ?
and then i remember , it 's unfair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great way to make such unpleasant feelings like envy disappear .
you can try it with words like revenge or something .
i 'd like to explain something to you today with this mechanism or something which is perhaps unconsciously familiar .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you might have heard when people say no one has the intention to build a wall .
and then you cut stones to block your view .
in such a lie , you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to verify that he has other things in mind .
he 's only fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you fooling yourself .
you need that lie to maintain a baseline .
you can do less , yes , check it , or collapse it .
you need time .
this is a time when an anecdote you might know .
the spanish painter pablo picasso once had a wife .
this woman then complained that the portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso answers .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
at this point , and when you laugh , you realize how important this lie is and how much time it takes you to know something that artists can tell us very well .
because artists have a dysfunctional relationship with lies .
the artist tells you something , and especially this lady , which she doesn 't see when she just looks in the mirror .
the artist tells you something in a portrait like this that you will not know until you look at this work of art over and over again .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you at all , and it becomes more and more like you .
here you have this mechanism where we can use the lie as a great invention to boost our power .
and not only in art , but in a folk tale , where in mythology , it comes back .
you may know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who is the fairest of them all ?
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a prettier one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from that true information , even the mirror can 't lie from that true information .
but we should just get acquainted with the fact that you can 't tell a woman there 's a prettier one somewhere else .
here , it is necessary to put what we understand under the auspices of the ship .
we need this lie in this place , which is the illusion that we cannot live without .
not only do we have in art , but in science we have such great lies .
and there 's this story about the bishop 's wife .
she heard of this book by charles darwin , the origin of the species and the origin of man .
that man should be descended from the apes and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between humans and apes .
and then she ran to her husband and said , " that 's not true what charles is writing . "
man shall be descended from a monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it is true , then we must stop people from learning .
why do we have to stop people from learning something when it 's true ?
because we can 't live without these fucking animals .
we can 't stand these things .
we must stop people from learning things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism dissolves and look like the tracks it leaves , leading to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want to give you another story .
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
he 's a very good student .
she likes him very much , because he has a taste for sincerity .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and because i 'm in the fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
yes , you can feel it when you 're cheerful in this place .
i told my wife that every time a person in a moral justification uses the word because we should try to replace it with the word " although . "
do that once , and you 'll know the sentence .
even though i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
you feel that 's the truth behind the information .
a little boy like that , he doesn 't care about the money .
he 's interested in the art department .
but there are no clubs we can look for , where you learn how to make fire .
there 's only the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he signed up .
besides , you don 't tell your teacher that you like to put fires somewhere and be happy when the fire starts .
no , it just looks so much better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning up the dangers that others can 't until they start a fire .
here you have this little mechanism .
this reference to the fact that deep inside the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
that 's just the kind of words we use in the language of politically correct .
actually , we know something else is the case .
but we know that when we say it , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that will work .
i would like to now tell you what we found out at my institute .
by what logic this deception , this delusion , the willingness , a different reality than the one we know in the unconscious that it is valid to spread out .
i want to present to you two , maybe three examples .
the first example predicts what many of you know and some of you appreciate very few of you don 't need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is something of the mind . it says , " let 's go . "
and from this soul , they now think that in some way , in this untamed nature , in this untamed nature , it is said in the latin , the jew , is present .
and when this demon is poured over man , he is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul .
and then he can run away .
that 's the idea of how the soul works .
so she 's supposed to go from outside to human .
so we 're supposed to perceive them as something that we want to live in .
and when you see this condition , you understand the logic with which we experience this happiness , through a lie to improve our world .
because now , you can use a standard .
i remember you from school .
this is now a test of logic .
that 's the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
to lie so that you can just use that logic wrong .
there are three sets in this .
the first sentence is , klaus claims there is no soul .
so the second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third set .
i 've highlighted him here .
a third sentence that shows up at once with people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say if you don 't have a soul , you 're dead and can 't say anything .
and here you feel it .
here comes the logic in this , yes , in this eloquent speech .
you 'll see .
the first two sentences , they 're logically correct .
i can say anything .
logic doesn 't make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm wrong , the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what 's going on .
i can say anything .
but what matters is , if i 'm right , it 's true .
so if klaus says there is no soul .
second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
these things are logically correct .
and now our conscious mind senses immediately , it can be made .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and acts as if the opposite of the first sentence is already proven and provided .
in fact , we have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
but with this logic , which it simply uses , that two sentences are logically correct , and a third time machine that looks like it has something to do with it , so we can save our time .
so we pretend it 's impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can continue these things on different stages of life .
in the present , we have a very modern example , that keeps filling up the food supply .
for this , you must keep yourself in a more philosophical theme , a philosophical theme from philosophy .
this has to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there was a man of letters , a man of letters , named john , and named after him , the donkey of god .
the donkey is a donkey of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's some kind of a , uh ...
and if you place the exact one right in the middle of the two cubic yards , it 'll starve to death .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go to first .
so it 's right in the middle .
this is the way we 've been introduced .
each other is dissolved by forces of the most powerful .
nothing 's happening .
only if you bring another example , so if it makes a haystack bigger , then he doesn 't need reason or anything .
it automatically goes to the right mind .
if you have this idea that you 're somehow driven by nature , by the bigger bunch that put you on right away , you feel that there must be some free will .
and while we 're here in frankfurt on the main , i 'll remind you of the special delivery system .
there 's a man of letters called wolf singer , and sometimes they say , wolf singer claims there 's no such thing .
now we can go back to the second set , and we can say that if wolf singer is right , then he doesn 't have any .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost every day in the newspaper , you 'll find in that third sentence .
he looks like he who doesn 't have a license , can 't be held accountable for his actions and claims , and therefore he 's certifiable .
you have it here too .
in fact , you have to prove if there 's such a thing as a ...
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first phrase is wrong in the first place , as if , of course , you have to accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do something for yourself , if you want to test something for yourself , and especially if you want to make people happy , inspire that courage to lie .
for example , if you ever run into a person you can tell , there 's no such thing as a man .
and please don 't use the german word for " prophet . "
you can 't call that , that would be a bit politically incorrect .
tell them there 's no such thing as a problem .
right now , they 're going to find out who , of course , is the kind of person that you can 't prove .
and now you have a problem .
because while you 're busy trying to figure out that you can 't prove that there 's no such thing as a family , the man is very happy .
he 's happy because he fooled you .
because he led them on a trail where he wouldn 't even bother himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
all he 's interested in is keeping himself free from the need to prove that there are safety issues .
so , in the way of shifting the evidence , you see the greatness of the lie .
and once again , if you have such a chance to feel that way with other people , you do it , because you will make others happy if you don 't remind them of their own .
thank you for your attention .
hello .
i asked lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the top executives here at this great event and asked me to give a lecture and give my idea .
i got to tell you , you got it . it was hard to talk about my idea at first .
and i would like to perhaps introduce to my fellow students that i am trying to introduce you .
but , of course , it 's the sum total of many , many ideas .
and i ended up in the middle of the ' 80s in berlin because i wanted to do renewable energy , and there was no such thing in the ' 80s .
there was the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
they were all called the " all of them " .
they 're called " the " .
because a good engineer either built a great car or he built it .
but it was a stupid , stupid thing like a , like a , like , 100 watts coming out of the square .
and in berlin , there was a crazy nazi war .
i am grateful to the court judge that he has rehabilitated the word again , because after the war , you were not allowed to use the word because everything left was bad .
but it wasn 't like that in the last few years .
it was then that there was a guy in kreuzberg who was suspected evil .
the place of the ' 80s , but it was called the ' 80s , and it was made of solar power and i started in the ' 80s .
and , yes , a lot of what was said today is very touching because many , many , many beautiful things have been there that i have lived through .
i 've worked in the collective for 11 years , that was a waste of time .
we were 20 people .
it deals with bullshit .
and then i took it all the way to the top of the world , and then with friends , i became part of the company , which then , along with the , uh , the , uh ,
and i brought you a project i want you to meet .
and the title of the chief engineer was how to get 100 % renewable .
and we were just starting to ask a rather curious story , where could a memory be useful today ?
on this island , this is the island of hawaii on the azores .
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a half thousand people live there .
they have a system of 15 % .
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
it 's just not technologically possible .
if they get more of each other , the system starts to fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility in the suburbs .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
but it 's not true , we have seven percent in europe and our net is physically european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems that the people on this island have .
the simple question was , if it was , if it was , if the first contacts started with the island , just do the math .
how big a battery would have to be to bring an island like this to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 % renewable .
and , yeah , i 'm gonna go slide again .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
by the way , a year , about a hundred electrical output will be in the world 's most powerful solar gigawatts .
that 's the equivalent of a hundred dollar bills , because that goes everywhere very quickly .
the world 's nuclear reactor , which takes place , is used diesel because you don 't need a permit .
that 's fast .
you put a box like that down .
and then it usually does .
there are always three of them . two are always waiting .
yeah , that 's the way it is down there .
we also got very detailed data .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
our goal was to just say , okay ,
the diesel will back-up and the wind , the sun will carry the weight so they can map the bigger part .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % renewable energy , so energy a year , not power at the moment , you have to shut down the diesel .
in that moment , you must make sure that renewable energy can take over the entire grid .
of course , the only way you can do that is to be managed here in some way .
nobody 's ever done that before .
it 's a small style , so you can also use your razor in the car for a little bit .
people are always asking me , what are you doing there in the middle of nowhere ?
it 's okay .
but if you want several of these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it will definitely be a hydrogen atom , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , you or shh , it will be .
you 're gonna have to go to a more level of power , and then you 're gonna have to make up for it , and not just a little bit .
we just wanted to know what happened to a normal , functioning battery .
how far can you get ?
and then did a whole lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average , when the average price goes up five percent a year .
and then we started to negotiate with the owners .
what should all be done ?
negotiating with investors , looking for new business .
we were only five people then to rebuild society .
and here 's the presentation again .
the brown is the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has an engine problem is that we still do 20 % with diesel , and we can 't penetrate the other stuff .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
we want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that is why we have decided to build a hall in berlin where we can , in a way , map the electrical conditions of the island on the scale of one to three .
that means we were looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here it is .
it comes naturally from asia in the case of japan .
and in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , it was developed at bbc mannheim , today , and then it was developed to the japanese .
you can see it 's a very , very big battery .
it 's got a power drain , and it can do that for six hours , and that 's the battery we 've got , so to speak .
and then they set it up .
over here , we simulate the whole cable network , the wiring 's wiring , so to speak , the power grid .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also add two hundred kilowatts to the net .
here we see this again , we see the diesel , here we see the whole , single engine .
and what we 've been doing since then , the hall has been finished , so to this day , everything that was here between the single system of electronics , software , we have done .
so , we 're not a company , we define ourselves as a company that 's just between the battery and the network and everything in between .
you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate to the net , and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island you can , in fact , predict all the problems we 'll get if we want to increase our share of renewable energy .
so , this whole discussion , how is it going to be , right now , as it should be , on the island , for example , for 25 to 30 % , so we have the wind and the sun .
the next thing you know , i 'm going to have to go .
so it 's , like , a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big .
we can start on the island , we can start by blending in , we can manage the load .
that means if you 're 70 % renewable , you can 't do it without memory .
you can do that , but you can never give up memory .
and that 's the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and take a look at that , because you can see the problems you get .
if we shut down the diesel , you don 't have that much of a mass that causes a certain inertia in the net .
and our european economic system is basically just full of spinning masses of big , spinning waves everywhere around europe .
we look into this net , we see the fifty hertz , and when it turns to , like , a little bit of light , we open a little bit of steam , then we come back up .
that 's the system .
and of course , it 's incredibly lazy .
if you take this off somewhere , it 'll take a while .
spinning reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the net steady .
and in time , they can react differently .
if you don 't have that anymore , the mass that 's in your body , you 'll have to replace it with the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and we can use this big battery for two milliseconds .
you can see what an enormous amount of energy there is .
and the message is now , we must dispense with these spinning masses , if we so to speak , twenty , twenty , twenty , twenty , thirty , thirty percent , and so on , if we 're going to reach them at all ,
then we 'll have to take out our most effective power in the net .
it just means the power plant is running to hold the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a story right now , you know , because we don 't , or we don 't , because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can take down the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , the capacity , by putting it into the net .
fortunately , there are a lot of studies .
and for that purpose , people always come and look at our favorite movie on the , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
and , yes , the discussion is always about how far ahead can you get from a far future .
and a lot of discussions i 've had in the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had in the last 30 years on the subject .
i can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's bullshit , we 've been expecting everything , never counting .
we have 30 gigawatts of electricity in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i just assume that for the next 30 years , we will have the same capacity to store the entire world .
that 's the way it 's gonna be .
there 's gonna be a whole lot of fighting and fighting .
the beauty of it is that in the last two years , i have experienced the scientists on my side .
we have now received over ten million pieces of data , even to put a bomb on the german network .
this will be the next april .
so from there you can also tell that there 's a change , and only from this resistance to yes , to the idea that a hundred percent renewable is true .
and if you 've got a hundred percent renewable , it 's like a more efficient system .
so far , in discussions , they 're always trying to get the power of the people . they have their own little network .
the simple question is , if they make themselves completely independent of any fossil or fossil fuels that are being taken somewhere in the world and taken to them , they are an island .
then they only consume what is there in the sun and wind where they live .
and that 's a bit of our vision of a self-sustaining power supply , and i 'm also grateful that you said use solar power .
and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , and that 's what we do , even the talk of premium kola , that you can be a collective again , and use solar energy here a little .
and yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a vision .
and you really have to stay pretty tough , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist for the los angeles times , one day walked the streets in downtown los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
it came from a man , an african-american , sociable , rough , homeless , playing on a violin that only had two strings .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he was a homeless man living on the streets of crowded row in downtown los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 two years ago at the walt disney concert hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to imagine me .
he spoke in a very cheerful and thoughtful note about ma and hillary clinton and how the dodgers would never make it to the baseball world series and all because of the treacherous passage of the first violin in the last sentence of beethoven 's fourth .
we were talking about music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying that nathaniel was interested in music .
i have to tell you that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with thorazine and thorazine and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and in this very same way , nathaniel was , when we first began our first lesson at walt disney hall , and he had this crazy flicker in his eyes and he seemed completely lost .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played the first set of beethoven 's piano sonata .
and while i was playing , i noticed that in my eyes a perfect change was in itself .
it was as if he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
a calm curiosity and grace .
and as through a miracle , he took his violin and began to play by ear a few clips of the violin and then asked me to play it over :
then we started talking about music , starting from bach on beethoven , brahms , bruckner , and all the other b 's , from radio to radio .
and i realized that he not only had a rudimentary knowledge of music , but also connected him to a close personal relationship .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding that i usually only know of my colleagues in the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music , from this paranoid , confused man who had just walked the streets of los angeles , became a lovable , well-educated , brilliant , accomplished musician in juilliard .
music changes us .
to nathaniel , music means spiritual health .
because music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity into something real .
and so he will escape his agonizing state .
i understood that this is the essence of art .
this is why we make music so that we can shape something inside of all of us , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches us all , and moves , inspires and unites us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the power of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who knew his talent , who respected him .
and i 'm going to play with nathaniel over and over again , whether it 's in walt disney hall or in skid row , because he reminds me why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
i want to play something i stole from the cellist .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
i 've known many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first one , it was more like a passionate affair .
it was a nice fish , a good consistency , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , it was bred in the food industry by the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty for over a few months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked me if i could read about the sustainability of the farm .
" of course , " i said .
here was a company that tried to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our cooks .
for the last 50 years , we have fished the seas as we have beaten forests bare .
it 's hard to overstate the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the one we love , the , the , the , the , the , the salmon , swordfish , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so , for better or worse ,
a lot of arguments against it , a lot of people are polluting the environment , most of them are , and they are inefficient , we use tuna , a big disadvantage .
he 's got a total of 15 to one .
that means it takes 15 pounds of it to get a pound of it .
not very sustainable .
it 's not very good .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support you .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you are famous for growing so far out in the sea that you do not pollute the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said . " we 're so far out , the waste is being distributed by our fish , not focused . "
and then he added , " we are basically a world of our own .
he said , " this 2.5 to 1 . "
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to one , great .
what do you feed ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was lying in bed thinking , " what the hell is a protein ? "
so the next day , just before the event , i called don .
i said , " don , what are sustainable protein ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with some people at the company , and no one could give me a straight answer until i finally got on the phone with the senior biologist .
let 's call him don , too .
" don , " i said , " what is sustainable protein ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some algae , and then he said ,
i said , " what ? "
he said , " yes , the feathers , the skin , the skin , the leftovers , dried and processed into food . "
i said , " what percentage of your favorite chicken is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what is sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting rid of this fish .
no , not because i 'm a goody-goody and self-righteous .
i am .
no , i actually ate from that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish is a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you , the better you get to know your fish , the more you love the fish .
i first ate it at a restaurant in north china .
a friendly journalist had talked about this fish for a long time .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , almost shimmering white paint .
the cook had cooked it .
hold it twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's cooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least in the way you and i understand .
he 's a biologist at veta la palma 's .
this is a street corner in the southwest corner of spain .
it is near the mouth of the river .
up until the 1980s , the farm was in the hands of a man called the .
they were like , " they were like , " you know , they were like , " they were like , " they were like , " you know , "
you did that by clearing the country .
they built this complicated series of canals and they pushed water out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make it work , not economic .
and it was an ecological disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this place .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally pulled the lever .
instead of the water , they used the canals to put the water back in .
they 're jamming the channels .
they created an 11,000 acres of sea bass , sea bass , shrimp , shrimp , eel , and miguel and his company have completely reversed the destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they stare out at the horizon that 's a million miles away , and all they can see are solid canals and this dense , dense march .
i was there not long ago with miguel .
he 's an incredible guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of a crocodile to kiss .
there we were , fighting our way through the front door , and i 'm sweating and sweating , and i 'm covered in mud to my knees , and miguel 's in peace .
this is where he brings out a rare form .
now he 's talking about the , uh ...
and here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the , uh , giraffe .
it turns out miguel spent most of his career in the african national park .
i asked him how he got to be such a big boy .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert in relationships . "
and then he goes and crashes into more talk of rare birds and algae and weird algae .
and don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the most sensitive community in the way .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head was getting weak over this delicious piece of cheese i had on the eve .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the algae , the algae , the relationship , it 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what 's the status ? "
well , he continues to tell me that it 's such an intricate system that the fish eat what they eat in the wild .
the plant biomass , the food supply , that 's what feeds the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely corroded .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a film director had demanded a film director .
and we turned the corner , and we were faced with the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , a literally pink carpet as far as the eye could see .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
feast ?
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and our fish and our fish .
well , last year there were 600,000 birds on this property , more than 250 different species .
it has become the largest and one of the most important private military companies in all of europe today .
and i said , " miguel , isn 't a good , clean , " the last thing you want to have on a family farm ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we 're gonna build a new set , not intense .
this is a wireless network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp will eat the fish .
so the pink stomach the better the system . "
okay , let 's think about it , a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your bandits .
it 's a big one , but it 's a big one .
oh , and besides , those flamingos shouldn 't even be there in the first place .
they breed in a city about 150 miles away , where the weather is better for the weather .
every morning they fly 240 kilometers to the farm .
and every night they fly back 240 kilometers .
you 're doing this because you can follow the white line of the country road .
seriously .
i was thinking of a sort of trip for the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 240 kilometers to the farm and then fly back 240 miles an evening ?
do you do this for the children ? "
he looked at me like i was just quoting a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you do it because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious , and i don 't like fish , and i don 't like fish .
it 's that , uh , fried flavor .
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried it in that restaurant in south london , it didn 't taste like anything .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it 's the last defense before something enters the body .
" it has evolved in the course of evolution to absorb energy . "
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its success in the success of its robbers .
and then i realized , when he said a farm that doesn 't have a farm , it was huge , because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river .
it 's a river that does all the things that rivers these days tend to carry , chemical pollutants , drain of carbon dioxide .
and if it 's fought through the system and this one leaves the water cleaner than how it got in .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
because when the water flows , it sinks in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'll take it , and you should , too , because this love story , however romantic , is also enlightening .
you could say she 's a recipe for the future good food , whether we speak of bass or sea bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , one that actually tastes good in food .
but it 's a little too radical for a lot of people .
we are not realists , we are lovers .
we like to eat organic food .
and when they say that these are the things that insure the future of good food someone gets up somewhere and says , " hey , guys , i love pink flamingos , but how are they gonna feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we already produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people are going hungry today .
a billion dollars that is more than ever because of the crass , in the distribution , not the most powerful .
well , i don 't like that question because it has determined the logic of our relationship over the last 50 years .
feeding grain to herbivores , feeding on animals , chemicals to the earth , chickens to fish , and all the time , the animals just asked , " if we feed more people cheaper , how terrible can it be ? "
that was the cause , it was the justification , it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call her what she is , a business in the making , a business that quickly consumes capital , which allows this production .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not farming .
today , we have a threat to our government , not due to excessive supply , but because of the resources involved ,
it 's not through the latest mountain ranges , it 's through fertile land , not by pumping , but by fresh water , not through chain saws , but through forests , not through fishing boats and nets , but by fish in the sea .
you want to feed the world ?
let 's start with the question , how will we feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that every community has to support itself ?
in order to do that , don 't look at the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
it 's got capital , chemistry and machinery , and it 's never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's look at the ecological model instead .
that 's what it takes to two billion years of experience .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
plants that are not worlds to themselves , plants that restore , instead of plants , plants that grow plants , instead of just intense , farmers who are not only creators but experts in relationships .
because they are the ones who are also experts in taste .
and if i 'm honest , you 're a better cook than i ever will be .
you know , that 's fine with me , because if this is the future of good food , it will be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're seeing here is a typical age of age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it 's called " brain freeze , " and what i can do with a brain freeze is that i can filter out a certain cause of death , say accidents .
and right away , i see another pattern coming up .
it 's because people are at the top of the world , and they 're over here at the bottom of the lake .
we can go one step further out and then rearrange the data and see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not everyone .
now , if we keep going and sorting through old age , say 40 years or younger we 'll see that even accidents are the main cause people should be worried about .
and those of you who can see , that is especially true of men .
so you can see that the view of information and data in this way is very much like swimming in a living space .
and if we can do this for content , why not for content ?
what we now have here are the top names of every single sports illustrated ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can test it after my lecture in your rooms .
you can dive into a decade with a set of rubber gloves .
you can dive into a certain year .
you can jump directly to a particular issue .
now , when i look here , i see the athletes that appear in this edition and the sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , which shows me all the expenses in which lance armstrong is mentioned .
now , if i just want to get a more comprehensive overview , i could think , " okay , what if i look at everything on the subject of riding a bike ? "
so i take one step back and widen the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you go through information like that , you 're gonna go through it , you 're gonna do it , you 're gonna do it , you 're gonna do it , you 're gonna do it , you 're gonna do it , you 're gonna do it ,
you do something a little different .
it 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i 'd like to take this idea a little further with something a little crazy .
what we 've done here is , we 've taken every single piece of paper and reduced it to a little summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just gonna show you the top 500 of the world 's top 500 .
but even in that narrow view , we can do a lot of things .
right now we 're getting an impression on the subjects closest to wikipedia .
i will now choose the matter of government .
well , after i choose " government , " i realize that the most powerful of the time supply is " people of the year . "
this is really important , because this is a realization that is not in a single reality .
it 's only visible when you take one step back and look at it .
then i can go into the topic of time magazine people of the year and see everyone together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government officials , some come from science , some , even less , come from the economy , here 's my boss , and one comes from the top .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted wheetly winner .
so now we can jump and take a look at all ted mosby 's winners .
you can see we 're surfing the net for the first time as if it 's really a web , not just side to side , but way more abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website .
i don 't want to call it a browser , it 's really not a browser , but you can look at websites with it , and we take these to every single website like this .
so i can go back one step and jump directly to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important , because you can only see through looking at web sites in that way , all the web sites in the same way .
so i can move into my course in a certain time frame .
here 's the state of the entire demonstration i 've held all the way here .
and i can , in a way , retrieve everything i 've seen so far .
and , if i take one step out and look at everything again , i may be able to rearrange my course for my favorite show .
and from here , i can go in the side and call you back .
it 's a metaphor that 's used over and over again , and each time , it makes the big picture bigger than the sum of the money .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the beast .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this data so far may be a new source of information .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge .
and if we know , we might even be able to shed some wisdom .
thank you .
i grew up with a substantial portion of science fiction .
when i was in high school , i used to take the bus to school one hour a day .
and my nose was always in a book , a book that took my thoughts to other worlds , and in a most unnatural way , satisfied my curiosity .
i was totally , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and pushing the limits of the possible .
and my love for science fiction seemed to be in my environment , because back in the late ' 60s , we flew to the moon , exploring the depths of the sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating shows that showed us animals and places and a world of wonders we could never have imagined .
i guess that was a pretty good match to that , uh ...
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there was no video games , and there was no video games , and there were no video cameras , and there were no video cameras , and there were no video cameras , and i had to create the images in my head .
when we read a book as children , we took the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads .
my reaction to it was drawing and painting of aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all that .
i was always caught in the school play by the teacher , hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to come out somehow .
and something very interesting happened , because what fascinated me about jacques cousteau 's shows was the thought of a world we never knew here on earth .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but there was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as anything i 'd ever imagined when i read those books .
so i decided when i was 15 to become a diver .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i drove my father off until he finally found a new buffalo , new york , right across the border where we lived .
i was doing my morning job at a pool at the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i only saw two years later when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent , like , three thousand hours underwater , 500 hours of it in a row .
and i have learned that the sea world , even in the primeval oceans , is as rich in life as we truly can 't imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no bounds , unlike our own sorry human imagination .
to this day , i am deeply in awe of what i see in my eyes .
and my love of the ocean continues with the same intensity as ever .
when i picked a job as an adult , it was making movies .
this seemed the best way to bring my inner urge to tell stories with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to bring pictures and stories together .
of course , the stories i chose were from the " terminator " , " " aliens " , " " aliens " , " and " robot " .
i was able to combine my fondness for the film industry and diving with making movies .
so my two passions sort of intertwined .
a very interesting thing happened at the cinema , to solve a problem in this film , and we had to create a kind of liquid , and we came back to it on contemporary animation .
what came out of it was the first time ever to see in a movie .
the film didn 't bring in money , in fact , he 'd just put on production costs , but i noticed something fascinating , the audience in the whole world was mesmerized by the magic that went out .
according to arthur clarke 's law , as you know , ancient technology and magic are no longer separate .
so you saw something magical .
and i found that very interesting .
and i thought , " wow , this has to be included in the art film . "
so we went to " terminator 2 , " my next movie , much more .
we created the guy from liquid metal .
once again , we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we made a little more money in the movie .
from these two experiences , a whole new world had been achieved , a whole new world of creativity for human beings .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who was , at the time , the best in the business , and was called " digital camera . "
the basic idea of this company was to skip the phase of a series of educational processes with optical , et cetera , and start with digital production .
we did , too , and then we put ourselves in a place like this for a while .
but in the mid ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 90s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , in the ' 70s , we had actually started the company too slow .
but the bar really pushed back , and the people at my company told me that for the time being , we haven 't been able to do that yet .
so i moved it and made this other movie about the big ship going down .
i sold this to the film studio as " romeo and juliet on a boat . "
but secretly , i wanted to go to the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know that .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 're going to the wreck .
we 'll show it in the film 's production .
it 's a good marketing slogan . "
and i convinced her to finance an expedition .
but that goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we actually created a reality six months later , in which i found myself in a russian space , four kilometers below the north atlantic surface , looking at the real titanic through a porthole .
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't hd , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how much these , uh ... these , uh ... these , uh ...
well , they were also , you know , more extensive planning .
you get into that capsule , then you float down into this dark , hostile environment where there 's no hope of saving if you can 't make it back .
and i thought , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a baby costume .
that 's really cool . "
i was obsessed with exploring the depths .
it was all , it was adventure , curiosity , imagination .
and it was an experience that hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i could imagine a being for which we could create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made an unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said to myself , " okay , i want to put my film director in hollywood on ice for a while . "
and then we started , we went to the " bismarck " , and we went to explore it with a special sauce .
we returned to the wreck of the titanic .
we took little robots that we had built , that we built , that we built , that we built , that we built , that we built , that we built .
our purpose was to look at the inside of the ship , which had never been done before .
no one had ever seen the inside of the wreckage , so we had no means of it , so we developed the technology we needed .
and here i am , on the deck of the titanic , in a marble deck , and i see planks that are quite similar to these boards and i know that the band used to play there .
and i 'm flying through the corridors of the ship with a little ...
i only serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present in the middle of the titanic .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made it clear to me that these scanned avatars are used and so their own consciousness can be transferred into the vehicle in this other form of existence .
it was really , really , really incredibly profound .
and maybe even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have to study something or do other things , in all sorts of ways that i can think of as a research project .
after these expeditions , we began to really appreciate what we had seen down there , for example , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
you live with the help of a friend of mine .
they don 't exist in a system based on sunlight like we do .
and that 's how you see animals that are right next to 500 degrees celsius that can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested in my childhood .
that was fascinating .
but at the end of the day , it was that i took a boat to sea with us .
we used to make documentaries , but we actually do science , more to the point of fact , a film .
this is how the circle between my existence as a child and the reality .
in the course of this discovery , i have learned a lot .
i 've learned a lot about science , but now i 'm sure a director has to be able to lead , to be a leader like a ship captain or something .
i didn 't know much about leadership until i started these expeditions .
because at some point i had to say to myself , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us money .
we 're playing production costs .
they all think i ran away from " titanic " and " avatar " and " carved my nails on the beach somewhere .
i made all these films , these documentaries for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all of this with only 10 to 12 people who have worked nonstop for years and sometimes we were at sea two to three months in a row .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other because you have done a task that you can 't explain to anyone else .
there 's a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next film " avatar , " i tried to use the same management style , that you respected your team and earned their respect in return .
it really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a small team in uncharted territory and we were shooting " avatar " with a new technique that wasn 't there before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said that we did a really good job of copying and transporting the planet pandora .
for me , it was more of an ethical way to do my job , the actual process that changed in the end .
so what can we infer from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think curiosity comes first .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than all the laurels in the world .
to me , young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do this . "
and i say , " don 't put yourself in there .
don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself .
nasa has such a " failure is not an alternative . "
but in art and research , failure must be an alternative , because it guarantees the benefit of the doubt .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been approached without risk .
you have to be willing to take those risks .
failure is an alternative , fear , but is not .
today i speak to you about energy and climate .
and that might surprise you , because my research at the foundation is primarily about vaccines and seeds , about the things that we have to invent and deliver to the poorest two billion in a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone else on the planet .
it will not grow for many years , it will rain too much or too little .
it causes anxiety , it causes anxiety .
now , climate change will be terrible for you .
besides , you have a very important business .
the fact is , if you could only reduce the price by one thing , energy by far would be the most effective .
well , the time has passed .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on the fact that it 's a ...
in the 20th century , even in the 20th century , there was a huge case in the refrigerator , air conditioning , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we are in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we lower the price , we cut the price in half , we hit a new barrier , and this barrier hangs with co2 .
co2 actually warms the planet and the equation for co2 is pretty clear .
well , the exact link between a conflict of interest and the resulting result and where their other consequences are , there are some concerns , but not very many .
and there must be some uncertainty about how bad these consequences will be , but they will be extremely bad !
i 've asked the " do we really have to get down to zero ? "
isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's not like saying we have a six-foot truck that needs to be under a bridge , and you can practically squeeze it under it .
this has to go all the way down to zero .
well , we do a lot of soul searching every year over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons each on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that will reduce it to zero .
it 's up so far .
only different economic changes have affected it at all , and we have to go from an exponential increase to a decrease to zero .
so let 's look at each factor one at a time and figure out how to get it to zero .
probably one of these numbers has to get very close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today , 6.8 billion people live ...
and it moves to nine billion .
if we are very successful with a new level of power , the rate of supply and fuel , we might be able to lower it by 10 % to 15 , but right now we 're looking at an elevation at 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
the food we eat , clothes , tv , heating .
these are very good things , and these are very good things , which means to make these services available to almost everyone on the planet .
it 's great that this number is up .
is there light at home so you can read your homework ?
and those kids don 't have it , so they go out and read their homework under the school board .
well , with efficiency , the e , the energy per service , there 's finally good news .
we have something that doesn 't rise .
due to various successes in the service industry , by different methods , by new methods , there are many services , whose individual services are reduced by 90 % .
in other services , like the manufacture of hydrogen bombs , 105 : 05 .
in total , if we 're optimistic , we might get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we have now gone from 26 billion to maybe even 13 billion tons , and that just isn 't enough !
so let 's take a look at the fourth factor , and this one will be a huge hit . that 's the amount of co2 that will be added to the amount of co2 that will be added to the daily rate .
the question is , can you get it to zero ?
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every energy source for electricity nowadays is co2 , except renewable energy and renewable energy .
so what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need some backup .
if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor are a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these wonders .
usually , there 's no deadline that takes a miracle to a certain date .
usually you just stand by and some come , others don 't .
in that case , we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really get this across ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that ignites the image of the people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and people kind of liked that .
the idea was really tangible to you , you know , there are people who live with mosquitoes .
for energy , i thought of this .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my most significant contribution to the environment here .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured that you won 't bite .
well , there are all sorts of places like this , but they all don 't do much .
we need solutions , either one or several who have an unimaginable capacity for accountability , and even though there are many ways people are looking for it , i really only see five who can make these great demands .
i 've left out the tide , the flow , the fusion , the flow .
let 's start with burning fossil fuels , burning coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that is literally billions of times bigger than any kind of garbage you can imagine of the things you can imagine ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next up , the next , the next .
what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though it 's not very big , there are a lot of concerns .
so three very difficult problems that may be solved , and which is why you should work .
the last three of the five .
it 's called renewable energy .
and they also have , although it 's great that they don 't need fuel , they have some drawbacks .
for one thing , the energy production that these technologies produce is dramatically less than the one from the other .
that 's a lot of square miles , a thousand times more land than a normal power plant .
besides , these sources are subject to interruptions :
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't seem every day , and neither does the wind .
that 's why , when you 're dependent on these sources , you have to have a way that energy can get at times when it 's not available .
if we say that the power source is out of the country , they don 't only need the technology .
and there 's the ...
so we 're gonna need a big break here , something that 's gonna be about a factor 100 better than the current situation .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring these super rich sources over say 20 % - 30 % of the total .
if you want to put 100 % on it , you 're gonna need an incredible amount of time .
well , where do we go , what 's the right approach ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it , hundreds .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
many people will say they 're crazy .
i think there are a lot of people here in the ted group who are already there .
bill gross has a number of companies , among other things , one by the name of a company that has great investment opportunities .
vinod c invests in dozens of companies who do great things and have interesting options and i 'm trying to support that .
nathan fillion and i are funding a company that , perhaps , surprisingly , follows the nuclear approach .
there 's some innovation in the financial industry :
development stopped in this industry a while ago , so it 's no big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
it means that instead of a part of the process , the one percent , the zero , we decided to burn the 99 % , the 1 % .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , that 's a lot better .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the waste of today 's reactors as a test .
instead of worrying about it , they just burn it .
the uranium will be used up a little like a candle .
you see , it 's a kind of column often referred to as " the shifting wave reactor . "
that really solves the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the garbage , the 99 % , you take out the part that 's being burned today , so it 's called the depleted uranium .
that 's what the u.s. wanted for hundreds of years .
and if you take a cheap and easy , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still many challenges , but it 's an example of many hundreds of concepts we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what would our report card look like ?
well , let 's get to the point where we need to reach and then we 'll talk about the time factor .
a lot of people talk about a 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be generated in poor countries and still a little farming , and hopefully the cement will be clean by then .
so , in order to achieve this 80 % , the united nations , including countries like china , will have to completely surround their production .
the other note says if we use the most advanced technology , if it 's used in all the developed countries and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
it 's gonna be a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
if we go back from there , how would the 2020 ' report card look ?
it should contain the two elements again .
the less we push , the less we push , the less we push , the less the temperature .
these breakthroughs have to be followed by full throttle , and we can measure that , in light of day and age .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book " we have a choice " and david bowie 's " energy without the hot air . "
you 're really going through it and you 're going to create a frame where this can be discussed wide , because we need support from all sides .
there are some things that need to get together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest effect .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures do i appeal for ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places like pools , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you should discuss these financial matters , and you would be shocked by the ridiculous amount of funds that are being spent on these innovative , corporate investments .
we need oil , co2 taxes , cap 'n crunch , trade something that can be done .
we need to spread the word .
we need to conduct dialogue , more rational and more , and the things that are done by the government .
it 's an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to be a little more understanding , can you give us an idea of the magnitude of this investment ?
the difficult step is building the first reactor , finding another billion , the energy source and the place that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one is finished , when he walks as promised , it 's all very clear , because the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
to get this straight , that means building deep into the ground almost like a pillar of vertical nuclear waste , that consumed , and then the process starts up and works further down ?
today , they always have to fill the reactor , so there are a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff it , or it 's not good .
but when you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it up for 60 years , think of a column that you bury without all the oil .
and it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a garbage can that can even solve the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can dump it , there 's a lot less garbage with that method , then they take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists , which is in these food supplies or food supplies at the reactors .
so what was a problem for these reactors is what we fill in ours , and with it is reduced dramatically during this process .
but while you were talking to different people in this world about these possibilities ,
where 's the biggest interest in actually doing this ?
you know , the french and the japanese did something like that .
this is a variant of a thing made .
it 's an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built it , so anyone who 's moved a fast reactor is a nuclear reactor for our first .
in your mind , time frame and chance to actually bring something like that into life ?
well , we need one of those , you know , things that are very convenient , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
that 's kind of the deadline that has given us the number of numbers we have to hold .
and , you know , if all goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could be easy .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , just like when their approaches work , the funding works for their pilots , can bid for it .
and it would be best if there were more , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the great possible breakthroughs , is this the biggest you know ?
one is the most important thing .
it would have been , even if it hadn 't been for the wedding , but it makes it so much more important .
there are other cutting-edge companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as they do , but there 's a more practical approach .
there 's a liquid nitrogen that seems a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if this doesn 't work , then what ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures to try to keep the containment fields stable ?
when you get into this situation , it 's like you 've eaten too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's an energy source that calls itself the energy source that deals with different techniques to delay the warming so that we could get 20 or 30 more years to keep us warm .
it 's just a routine .
they hope we don 't need it .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance because that might make you lazy so you keep eating because you know that heart surgery will save you .
do you have one or two sets for them to maybe convince them ?
unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying that there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds , that move things around ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is , this uncertainty should worry us .
well , the actual issues for research say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today .
there are other things that shouldn 't suffer .
you come to large sums of money , and here reasonable people can argue when you have something that isn 't economic , and you try to finance it , and for me , most of it is a waste .
i think we should try to do more things that have the potential to be more affordable .
if the swab you get is a very high sodium , then only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any of us here could spend five times that much on our energy without changing the lifestyle .
but it 's a disaster .
and even nymark thinks .
his new line is now , " why is research no longer discussed ? "
he 's still being associated with his former stories , with the company , but he 's understood that this is a very lonely group , and so he 's now bringing the home .
and that 's a train of thought i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little is supported .
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really hope that your wish will come true .
thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted 's , peter bernardone introduced a special agent named " the people of the world . "
the idea is quite simple , but you have to build the most durable structure with 20 spaghetti , about some compressed duct tape , about a frayed thread and a marshmallow .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it seems really easy , it 's actually really hard because people are pushing hard to work together very quickly .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a ...
it was a huge success .
most people usually start to take their own direction .
you talk about it , you think about what it 's gonna look like , you think about power ,
then you invest a little time in planning and organization , sketch and lay out spaghetti .
they spend a lot of their time in the growing structures
and finally , just before you 're out of time , someone takes the marshmallow and you gently put it on the top , step back and admire your work .
but then , almost always , what happened is that the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the marshmallows bend and collapse .
there are a number of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " ... than others , and among the worst , there are fresh ones .
you 're lying , you 're cheating , you 're confused , you 're making really poor things .
and of course , there are also teams that have a lot more " ta-da " and among the best are fresh graduates of the team .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the highest towers , but the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is , how come ?
and peter says , " none of the children will spend time being head of the spaghetti limited . "
they don 't spend time in infighting .
there is another reason .
and it 's the fact that they 've been trained to find the right plan .
and then realize it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top , you don 't have time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what they do is they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so that they have repeatedly the ability to repair prototype .
the designers see this kind of collaboration as the core of a more efficient process .
and with every attempt , the kids get instant feedback , which works and what doesn 't .
that 's how it is to work with prototypes , essential , but let 's see how different teams work .
the average for most people is , like , 5 ' 10 " , half of which , lawyers do a little bit more , but not much .
who 's the most successful ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
that 's what i saw .
because they understand triangles , and the geometric geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
ceos are above average , but it gets interesting here .
put an executive administrator on the team , they become significantly better .
you look around and you recognize this team will win .
you can predict that .
because you have special skills of the brain trust .
you run the trial , you understand .
and that team that handles and pays attention to work will significantly improve the team 's performance .
specialized skills and skill sets , and their combination leads to success .
if you have ten teams that are typical , you get about six that have stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we were going to bring the ...
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those ...
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built an intricate structure , he would have carried the price home .
isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now you 've understood the advantage of the " free " .
so became the same bad team of one of the best .
they produced the highest design in the amount of time .
there are more important lessons for us , about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , " why would anyone actually invest time in creating a fantasy world ? "
the reason is i help create digital tools and trials to help teams create cars , video games and " visual effects . "
and what the police department does is help you identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge provides a common experience , a common language , a common sense , the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who are interested can go to a visit .
it 's a blog where you see how to make the marshmallows .
there 's a power plant there .
they find crazy examples from all over the world , how people tweak and tweak the system .
there 's also a lot of people .
and the most important lesson , i think , is that the construction is actually a more practical sport .
it demands that we all set our senses to the task and that we use our thinking as best as our feelings and our actions in the challenge ahead .
and sometimes a small prototype of this experience is all it takes to get us from a " uh-oh " to a " ta-da . "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool , vibrating machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room has to go in .
and you can go to the past , you can go to the future ; you can 't stay in here and now ,
and i wonder what you would choose because i 've been asking my friends this question a lot lately , and they all wanted to go back in the past .
they wanted to go back to before there were cars or twitter or " america is looking for the superstar . "
i don 't know .
i am convinced that one is somehow drawn to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand .
i 'm not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back to the past , not because i 'm an adventurer .
it 's because opportunities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to go to that machine , and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time ever on this planet , no matter what scale you set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , opportunity .
there 's never been a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are the 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child who is born today in the world can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have rebuilt the earth in a way that no war has ever done .
they 're gone .
we beat them .
in the rich world , there are diseases that have threatened millions of us only one generation ago .
german measles , german measles ...
does anyone else know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are scientific methods .
and from my point of view , the scientific method of trying things is to see if it works , to change if it doesn 't , is one of the greatest achievements of mankind .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go hungry every day .
this number rises , and it rises very quickly , and it 's shameful .
and not only that , we have used our imagination to thoroughly ravage this world .
drinking water , land of water , rainforests , oil , gas - they 'll be gone soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , we 'll be gone too .
so the question is , can we do that ?
i think it 's clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the land they live on .
i think we can power this world , not destroy it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night one of the things that keeps me awake at night .
and we 've never been able to put him in the right place , as we can today .
people wrap themselves in their beliefs so tight , they can 't be freed .
not even the truth will set you free .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but you know what you have no right to ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about vaccinations for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was astonished to encounter resistance , to resistance to what , in the end , is the most effective treatment in human health care history .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and left .
and soon after , i wrote an article on genetically engineered food .
same thing , only bigger .
people went crazy .
so i also wrote an article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " a " , " why they believed that molecules in a particular instead of a random kind of a random kind of ...
but , you know , i do what i do , i wrote the article , i went on .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we enter , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but these articles worried me , and i couldn 't figure out why , and i finally found out .
and that 's because those fanatics that drove me crazy weren 't even fanatics .
they were educated people , decent people .
you were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's be honest .
we have reached a point where we do not have the same relationship with progress as before .
we 're talking about this .
we 're being ironic about it , with little quotes around it , " progress . "
okay , there are reasons , and i think we know what the reasons are .
we 've lost faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there 's no reason why it shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , the challenger , challenger , weapons of mass destruction ,
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right .
ask questions , ask for evidence , demand receipts .
take nothing but granted .
but here 's the thing : if you get proof , you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at that .
and i can say that for the reason that we are now living in an epidemic of fear , like i 've never seen before , and hopefully never will .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that linked the cholera epidemic to the measles , mumps , and german measles vaccine .
very scary .
a lot of studies were done to see if that was true .
a lot of studies should be done ; this is serious business .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection at all .
it makes no difference , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a guy who gives us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result of that was catastrophic ,
catastrophic because of the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the market for measles drops .
it 's scandalous , and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that ?
well , i get it .
does anyone have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
that 's a lot of deaths from measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around preaching messages of fear and illiteracy of platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and they can do that because they don 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
and this is something we need to learn very quickly .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst scourge of mankind .
no fear , no pain , polio , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle not so much .
his name is paul verrall .
he 's just developed a business plan with some other people .
he can save the lives of 5 ' 10 " , 500,000 children a year in the ' 50s .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except paul is walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are and people should just stop whining .
and he actually says so .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we now have measles in this country .
and that 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die again because that 's just a question of numbers .
and you won 't just die of measles .
what about polio ?
i got a text message from a couple of weeks ago and she says i 'm a little too shrill .
no one ever said that before .
she wouldn 't shoot her kid for polio .
fine .
because we don 't have polio .
we didn 't have polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now over ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those , uh ...
and he doesn 't know it 's infected with a paralyzing disease , and we don 't know it , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to lie and lie .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
it 's a little something to help you remember .
i know you did this because half the americans do it every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative remedies , and it makes no difference how often we find out they 're useless .
the data is consistent .
you black out your urine .
that 's okay , you want to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark urine .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate the pharmaceutical industry .
we have no faith in the system .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely freezing cold , and it 's coming to us who can afford it .
so we run away from it , and where are we going ?
we 're walking into the arms of the town .
that 's great .
but , you know , this is a serious business , because this stuff is crap , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
i don 't even know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
when i say that , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
it makes you feel good . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the minister of health who says , " hmm , i won 't take the receipts from my experts on credit , " or any of those who want to treat his patients with a prescription .
if you go this way where faith and magic replace evidence and science , you get to a place where you don 't want to be .
they can get to south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that the beets , the garlic , and the garlic , are far more effective than prescription drugs that we know can stop the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of thousands of deaths in a country worse than any other being afflicted by this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
you always do .
well , the most devastating epidemic in which we are now , is this absurd struggle between the most genetically engineered food and the food supply .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain of rice , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts , has been changed by people .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there was no such thing .
there were no christmas trees .
we 've done it over the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and , of course , there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people extend their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we reject genetically engineered food .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i hear all the time is too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , and we don 't want huge fields with one thing .
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge science problem , but it 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know that science is not a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't work , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we 're afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people alive .
you know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we do right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this , and we don 't give it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat that rotten stuff , like , uh ... like , uh ...
i don 't know .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building all that in it right now .
and then people could eat it and they wouldn 't go blind .
you wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
that would be nice , it wouldn 't be " chez " but it would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want gene krupa ?
it 's not about gene splicing .
it 's not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on larger food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice krispies , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's about time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we don 't do this , if we keep doing what we 've been doing , we 're gonna be guilty of something we don 't , i don 't think , want to be guilty , high-tech ,
there 's no other description of what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really have to stop it .
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go to that ridiculous time machine and go to the future ? "
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can set this time machine on anything we want .
we can put them where we want them , and we will move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we get into the time machine and go to the future , we 'll be glad we did .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs right now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes real because someone sees it that way .
so that we understand each other , let me show you a basic , simple magic trick .
and i 'm gonna show you how it works , which is a trick that has at least been in every spell book for children ever since .
i , myself , learned it from cub scout magic the boy scout in the cub scouts .
i 'll take him out for you and explain him .
and then i 'll explain why i 'm explaining it .
see what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'll just keep the knife in my fist .
i 'll slide my sleeve back .
and to make sure nothing disappears up my sleeve or comes out of it , i 'll just put my wrist right here .
that way , you can see that nothing moves at any time , as long as i 'm here , nothing can go up my sleeve or come out .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my bare physical magnetism .
it 's actually so stuck in its place that i can shake it without the knife falling .
nothing goes up my sleeve , or comes out , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , it 's a trick that i often teach little children who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
i suppose many of you know this trick in the hall .
here 's how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say i bend my wrist to make sure nothing goes or goes up my sleeve , and that 's a lie .
the reason i hold my wrist is because it contains the real secret of the illusion .
the moment i put my hand on you to see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , from where it was , is in a position where it is so stretched .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
right .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .
but that 's not really what this is about , and then i open my hand .
of course , it 's being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index finger there now .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i turn my back , is hidden by this movement that the finger comes back .
i take this hand away , and here 's the knife .
you can do that trick for your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
a year or so ago , i read a study that really knocked me out .
i 'm not a doctor or an explorer , and that 's why it was an amazing thing to me .
it turns out , if you 're offering a placebo in the shape of a white pill , in the shape of a cow disease , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain , uh , natural effect .
but if you change the shape in which you administer the placebo , for example , in a smaller pill , and color this blue and shape a letter on it , it 's actually more effective .
and that , although none of them are just pharmaceutical grade .
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
turns out that 's not all .
if you take capsules , it 's more effective than pills of any form .
a black capsule that is yellow and red at one end is better than a white capsule .
even the dosage matters .
i 'm sorry .
the bottom line is ...
... that the dosages also play a part .
and the shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate , you have to reach for the needle .
a syringe with a hypodermic needle - a few cc 's of a psychotropic substance injected into a patient .
it creates a very strong image in the head .
this chart is really ... i 'll show it to you another time when we have a projector .
the fact is , the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't look as good as the needle .
and none of it has any really pharmaceutical quality , it 's just our belief in it that makes us stronger .
i was wondering if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i 'll take something that 's obviously a fake and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to reach for the needle if it 's to get to the point .
this is a 6-inch hatpin , very , very sharp , and i 'm going to sterilize them a little .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin .
i will now insert this needle into my skin and drive through it until it exits on the other side .
if you get sick , if you faint , i was showing it to some friends in the hotel room last night and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest that if you get sick fast , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
well , it goes like this , right here where my meat starts , at the bottom of my arm , i 'll just make a little puncture .
i 'm really sorry .
now just a little bit through my skin and out the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation that we had at the time of the accident .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
this is one , two , three , four , five .
well ,
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " okay , i don 't think he 's stupid enough to skin himself just to entertain us for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
what does this look like ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay , i didn 't really see that . "
people are coming in to the emergency room .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my meat , and i can turn it around .
if you get sick , look away .
okay , let me squeeze some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally i would remove the needle now .
i would clean my arm and show them there are no wounds .
but i think , in this frame here and with the intention of doing something real , i 'm just gonna leave the needle in there and get off the stage .
we will meet again in the next few days .
thank you .
everyone talks about happiness these days .
i let some people count the number of books that have been published in the title of " happiness " in the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there was a lot more .
there 's a tremendous wave of the interest of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of family stuff .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of all this flooding of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly about happiness .
and my lecture today will mainly be about these cognitive traps .
that goes for the layman thinking about their own happiness , and it goes for scientists who think about happiness because it turns out we 're just as confused as everyone else .
the first of these traps is an reluctance to admit complexity .
it turns out the word luck is just not a useful word anymore because we use it on too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning that we could limit , but in the big picture , that 's something that we 're gonna have to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view on what 's comfortable .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , in fact , between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they are both highly educated in the idea of happiness .
and the third is the primary , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really emotional , it ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what ruined it was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had beautiful music for 20 minutes .
they didn 't count because he left with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep .
what this really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a self that lives in the present , who knows the present , is capable of reliving the past , but basically only the present .
it 's the miracle that the doctor himself knows when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch her here ? "
or , " how was your trip to albania ? " or something like that .
these are two very different units , the most unique themselves and the most unique , and the two are part of the chaos of happiness .
well , the primal self is a storyteller .
and this really starts with a basic reaction to our memories . it starts immediately .
we don 't just tell stories when we make up stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we can keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients undergoing a painful procedure .
she 's no longer painful these days , but she was painful when this study was done in the blood tests .
you were asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and you are asked , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain patient a had patient b , and more .
but now there 's another question : " how did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient " a " had a much worse time on the colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the pop music were different , and because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends .
and none of these stories are very edifying or great , but one of them is this clearly ...
but one of them is far worse than the other .
and the one worse was the one where the pain was at the end of its peak .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was a lot worse for " a " than " b " in " b " .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the time factor itself and the time factor itself .
from the point of view , b clearly had a worse time .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but just a little and a lot less than before .
what 's a story ?
and that goes for the stories that memory gives us and the stories we make up .
thus , a story is a tale of great moments and endings .
endings are very , very important , and in this case , the end dominated .
well , the life of a man is constantly living his life .
it has moments of the day , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to those moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them are completely ignored by their own people .
and yet , somehow , you get the impression that you should count that what happened during those moments of death is our life .
it 's the limited resource we use up while we 're in this world .
and how we use it up would seem important , but that 's not the story that keeps the universe itself to us .
so we 've got the original self and the original self , and they 're really quite different .
the biggest difference between you is dealing with time .
from the point of view , even if you have a vacation and the second week is as good as the first , then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the two-week vacation .
that 's not how it works at all for the sake system itself .
for the sake of the child 's life , a vacation is hardly better than a two-week vacation because no new memories are added .
you haven 't changed the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable that separates a single person from a single person .
well , the feeling of self makes more than remembering and telling stories .
there is no voice in this choice .
actually , we don 't choose between experiences .
and even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as memories of the past .
and basically , you can see that , you know , as a tyranny of self , and you can think of it yourself as one , which , in a way , carries with it , through experiences that doesn 't need to be .
i have the impression that if we take a vacation , it 's very often the case , which means we 're going on vacation in the service of our own .
and that 's a little hard to explain , i think .
i mean , how much do we feed on our memories ?
that 's one of the explanations given for the dominance of the vigilante himself .
and i probably have some of my memories of this trip , i 'd say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation all your paintings will be destroyed , and you 'll get a prescription drug so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the vacations we choose is a problem that stands between the two types of ourselves .
well , the two kinds of things , they make two words of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness we can use , one per .
so , you can ask , how happy is the little girl ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the beast itself ?
and they 're all happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea of the happiness of the average person over time .
if you ask for the happiness of the man himself , it 's a very different matter .
it 's not about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how happy or pleasing the person is when that person thinks about their lives .
very different term .
anyone who doesn 't separate those terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i am a lot of scientists of well-being that has long screwed up the exploration of happiness in this very way .
the distinction between the happiness of the human being itself and the satisfaction of the human being has been recognized in the last few years , and now you try to measure the two separately .
the gallup poll has a worldwide poll where more than half a million people have been asked questions about what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there have been other efforts in that direction .
so over the past few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two kinds of ourselves .
and the main lesson i think we 've learned is that they 're really different .
you can know how happy someone is with his life , and that really doesn 't teach you much about how happy he lives and how happy he lives .
just to give you an impression of the correlation , the correlation is about to expire .
what that means is that if you met someone , and they told you , oh , his father is a boy , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you 'd know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone has classified their lives as eight on a scale of ten , you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy they are with their own .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what determines the satisfaction of the master .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness is mostly to be content with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but it 's dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two species of themselves in the end you will do very different things .
the conclusion from what i said here is that we really shouldn 't imagine happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , briefly , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy are people in california you won 't get the correct answer .
when you ask that question , you think people in california must be happier when they , say , live in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference , let 's say , in the climate .
well , it turns out that climate isn 't very important to the climate itself , and it 's not even very important to the climate itself that decides how happy people are .
well , now , because the cable network itself is responsible , in the end , some people could end up moving to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california in the hopes of becoming happier .
well , your self won 't get any happier .
we know that .
but one thing will happen , you 'll think you 're happier , because when you think about it , you 'll be reminded of how terrible the weather was in ohio , and you 'll feel you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i 've given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a rather interesting result coming from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the gallup poll is a number we had absolutely not expected to find .
we found this in regard to the happiness of the man himself .
if we vary , like feelings with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that is a very large number of americans , about 600,000 , but it is a large $ 600,000 raise under a year 's salary of $ 600,000 a year .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year people are unhappy , and they become more unhappy the poorer they become .
we 'll get a very flat line .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such flat lines .
what 's happening is obviously that money doesn 't provide you with an income , but that lack of money will surely cause you misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in each other 's mind , the other 's self , you get another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that doesn 't apply to emotion .
but , danny , all american ambition is life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people were to take this report seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything that we believe , for example , in terms of , uh ...
is there any chance that politicians that the country would generally take a report like this seriously based on politics ?
you know , i think there 's some recognition for the role of the political movement .
the recognition will be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it 's happening right now and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it 's gonna be a while , and people are gonna be discussing whether or not they want to explore space technology , so we 're gonna have this discussion pretty soon .
how you can increase happiness is very different depending on how you think , and whether you think of it yourself or whether you think of it .
it will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , people are trying to measure the value of the population .
that 'll be part of the national statistics for a decade or two .
well , it seems to me this subject is , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you so much for the invention of the dragon .
thanks , danny boy .
i design computer games .
i 've been developing a new set for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save in a world as it is to save it in a world .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and more games .
right now , we 're spending three billion hours a week with a company .
some of you may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
in fact , according to my research at the institute of the future , the exact opposite is accurate .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the world 's most pressing problems .
in fact , i am convinced that if we are to survive the next century on this planet , we must increase this time drastically .
i 've calculated the time required is 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
this picture is pretty accurate why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of the photographer , phil bushey .
he wanted to capture the emotions playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions of playing .
if you 're not a player , maybe you 're missing some of the nuances in that picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but also extreme concentration , very absorbed in solving a really difficult problem .
when you also play , you see a few nuances here , eyes raised and mouth are a sign of optimism , eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player on the verge of a so-called epic victory .
okay , great , so we have some players here .
a winning victory is a result so very positive that you didn 't even know it was possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you do , you are shocked that you are capable of such a thing .
this player is about to win epic .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces from all over the world , when we attack the obstacles of the next century , the face of those who , against all odds , stand on the brink of epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it the " i 'm bad in life , " and it 's actually my face , see ?
that 's me doing the " i 'm bad " thing in life .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation why we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem many players have .
we think in reality we 're not as good as in games .
and i don 't just mean less successful , even though that 's part of it .
i mean , with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have those feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist in games .
and this is what i wanted to do as a research assistant .
why is it impossible in games to think you can 't achieve everything ?
how can we transmit these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i looked at games like world of warcraft that provides the ideal environment for the world of communal living .
and i have determined some things that make epic victories in the world so possible .
so , first of all , when you get into one of these , especially at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters who are willing to give you a mission that you need right now .
but not just some mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level in the game , right ?
so you can do it .
you never get a job you can 't solve .
but there 's no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there 's always something important to do .
and there are plenty of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
it 's not so easy in real life , this feeling that a lot of employees are ready for a job .
besides , there 's this epic story , this inspiring story of why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard from " level up " and " + 1 strength " or " + 1 intelligence . "
this constant feedback doesn 't exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't have a voice and a crazy idea , plus 20 crazy ideas .
i can 't get this feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of warcraft is that it 's so satisfying to be on the verge of an epic victory at any time , that we 'd rather spend our entire time in these shitty cities .
they 're just better than reality .
to this day , all the world of cinema together have spent billions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of reality .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to put it in context , back in the old days , the first time we started to walk , we started to walk .
first stand-up primate , then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we 're spending right now with games , it only makes sense when you look at the size of human development , which is extraordinary .
but also appropriate , because it turns out , using this whole time , we actually change what we are capable of as people .
we develop into communal , thinking , happy beings .
that 's the truth .
look at this interesting statistic , published recently by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average young man of today spends 10,000 hours in a country with a high degree of computer science , at 21 .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for children in the united states , the exact dates they spend in school are from fifth grade to the end of high school if you never miss .
so here we have a complete learning experience where young people also learn what it means to be a good player like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of them read malcolm gladwell 's new hit book .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of the 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of the people 's minds that if we spend 10,000 hours with the tedious study of any subject until the age of 21 , we will be able to master it .
we become as good at doing whatever the world 's greatest people do .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are the most qualified .
so the big question is , " what exactly are players good at ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd basically never have human potential before .
that 's how many people we have in the world right now that we spend at least an hour a day at a time in the world .
these are our special forces , 500 million people who are extraordinarily good at something .
and over the next decade , we have another billion players who are extraordinarily good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the power of consoles is designed to conserve energy and work on a computer system instead of the computer system so players can play online , especially in india , china , brazil .
you expect an additional billion players in the next decade .
that gives us 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is that makes us master these games .
here are the four things i found .
all right , think of this as extreme trauma .
the desire to do something right now , to overcome an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that winning is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
gamblers are masters of spiders , poets of social nets .
there are a lot of interesting investigations that show that we like people more after we play with them even if they beat us badly .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we have the same goal , and we will stay with it until the game .
so playing together allows the growing of bonds , trust , and to each other .
as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason why the average of $ 22 hours a week is playing as a part-time job .
the reason is , when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that as a human being , we work at the best when we do hard , important work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become a part of the awe of the mission of countless numbers .
you must know all the wikipedia , the world 's greatest .
the second largest volume of the world with almost 80,000 entries is the world of warcraft account .
five million people use it every month .
they 've been gathering more information on world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in any other world history .
you 're making an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so that 's four super powers that lead to a single result .
they 're people who think they can change the world as individuals .
and the only problem is you think you can change virtual worlds , but not the real one .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward mordrake is a traitor .
his work is brilliant , and he 's studying why people spend so much time , energy , and money in government buildings .
and he says , " we will be witnesses of nothing less than a mass murder in virtual worlds and reality . "
and it 's from an economist , so it 's logical .
and he says ...
not like me ... i 'm developing games , i 'm a little overwhelming .
well , he says it actually makes sense , because players can do more than in real life .
you can bond with a greater social bond in games than in real life .
so , he says it 's perfectly logical right now that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a dating site .
we have to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event 2,500 years ago .
you know , there are these ancient cubes made of plastic .
in front of those fantastic , fantastic , there were these ...
and these were , in a way , the first of human beings to have evolved .
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek dwarf , you may know this story , the story of how and why games were invented .
according to the articles of war , games , in particular , were invented in the kingdom of samarza .
supposedly , there was such a great famine that the king of gondoland chose a crazy idea .
people suffered .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented , according to the rules of the game , the dice , and they agreed on a national strategy , and one day you would eat , and the next day you would play .
and they would be so absorbed in the crap game , games are so fascinating , and surround us with satisfying , satisfying productivity that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day you 'd play , and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to the records , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 're gonna play tonight .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we use games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the exciting part .
after 18 years of famine , the king decided to throw a final dice .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a dice game and the victors were allowed to go on an epic adventure .
they left the country , and they went to look for a new home , leaving just as many people behind as there were food to survive , looking for a place to thrive .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but recent dna evidence shows that the dna patterns , which later formed the roman empire , will have the same dna as the old ones .
so recently , scientists have come to the conclusion that the crazy story is true .
and geologists found evidence of global cooling , which lasted almost 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games for 18 years , and then you had this idea , and you learned so much about each other , you saved the entire civilization .
so can we .
we 've been playing " warcraft " since 1994 .
this was the first time in real time in real time in the world of war .
they 've been playing " warcraft " for 18 years , we 've been playing " warcraft " for 16 years .
i say we 're ready for our own epic game .
so , they sent half of their civilization looking for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world .
i know you will ask , " how do we solve the problems of the real world ? " and this is exactly what i have dedicated my work to the institute for the future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , it expresses how we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future first .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome , and then we encourage people to put that idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'm going to show you three games that i designed to try to make people into epic victories in their own future .
this is world without oil .
the game is 2007 .
it 's a process of elimination , where you have to overcome a chain of command .
we tested this game with 1700 players in 2007 , and we 've been with them for the past three years .
and i can tell you , it was an out-of-body experience .
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but if you 're on an epic adventure and you 're told , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure to go on .
find out how they would survive .
so , for the next game , we set ourselves a bigger , higher goal than just a little game .
we have developed the game of " the institute of the future . "
the point of origin is to calculate that people only have 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called " global positioning systems " , of course .
the call to the players to sign in , we 've almost shaped like a , uh , a , uh , " a , uh , "
you know jerry springer , where there 's the " space program . " you have the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-con , and only together you can save the world .
eight thousand players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions that you can look up when you google " consulting . "
and the last game we bring out on march 3rd , it 's a game in collaboration with the world bank .
when you complete the game , from the world bank , you will receive the award of social networking , end of 2010 .
we work with universities all over the world and invite them to study social remodel .
we have a comic book , we have " level high " for " understanding " , sustainability , vision , and ingenuity .
i would like to invite all of you to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in matters that benefit from sharing your own social enterprises to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games to show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life and that games have a great meaning for change .
we have all of these super powers , our productivity , our ability to make close social nets , our ability to feel the need for more meaningful .
i really hope that we will play great games together to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
when i go back to the next decade , i 'm sure of two things , that we can create any future imaginable , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago when i was writing an article for italian opera .
i always have my text ready when i 'm writing , but i was already done working on the text , and i realized i 've never looked up in my life what the word " retarded " really means .
i 'll read you the entry .
" healthy , strong , efficient . "
of course , it was an old , old newspaper , and i just thought the issue must be pretty old .
but , in fact , it was an early ' 80s when i was just starting elementary school and starting to build my self-image outside my family 's home and form , including other children and the world around me .
and , thank god i didn 't use any of that back then .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life could not be in any way positive , but today i am celebrating the odds and adventures i have had .
so i immediately called up the 2009 sports page , and i expected to find a more effective piece here .
here 's the updated version of this video .
unfortunately , it 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words in " near " are " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values in those words and how we construct these values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , really believed that the language of a curse has a great power because what you say out loud can manifest itself .
so what are we trying to manifest - - a disabled person or a powerful person ?
even calling a man careless as a child could be enough to limit them and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be nicer to open doors for them ?
a person who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont dupont institute in wilmington , delaware .
his name is dr. zemph , a man whose name , as you can imagine , most americans were unable to pronounce correctly , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. was always wearing very colorful flies , and he was perfect for working with children .
i just loved the time i spent in this hospital , except my physical therapy .
and imagine , i 've even tried to negotiate with dr. p. since i was a child , and i tried to stop these exercises .
and if you do , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i wonder today , how his vision of me , as a strong and vibrant young girl , formed my self-image , and i could imagine myself as one of nature 's strong , powerful , powerful , and forgiving people .
it 's just an example of a lot of adults who can inspire the imagination of a child in children .
but , as the already examples of the ancient times prove , our language leaves no room for us to imagine what we would all wish , to allow each and every one to see themselves as powerful people .
our language is behind the social changes in many cases caused by a technological change .
so perhaps this technological change has made it more clear than ever that there has always been a different truth , that every human being in society can give something very profound and very profound and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest plus .
but the truth is that we change , of course , we are defined by the challenge , whether it is physically , emotionally or both .
and i say that 's good .
there are no obstacles that we must overcome to better deal with our lives .
adversity is just part of our lives .
and i tend to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
and i don 't want to minimize the impact or the struggle of a human being .
there are opportunities and challenges in life , and they are only real , and each person is different , but the question is not whether we deal with adversity or not , but how we deal with it .
so , not only are we responsible to keep the people we love from falling apart , but to prepare them to get along well .
and we 're not doing our children any favors by making them feel they can 't adapt .
you have to separate two things clearly , one the medical fact of being amputated and the other the social opinion of whether i 'm disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and lasting disability i 've had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks it can describe me with these definitions .
maybe the current concept that only pays attention to what 's broken in one , and how to fix it , for each and every one , a greater handicap than pathology itself .
if we don 't treat a human being as a human being , and we don 't recognize and recognize all of its powers and capabilities , in addition to the natural struggle they may have to fight , another disease .
we have a man who has value for our society .
so we have to look beyond the surface and focus on all areas of human possibilities .
the most important thing is that there is a connection between the perception of our inadequacies and our great leader .
we should not denigrate or deny these times , we should not try to avoid them , nor should we sweep them under the rug , but to see the odds .
it may be more to me to make it clear that we do not have to overcome adversity , but that we are open to embrace it , to grab it by the neck , and to use a dance with it .
and maybe we can see adversity as something natural , more natural , more useful and less burdened with their presence .
this year , we celebrate the 200 , charles darwin 's birthday , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed out something very human .
i would put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survive , nor the most intelligent of his kind , but the one who can best adapt to change .
conflict comes from creativity .
not only from darwin 's work we know that the human 's ability to survive and survive is determined by the struggle of the human mind to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adaptation are man 's greatest skill .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're really tested .
perhaps that is the point of adversity , a sense of self , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like that .
we can give adversity a new meaning beyond difficult times .
maybe we can see adversity as change .
odds are against a change we have yet to adapt to .
i think the most damage we 've done to ourselves is to think that we should be normal .
who 's normal ?
there is no normal .
there 's the usual , the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor , gray person if you really existed ?
i don 't think so .
we have discovered that we have always asked the members of our society to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , had carried with him and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened because the life experience in the struggle of these people was valuable to society .
you didn 't consider these people broken and useless ; you were treated as something special and precious .
a few years ago , i was in the city where i grew up , in a small town in the red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was there a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me say , " well , if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man .
and i said , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you can hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her from her mother 's belly . "
oh , him .
and of course , it just clicked .
that was dr. keen , a man i knew only from my mother 's tales about this day , because , of course , on my birthday , two weeks late .
my mother 's doctor was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who gave birth to me .
and because i was born with my feet turned to you , and i only had a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger , this stranger had to deliver the bad news .
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial that factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , dr. keen has changed his mind .
he understood that the medical diagnosis and how someone handled it were two different things .
and i , too , changed my mind over the course of time , if you 'd asked me at the age of 15 if i 'd swapped my limbs for legs for flesh and bone , i wouldn 't have hesitated a second .
i wanted to seem normal at the time .
if you ask me that today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's what happened because i experienced something with my legs , not with those experiences .
and maybe that change could happen , because i 've met so many people who opened doors to me instead of meeting people who narrow me down or wanted to give me an idea .
you see , it really only takes one person to demonstrate how you can manifest your powers , and you 're done .
if you allow someone to activate their own inner powers , the human mind is so ... if you can do that and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , then you are a very good teacher to these people .
they teach them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the word " the word " is " the word " the word " .
it means to bring out something that is in you that is the potential .
again , what potential do we want to access ?
back in the ' 60s , in britain , a case study was conducted in the uk , and at that time ,
they call it " tracking device " in the united states .
the students are divided by grades .
and the " a " students are severely tested , the better teachers , etc .
and then , over a period of time , they gave students with a " sufficient " grade " very good . " they were told they were aces , that they were very smart , and after those three months , they actually wrote " a . "
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around was told that they were only sufficient .
and so it was after three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who quit school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't in on it .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the students and that the students with the grade are sufficient , and that 's how they taught them something and treated them .
the only real handicap is a broken mind , a broken mind , a broken mind , with no hope , nothing more , nothing more .
but if we can , however , support the human mind , continue to hope , to find ourselves and other people around , to be curious and imaginative , then we really use our powers in a positive way .
when a spirit has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
suppose i said that with a few changes in your genes , a better memory could be more precise , more precise and faster .
or do you want to be better , stronger , more powerful .
do you want to be more attractive and more confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you 're one of those who 's always wanted more creativity .
which one would you like most ?
which would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one , it would be a whole other world .
is this all in your head ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a constant theme here on the history channel , but today i would like to give you the opinion of a doctor on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , the renowned geneticist , who was also a member of the russian orthodox church , once wrote an essay called " nothing in biology makes no sense except in the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , remember , is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for others or is it for us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of this , far at the end , of course , is what we are most interested in .
we branch from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in that time period , there may have been 20 or 25 different forms of communication .
some have come and gone .
we 've been here for about 130,000 years .
it seems we 're pretty remote from the other parts of life , but mostly , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
do you realize we can use it to commandeer the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human genome used to treat diabetics ?
this is not the same protein that is chemically filtered from what comes from the pancreas .
and while we 're talking about bacteria , do you realize that each of us in our bowels has more bacteria than it does cells in the rest of our body ?
maybe 10 times that .
i mean , do you think when antonio banderas asks for her self-image , you think about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a wonderfully nutritious environment for these bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will give them all the nutrients they could only wish for , without making any effort .
it 's really an easy way for bacteria , with the occasional disruption of the space-time continuum , involuntary push to the exit .
but otherwise , you are a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as you are important to your life .
they help with the digestion of nutrients and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of spatial equilibrium in the form of a quantum matrix ?
or are we destined to become something else - something that might even be better adapted to the environment ?
in this vast unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single beat , and of human life , a small matter of time .
we were .
this also represents the chief of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first college education .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i realized something very basic ... that most of life is in the form of living organisms , each cell , and all the genetic information from the cell is kept in both cell .
but by the time the organisms appeared , things started to change .
sexual reproduction .
with the introduction of sexual reproduction passing the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , you could say that the death of our body in the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i 've come to understand the feelings of george burns , who , in las vegas , put on his show in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him is a beautiful , sparsely showgirl .
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here for business . "
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the realization as a doctor that i had a goal that was different from the goal of evolution , not necessarily contradictory , only different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the passing of the human body to the next generation , adapt and survive generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i , like booster rockets , are designed to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit and then drop into the sea .
i think we 'd all understand the mood woody allen expressed when he said , " i don 't want to achieve immortality by my work .
i want to achieve it by not dying . "
evolution does not necessarily mean favor the longest life .
not necessarily the greatest , the strongest , or the fastest , and not even the brightest .
evolution , the creatures that are best adapted to their environment .
it 's the only test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria , which are the source of the water , and thereby surviving the hot steam , otherwise , if fish were there , it would result in a vacuum of boiled fish , but they managed to make a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some sort of balance .
and the reason that , in the first place , through medicine , we were able to obtain a lot of genes that would otherwise have been fed and removed from the population .
and second of all , as an environmental group , we 've configured our environment so that we 've managed to adapt to ourselves and adapt to them .
and by the way , we 're hiking and circulating and mixing so much that you can no longer tell that isolation is necessary for evolution to evolve .
a second option is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , by the forces of nature .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly grinding but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation can go , if we , as a species , colonize distant planets , there will be insulation and change the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third possibility , a tempting , fascinating and terrifying possibility ?
i call it the ... the new development that isn 't just natural , but guided and decided by us as a leader in the choices we make .
well , how did that happen ?
how could we do this ?
let us first look at the reality that people today , in some cultures , make decisions about their offspring .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not very good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so think , if it wasn 't only possible to choose the sex of your child but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would cure and prevent disease .
what if they could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or eliminate the decrease of the stroke ?
wouldn 't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
if we go back , that kind of change will always be possible .
the human genome project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost $ 2.7 billion .
the next year , when it was finished in 2004 , you could do the same for $ 20 million in the amount of four months .
today , you can complete a sequence of the three billion times the human genome project at a price of about $ 20,000 and the space of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality will be that there will be the $ 1,000 human debt , and it will be available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin can produce in bacteria can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but also provide immunity against other viruses .
believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in motion with a vaccine that was planted in the cells of an influenza virus .
can you think of anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future much more will be possible .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and eggs or the freshly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance for a more humane life - the removal of diabetes , remove the pituitary gland , reduce the risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the most powerful technology , the same engine of science that can make changes in order to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt , to adopt .
why don 't you have the wit of a ken jennings character , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of world domination ?
why not have the fast ones that will allow them to run faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and when we are in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we will be transformed from the evolutionary evolution to the basic .
we 'll have a trial that usually takes 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years , and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are decisions that your grandchildren or their grandchildren will have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that is better , more successful , more friendly ?
or are we going to choose different attributes that we want for some of us and not others ?
are we going to form a society that is more powerful or more powerful and more versatile ?
these are the kinds of questions we will have to face .
and most of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom and master the wisdom we will need to make these decisions wisely ?
for better or for worse , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be up to us .
thank you .
i want you to imagine now , a portable robot , who gives you superhuman abilities , or someone else who helps you get up and go .
we at berkeley university , we call these robots " the robot "
they 're nothing but something they put on in the morning that gives them extra strength and that will increase their speed and that will help them , for example , maintain their balance .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not just the merging with it , and they connect with the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we 'll start by talking about the american soldier , who wears about a hundred pounds on his back , and there 's a request that you carry more equipment .
of course , this will lead to some significant complications , which will result in 30 % of which is a chronic anxiety .
so we thought that we would accept this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
so now , let me introduce you to the chief of staff or the human universal benevolent carrier .
with this , i can carry 200 pounds over terrain , for many hours .
his most sophisticated design allows it to sit deep , crawl , and carry out most irregular movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to present this device with our satellite image , this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now , let 's take a look at the guy in the wheelchair , something i 'm particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people in a wheelchair estimated worldwide .
that 's about one percent of the total .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people in the height of their lives ... who were hit by fate in the height of their lives ... in the ' 20s , ' 30s , ' 40s ... and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it also concerns the aging population , whose numbers are multiplied .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a stroke is the wheelchair .
and so it has been for 500 years , since his , as i must say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start by writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me now introduce to you the one that was worn by amanda sazs , who , 19 years ago , suffered a brain injury to the result that she couldn 't walk for 19 years and so far .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it has sensors .
his fully powered sensors on the crutches , sending signals back to our espheni ship , which is attached to your back .
also , here are some of these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
i was 24 years old , and i was at my best when i was doing a somersault while i was being pulled over .
in a split second , i lost every feeling and every movement below my pelvis .
not long after a doctor walked into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every shred of hope from my mind .
i 've been learning to ski , climb , climb , even with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go so far .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and discuss with you .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations , not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all in wheelchairs , but for everyone .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of rd for a nonprofit organization called robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight the fire as a sidekick to a volunteer fire brigade .
well , in our city , where volunteers supported an early retirement party , you have to be at the top of the class to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the police academy , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to get to the captain responsible and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he was having a very serious conversation with the landlady who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer , who had just arrived before me , we call him lex luther first met the captain and was asked to go to the house and save the owner 's dog .
the dog !
there was some lawyer or money manager who could now tell people for the rest of his life that he went into a burning house to save a living just because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me to him .
he said , " you must go to the house .
you need to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down , where i met my enemy at the front door and my beloved dog .
we carried our treasures outside to the house owner , where , not surprisingly , he got more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the fire station received a letter from the landlady , thanking her for the brave effort to save her house .
someone had even brought her a pair of shoes .
both in my line of work for robin hood and my volunteer firefighter , i am a witness to generosity and kindness on a great scale , but i also see the deeds of the and the deeds of the individual .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so when i look around this room and i see people who have either succeeded or are on their way , i would like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a person 's life , but every day offers us the opportunity to change one .
so go ahead , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i 've just come back from a community that knows the secret of the human race .
a place where women run the scepter , say hello with sex , and the game determines the day where fun is a serious matter .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of the wild bushman in the congo .
with chimpanzees , our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimps are known for their aggressiveness .
but unfortunately , we have that aspect in the story of human evolution .
but we 'll see the other side of the coin
while chimps are being led by big , scary , scary , scary , scary guys ,
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but unfortunately , there are the least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the inner sanctum , and are very difficult to be observed .
the congo is a paradox a land of extraordinary feats and beauty , but even the heart of darkness itself is the scene of a violent confrontation that has lasted for decades and almost as many lives as the first world war .
it is not surprising that this destruction also threatens the survival of the earth alliance .
and the decline of the banking system led to that you couldn 't even fill a stadium with the rest of the passengers , and even then , we 're not sure , to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos you can hear a hidden laugh that shakes the trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know you as " love instead of war , " because you have frequent , casual sex , with different partners , and rules of conflict and social equality .
i 'm not saying that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems , because the life of the phoenix is more than the kama sutra .
- --
game doesn 't just mean games .
for us , and she is a game of bonding relationships and tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game is more creative and resilient , and it 's mostly about the creation of a variety of interaction , diversity of behaviors , variety of behaviors , variety of connections .
and when you watch cartoons at the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and rituals .
the game is the kitt that 's got us .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i 'd like to show you some unique footage straight from the wild .
first a ball game on a ball game and i don 't think about football .
so here we see a young female and a male in a female costume .
look what she 's doing .
that could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more , don 't you ?
yes !
so it 's common , both in human and human .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter and it can take many forms that some of which are a little more calm , imaginative , curious perhaps to rediscover the wonder again .
and i want to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think , just like you , we sometimes play alone , and we create boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that makes us explore and interact , and the unexpected nature of what we create is the real source of creativity .
this is just a little taste of the insights that we have in our past and present .
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to growing challenges through greater creativity and more powerful cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our favorite game .
to successfully adapt to a more modern world , we must play .
but are we going to make the best out of our cupcake business ?
play is not silly ,
it 's essential .
life is not made of teeth and claws .
just when it hardly seems appropriate play may be most important .
and so , my fellow americans , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together as we create the camaraderie and wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two couples , mid 1979 , on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each baby is okay .
so two pair , each one a baby .
now i don 't want you to spend too much time imagining conception , because if you imagine the conception all the time , you won 't listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in one case the sperm is wearing a y chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
and in the other case , the sperm is wearing an x chromosome that meets the x chromosome of the egg .
they 're both light bombs , both light .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my work , i have two hats on .
under a hat , i deal with the history of anatomy .
i am a student of animal behavior , and in this case , i am studying how humans used to dominate anatomy , i.e. human body , animal body , with body fluids , as they thought about body .
the other hat i used to wear in my work is the activist , as an activist , or , as i sometimes say , as a lawyer of people who are patients of doctors .
in that case , i 've worked with people who have computer skills that question social norms .
for example , i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
i 've been working with people who have worked with women who were smaller than usual .
and very often , i have worked with a very wealthy man , whose sex is masculine , so people who don 't have the average male or female sex characteristics .
and as a general term , we can use the word " a " .
it 's a lot of different shapes .
i 'm just giving you a couple of examples of the possible type of men who don 't match the male or female standard .
in one case , you may have someone with a xy xy xy , and the dominant gene of the y chromosome , which we all have , will grow to be testicles .
and that 's why the testicles give up testosterone at the most .
but because this individual lacks the receptors to detect the testosterone , the body does not react to the testosterone .
and that 's what they 're called .
a lot of testosterone , but no reaction .
as a consequence , the body is more evolved to the typical female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but most of the time , it takes her to reach puberty and her breasts grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone thinks there 's something different .
and they run some tests , and they find that instead of ovaries and womb , she actually has testicles in her , and that she has a y chromosome .
it 's important to understand that this person might actually be male , but they 're not really .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that is called a " a " .
they 're in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands , the adrenal glands , which are hormonal .
most women , as i believe to be a typical woman , i don 't know my actual marriage proposal , but i think i probably have the typical one , most women like me , are actually referring to fashion trends .
we 're making a video feed , and we 're going to be talking on the radio .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that 's been exposed more than a woman born with testicles and has a penis .
so , sex is really complicated ; sex is not just in the middle of the spectrum of sex in some ways , they can be spread all over the bandwidth ,
he had an extreme form of a congenital heart defect .
he has taken xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so strongly active that they essentially created a male reproductive organ .
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was exposed to the more mature male part of the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - nobody knew .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , in fact , because he felt inside that the doctors found out that he was female .
okay , just one more quick example for a variant of personality disorder .
some people with xx chromosomes , develop something called " the brain " , " where the brain is shrouded in mystery . "
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason that children with this kind of body are ... is that it may be ... or siamese twins , ... whether or not or not ... are often adjusted to the norm ... is not because that would be an advantage for their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason you are often subjected to multiple types of surgical procedures is because you threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain , uh , a certain , uh , social security system is associated with a certain identity .
so we have the concept that being a woman is to have a female identity , to be a black person , is to have an african anatomy in your own history .
so , we have this terrible , terrible , terrible idea .
and when we are confronted with a body which , in fact , represents something very different to us , it confuses us with regard to this .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born who are two people in one body
where i had seen most of the excitement lately , the south african caster caster caster caster last year , whose gender was questioned at the world championship in berlin .
many journalists have called me to ask , " what test will you take that will tell us if caster female or male ? "
and i had to explain to journalists that this test is not real .
we now know that gender is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and female , and female , and male and female ,
and that 's not just about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be more complicated than our terminology has allowed .
in our minds , we are in all kinds of uncomfortable areas .
we , for example , point out that we have at least 95 % of our dna in common with chimps .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we are only different from them by a few of them ?
as we continue to advance our science , we are increasingly coming to a zone of space where we must recognize that the most basic categories we have probably are too simple .
we see that in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas where we see this as a cultural center in today 's culture , in today 's united states , the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about where a body becomes a human being so that it has a different right than life .
we have very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as publicly as in medicine as in when someone is dead .
our ancestors never had so much trouble fighting the question of when someone was dead .
the best you could do was hold a feather in someone 's nose , and if it moved , they haven 't buried it yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today , we are in a situation where humans are removing vital organs and trying to transplant other people .
and as a result , we get caught in the struggle with the really difficult question of when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult situation where we don 't have as simple categories as we used to .
now you could assume that the whole collapse of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i 'm politically progressive , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i must admit , it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are much more insecure than we thought makes me tense .
and it makes me tense about the thought of democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first admit that i 'm a big fan of the founding fathers .
i know you 've been a professional , and i know you 've been a professional , but you were great .
i think that you were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you did that every few years , i find myself watching the most important musical in 1776 , and it 's not because of the music that is completely forgotten .
it 's because of what happened in 1776 .
the founding fathers , from my point of view , were the original founding fathers , and that 's why .
what they experienced was a radical concept , and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years of service to us .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very fundamental concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on the dna , but they had a concept of the dna .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they believed that people who had political power should have this political power because of grandfather 's bloodline to father to son and so on .
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new concept and this concept said that all men were created equal .
they played the playing field and decided that , anatomically , the similarities were not the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did that part because they were part of a system that had two things together .
democracy grew , but at the same time , science grew .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in the concept of a more modern world .
they went away from the supernatural way , and they explained things , like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transference is based on a very vague sense of birthright .
they moved to a more radical concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence they talk about nature and the god of nature .
you 're not talking about god and the nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they gave us a concept that was of more intimate similarities .
and with that , you have in a really wonderful way prepared the future civil rights movement .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women have succeeded .
the next thing you know , the successful civil rights movement , where we saw people , like , " am i not a woman ? "
we find men in the ranks of the men who say , " i am a man . "
again , people of different color , who call themselves on more intimate similarities from more common , more successful .
we see the same thing at the front door .
of course , the problem is that as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to question why we maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i want to maintain certain breakups , anatomically , in our culture .
i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should distance ourselves from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that five year olds should have the right to have sex or to get married .
so , there are a few broken breakups that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to try and find out what it is and why we keep it , and if it makes sense .
so we come back to these two creatures conceived at the start of the process .
we have two wesen , both conceived in the middle of 1979 the exact same day .
let us imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months early , so on june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born to give birth , so he was born march 1 , 1980
just because of the fact that maria was born three months early , she gains all possible rights three months before heinrich is allowed to have sex , the right to choose to drink the right .
heinrich has to wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of his birth .
we 'll find other ways to determine what your rights are .
heinrich , since it is believed to be male , although i have not told you that he is the one with xy , it is believed to be male , he can now be moved in , which maria has nothing to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot , in all states , perceive the same right that heinrich has in all the states , the right to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so , we have these permanent , long-term categories that are problematic and questionable in many ways .
and for me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our science is making such progress in the anatomy field , that we reach a point where we must admit that a democracy based on anatomy could fall apart ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes it feels like science has its own .
so where are we going ?
it seems our culture is taking in a kind of pragmatic posture , " well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so we 'll draw it somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught up in a very strange position .
so , for example , at one point , texas has decided that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
now , in the practice , people are not tested for their test results .
but it 's also very bizarre , because of the story i told you about the , uh , the , uh ...
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream talk " kind of a solution .
he says that we should not judge people by their color , but by the nature of their character , and so beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i would also like to point out that i probably know a few of the more talented , the more capable , the more capable , the more responsible , the more responsible for their sexual relations than some of the 40-year-old i know .
so how are we supposed to question the nature of the character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that in the future would be , in the future , could be made visible by the sound of electricity ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader of thinking about questions of democracy .
in our struggle for democracy , we did our thing really well , and i think we would do our thing well in the future .
conditions like that don 't exist with us .
i 'm glad to say we didn 't have this condition , a surgeon i spoke to a couple of years ago , who brought some siamese twins here with him to part them , to make a name for himself .
i told him , " now you 've considered political asylum instead of an operation to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without changing for the sake of the state .
that 's why i think we need to lead .
well , just to close , i 'd like to know that i 've talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy might be , or might have looked if we had the mothers involved more .
and i would like to say something that is a bit radical for a feminist , and i think that there may be several types of insights that can come from different types of anatomy , if people use a term .
for years now , because i was interested in research , i was also interested in research in the field of research .
and one of the things that i found really interesting is the difference between men and women in the way they think and act in the world .
what we have learned from decades of study is that women , on average , not everyone , but on average , they tend to give a lot of complex social relationships and care for people who are vulnerable within the group .
and so , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation .
years ago , when i was making a film , one of my fellow countrymen , who knew my interest in feminism , i considered myself a feminist , so do it again .
he said , " tell me what is feminine about feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i 've ever heard .
in feminism , it 's about the racial stereotypes , so nothing is female .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism .
that means that there might be something , on average , which makes female brains differ from male , which makes us more attentive to social relationships , and more attentive to the ability to make it sound .
and maybe that 's where we have to go in the future , when we think democracy over anatomy , less about the individual body , about identity and more about relationships .
so that , as a people , when we try to make a more meaningful connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in there , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and this is , i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love to , for every opportunity , find a different , crazy outfit , wear it , and recently , also photograph and blog .
but i don 't buy anything new .
i get all of my clothes secondhand on the back and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
i am allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people , my dollars usually serve a good cause , i look pretty unique , and it does shopping for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
when all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week at ted 's .
i mean , what does someone bring with so many outfits ?
so i 'll show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of panties , and that 's all .
panties for exactly a week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet i 'd find anything else i wanted to wear once i got to palm springs .
and since you haven 't heard of me as the woman walking around here with ted in her underwear , that means i found some things .
and i really want to show you my outfits for this week .
sound good ?
while i do , i will also give you some of the lessons that i , believe it or not , learned from these adventures not to wear anything new .
let 's start with sunday .
i call that the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than $ 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i wore all week .
paint is a bit of a fixer-upper .
it 's almost physiologically impossible to be in a bad mood when you 're wearing puffy pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
the adaptation is highly overrated .
i 've spent a lot of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
when you surround yourself with the right people , you will not only understand , you will also appreciate it .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing dress-up or that i remind them of their seven-year-old .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , i 'm sure it is .
and if you think you 're not looking good at something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day after day .
but only when i turned 30, i really understood what that means .
and i 'm gonna summarize this for you .
if you think you 're a wonderful person inside and out there is nothing you can 't wear .
so there 's no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal truth , five words , golden words match everything .
and finally , saturday , developing your own unique , personal style is a great way of telling the world about you without having to say a word .
it was proven to me over and over again , when people came to me this week just because of what i was wearing and i had great conversations .
obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm going to donate all this again .
because the lesson i 'm trying to learn myself this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to be emotional about these things , because right around the corner there will always be another crazy , shiny , shining outfit waiting for me when i have a little love in my heart and i 'm looking for it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everyone .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a flight plan , a flying commercial .
that 's what we in our lab call the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh ,
let me tell you a little about it .
some time ago , if you wanted to win a formula one race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
this is what you would call a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , a , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
and basically , it 's a system that 's made of two parts - - a partial piece and a ...
what 's interesting these days is the most exciting thing to happen in our lives .
our cities have been equipped with networks and electronics for the past few years .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer in the open , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and powered .
when we make up cities , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the population is there .
they 're 75 % of the carbon emissions that cause up to 80 % of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , take all this notice and power into objects of everyday life .
this is from an exhibition that will be arranged for paola antonelli later this year during the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , are starting to speak back to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost as if every atom out there is becoming both , a sensor and a pressure sensor .
and that radically changes the interaction we humans have with our environment outside .
in a way , it 's almost as if michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , for the very first time , our environment begins to answer us .
i 'm just going to show you some examples - again , with the idea to exercise and power our environment .
let us begin to perceive .
now , the first project i 'd like you to meet is actually one of the first of our lab .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer , 2006 .
it was when italy won the national championships .
some of you will remember it was when italy played against france and then at the end of it , the head bump .
anyway , italy won in the end
now look what happened that day , just watching the activity happening on the network .
here you see the city .
they see in the middle the colosseum , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you 're looking up the timeline .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game begins - - silence .
france makes a goal .
halftime , people make a quick call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
head bump in a moment .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the prime minister and the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square , massimo , where , since roman time , people go to party to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
this is not about people , but about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips that a mac computer is made of , how they got together .
but we know very little about where things go .
so we actually designed some little markers in this project to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who helped us a little over a year ago , in seattle , to mark the things they wanted - - different kinds of things they could see - things they 'd throw away anyway .
then we put the little chips , the little badges , on the garbage , and we started chasing it .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with this information , we realized that there are a lot of energy in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data wasn 't available before .
but that happens a lot of useless transportation and complicated things .
the other thing is , we think that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle we throw away every day .
and if we show that to the people , then we can move on to an emergency situation .
so that 's the reason for this project .
and the first project is something we did a few years ago in spain .
it started with a question from the mayor who came to us and said that spain and spain have a beautiful tradition of using water in public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how could you connect technology to new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was being investigated by an fbi server was , imagine these tubes , and valves , vents , valves , valves that open and close .
they cause , like , a ... like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , you know , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ...
when these paper cuts fall off , you can write on it , you can write patterns , pictures , text .
and you can get close to him , and he will open himself up to let you see in this picture .
well , we 've been introducing the mayor of new york .
he liked it a lot .
and we were hired to design a building at the expo entrance .
we called it the digital water .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to reduce the needle , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person wondering what 's happening inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not get wet .
well , should i tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but it was actually more fun that night .
all the kids from the city came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people use things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here is now a picture of the building with the physical , the sound of water and the projections on it .
and this is what brought us to think about the following project i 'm about to show you .
imagine if these , uh , cylon ships could really start flying .
imagine , you could have little helicopters flying through the air , and each of you with a little bit of light , almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , totally in sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have a kind of a three-dimensional screen or gauge , like this ... an even formation in two dimensions .
or irregular but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light is not the position of the sun .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine , in front of the screen could just appear in different sizes or sizes , in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could just be a 3-d cloud of motion images that you can walk to and through which you can see from many , many directions .
here you can see a real world of art , which is to form a capital v as before .
if you turn on the light , it looks exactly like we saw before .
imagine that every single one of them is controlled .
it could have a pulse of every single impulse that comes from people , from people 's movements or something .
i want to show you something first .
we 've been working with roberto , one of the best ballet dancers of our time - - the concert at the metropolitan theater in new york and the scala in milan - we 've recorded his movements in 3d to use it as an impulse for the musical .
here you see roberto dancing .
on the left , you can see the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
it 's also a ... it 's a ...
so they can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all of them , they can play with it , and they can play with it , and they can play with the color of gravity and gravity .
that 's what we 'd like to use as a possible pulse for the graviton field .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we 're working on for the olympic games in london .
it 's called the cloud . the cloud .
the idea , in turn , is that we bring people back in to do something and change the environment - - almost as we call it , building a barn door , but with a cloud .
imagine that anyone can give a little donation to a charity .
i think that the remarkable of what has happened over the past few years is that we have moved from a physical to a digital world .
it 's digitized everything , knowledge , and makes it accessible through the internet .
today , for the first time , and the obama campaign has shown this , we can change from the digital world , from the evolving powers of the networks to the physical world .
it can be , in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol .
that means something built in the city .
but tomorrow , to face the challenges to come , think about climate change or co2 emissions , how can we change from the digital world to the physical world ?
so the idea is that we actually involve the people in doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is once again a cloud of dust in the same way as a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water while our cloud is a cloud of dust .
it 's an architectural structure in london , but it 's covered in gold .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important moments for olympia 2012 , and use it as a way of joining the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something you can go to , like london 's new mountaintop .
you can go in .
and a kind of digital lighthouse that night - - but as a night monitor , a new kind of experience for anyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , it 's very important to me .
through my work , i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy , trying to grasp what was in front of me .
the icebergs around me were almost 60 meters out of the water , and all i could see was a snowflake on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are born as the calf of a bull 's head or by breaking out of the sea .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they are clearly interacting with their environment and their experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can no longer stand it , and in a fit of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
as an iceberg melts , i inhale its atmosphere .
as the iceberg melts , it releases the drinking water that feeds many life forms .
i go in my recordings of these icebergs as if i were to do portraits of my ancestors , in the knowledge that they exist in these individual moments from this way , and will never again exist .
it is not death when you melt , it is not an end , it is a continuation of your cycle along the cycle .
a part of the ice in the ice in the ice which i have left is very young - a few thousand years old .
and part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
the last images i 'd like to show you show you are an iceberg that i 've been able to navigate in greenland .
very rarely do you actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here you see it now .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please watch the shape of the iceberg and where it is located on the surface .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is there .
that 's the average size of a shoe .
he stands about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was this guy .
his name is ...
he was one of the leading artists of the ' 80s .
then one day , he came back running and said , " dad , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the onset of the when .
i 'm not sure .
he can only use his eyes .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
we have therefore decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we will give you this money ,
what will you do with it ? "
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back with him , and i said , " wait a minute , isn 't that - - i 've seen stephen hawking - can 't all the paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only when you 're in the upper class and you have a remarkable insurance policy , you can really do that .
normal people are not accessible to these devices . "
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen the " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - that 's how their fingers run along .
i said , " how can that be ? "
so i came up with the need to just write a check and instead i wrote a check that i had no idea how to cash .
because it is a farce that someone who still has all this in him can 't communicate . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people from the graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then draw on it with an infrared camera that only records the negative surface .
so you move around and you do like this .
they say that all the things being reported up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the language , then comes the swear words , then , after that , people actually do art .
but there was always a life cycle in her presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did some things .
first of all , we have the insurance company 's doors locked , and we have actually received a device that he can communicate with , a stephen king .
that was incredible .
and he 's really very funny - - i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i 'm so undignified , this guy is incredible . "
besides , we 've flown seven programmers from all over the world , literally from all over the world to our home .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
a lot of our friends thought that we were pretty stupid to do this and that we were running around and all the pictures on the walls were gone .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog , and we created this .
it 's called a , it 's called a , it 's called a , uh , a , it 's called a , uh , a , it 's called a , uh , a , it 's called a , uh ,
it 's a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought on the boardwalk from venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a data transfer , we put it in , we put it on a satellite , and now we have a device that 's available , you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free , you can download it for free .
so we have created a device that is completely free of restrictions .
no insurance policy can change .
no hospital .
any cripple can actually communicate with his eyes or draw alone .
thank you .
thank you very much . that was incredible .
at the end of two weeks , so we went back to fet 's room .
i love this picture because it 's someone else 's room and this is his room .
there 's all this publicity before the big unveiling
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , painting and painting nights , for the first time in seven years ,
and that 's an impressive image , because this is his life support , and he 's looking beyond his life support .
we bent his bed so he could look outside .
we 've put a projector up against a wall from the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can only imagine what it felt like in the parking lot .
the funny thing is , we had to break into the parking lot too , so we felt like we were a part of the gang .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail saying , " for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i feel like i was pushed under water and finally someone reached down and pulled my head up so i could breathe . "
isn 't that amazing ?
that 's like our battle cry .
it keeps us in line and keeps us developing .
and we still have a lot to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing piece of equipment , but it 's coming up on a subspace transmission .
and someone with such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're trying to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we have received all kinds of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming out of our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong was above us , and then , in december , we were honored to be one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest thing about it is - - and that concludes the whole circle - that this april , there will be an exhibition downtown of downtown los angeles called " art of the streets "
and there will probably be some of the toughest representatives in the history department - - the , uh , the , uh , shepard , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the ,
i 'm gonna be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
so basically , what i 'm asking is that if you see something that 's impossible , make it possible .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the sound of music - everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - all of you here .
i 'm not a computer programmer and i 've never had anything to do with computer technology , but i 've just picked something up and surrounded myself with amazing people so that we could work something out together .
and that question should be asked each of you on every single day that you notice something that needs to be done , if not now , when , and if not me , who then ?
thank you .
well , i write for children , and i 'm probably america 's most popular favorite .
and i always tell people i don 't want to come like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen a farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and revelations .
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it - -
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle started back in the ' 60s back in high school , ohio , where i was the junior high .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in the school cafeteria until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teachers ' lounge .
she did it in secret .
she did it for three years ,
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me in san francisco in california , i found a lover , and then back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to take a job at the university .
about three or four years ago , i got a call in the middle of the night from this teacher , the woman who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sad that we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come along with the man i know you 've found .
" and i should mention that i have some , and i want you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for you , we took you there , and we took care of you , and we took care of your family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , met me , she turned into a box of ashes and was put in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation i spoke of turned out .
the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved hers .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i 'm so glad this has been mentioned so often .
he also needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it is for us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a big explosion as you go up to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
think of an engine .
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place that day , i was sitting on the bench .
i was the only one who could talk to the original .
so i looked right at them and they said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we weren 't that far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot set up the plane after the hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
can you imagine a plane that 's been hijacked ?
and then he said three words - the most eloquent words i 've ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't have to talk to the manager .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
while i was thinking about it later , i remembered a saying , " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to move anything in my life again .
and this urgency , this purpose , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned that day , and that was when we missed the george washington bridge , quite by a hair , i thought , man , there 's one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i sought to be better in everything i had .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i regretted the time i wasted on meaningless things with people who mean something .
and i was thinking about the relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't had a fight with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i no longer try to be right , i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned while the inside clock was ticking , " 15 , 14 , 13 ... "
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , as it is known in documentaries .
while we were falling , i had this feeling , man , dying is not scary .
almost like we 've been preparing for this all our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness was really in a thought that i wanted only one thing .
i just wish i could watch my kids grow up .
about a month after that , i went to my daughter 's first year , not much artistic talent ...
... not yet .
i cry like a little child .
and everything in the world made sense to me .
i realized at the time that i connected the dots that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift to look into the future and come back and live differently .
my call to all who are flying today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight - please don 't - but imagine it , and how would you change ?
what would you do that you delay because you think you 'll be there forever ?
how would you change your relationship and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the super bowl is quite simple .
we don 't want iran to build the bomb .
the most important item there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear weapon in nuclear weapons .
the gray boxes you see here , these are the pits .
now , if we can compromise the systems that control the valves and valves , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these grey boxes don 't run with the basic , they 're based on a completely different technology .
but if we can create an effective surgical program on a laptop used by a government computer to configure this gray box , then we 're in business .
and this is the planning behind the scenes .
so , we 'll start with a family portrait .
the transfer of power is transferred into the gray box , damaging the centrifuge and the iranian nuclear program is delayed - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research on the surface six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose and purpose of this research was .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , about the most vulnerable part , the most vulnerable part , used by a myriad of key points .
and there seemed to be something a little more subtle , with these grey boxes , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , uh , these , these , uh , these , these , these , these , these , uh , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , these , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , these , uh , these , these , these , these , these , these , these ,
it got our attention , and we started a project in which we infected our environment with the infected and examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he was acting like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese , but he wouldn 't eat it .
that didn 't make any sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different kinds of cheese , i realized this was a targeted attack .
completely focused on a specific target .
the bird of prey is actively roaming the gray box when a specific configuration has been discovered , even if the special program that is trying to infect it is on this target .
and if not , then don 't do anything .
well , that really piqued my interest , and we started working around the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target was .
it could , for example , be a self-sustaining american power plant , or a nuclear plant in germany .
so we better find out soon what the target is .
so , in other words , we 've been able to decode the code and find that it 's in two digital warheads a smaller and a bigger one .
and we also noticed that they were very professionally constructed by people who obviously had all the information available .
they knew every bits and bytes they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and since you 've already learned that the key to the complex is high-tech and high-tech , let me tell you , the key elements are a science to themselves .
it 's much more challenging than anything we 've ever seen .
here you can see a clip from this ...
we 're talking about - - 15,000 lines code .
it looks pretty much like the old school days .
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out this code .
so the first thing we were looking for was a bunch of horny hits because we know what they do .
and then we went to look for the sky and the sky , and we tried to connect this to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories about these targets that we could prove or disprove .
to set up these theories , we call to remember that it is definitely sabotage , it must be a high-value target , and most likely it is in iran because most of the infections have been reported .
well , there aren 't many thousand targets in this area .
basically , it comes down to the nuclear power plant , and to the nuclear power plant .
so , i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts on power plants and power stations from our client base . "
and i called her , and i called her to compare her knowledge to what we found in the code and in the data .
and it worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead to the nuclear device .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this , you 're actually able to crack the rotor and , finally , explode the centrifuge .
what we 've also discovered is that the target of the attack was actually , to make it happen slowly and scary , obviously , in an attempt to make it desperate so they wouldn 't be able to get behind it quickly .
the big digital warhead we got a glimpse of by studying very closely and studying data .
so , for example , number 164 is very much out of this code ; you can 't miss it .
i began to work through scientific literature on how these twin towers are built in industrial areas , and found that they are structured in what is called " quantum theory , " and each cascade contains 164 .
so that made sense , it was a match .
and it got better .
these terrorist groups in iran are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the evidence room ?
almost identical structure .
so , again , it really went well together .
and this has given us great confidence in what we have examined here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually targeting one and the same , but from different directions .
the small warhead takes over a cascade , and it slows down the rotors , and the large warhead kicks off with six nuclear warheads in interaction and manipulates valves .
so , on the whole , we 're very confident that we actually have what the target is .
it 's just a matter of time and it 's just a matter of time .
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by targets .
here 's some really cool stuff we discovered that really knocked me out .
down there is the gray box , and on top , you see the box .
well , what this thing does is that it captures the incoming sensor readings from sensors , for example , from radio signals and radio signals , and it provides legitimate code available during the attack , with false data coming in .
and as a matter of fact , this false , incoming data from a satellite phone has already been recorded .
so it 's just like the one in north hollywood , where during the chase , the security camera is fed with previously uploaded footage .
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outwit the control systems .
in fact , it 's even more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to outwit a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human brain can 't react fast enough .
so , in a power plant , for example , if the big one 's going too fast , you have to open it in milliseconds .
of course , this can 't be handled by a human brain .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they are compromised , then really bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the security cameras nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm about to say is very important .
think about it .
he doesn 't have anything special to do with , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the ,
so , for example , it would work just as well in a power plant or a power plant .
- it 's a ...
and you don 't have to , as the attacker , you don 't have to put the brake light on a stick , like we saw on a stick .
you could also use ordinary , everyday technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you finally get a reduced weapon of mass destruction .
that 's the consequence we have to face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such attacks is not in the middle east .
they lie in the united states , in europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the surrounding environments .
we have to face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people believe the mossad is behind this .
is that what you think ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the superpower .
there 's only one , and that 's the united states for happiness .
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for scaring the shit out of us .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i was working in a coal mine .
i 've been filming in heavy and dangerous .
and i 've spent 30 days , nothing but this to eat , fun at first , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when i knew that i would come here to look at the world of movie stars and movie stars , i knew i would do something a little different .
some of you may have heard i put an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i 've sent out a bunch of spy satellites , a couple of spy satellites , and i 've given people the opportunity to purchase the missile codes on my fiscal 2011 .
but other than that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you have any idea how many people look at this ?
a lot .
it 's just a working title , by the way .
so , in spite of this warning , i knew that someone would buy the tickets .
if you 'd asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't have been able to tell you with certainty .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new film , we 're investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
as i was saying , over the years , i 've put myself in some pretty terrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could prepare me for anything as difficult and as dangerous as going into a room with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a movie about product placement , marketing and advertising , where the whole movie is funded by product placement , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called the greatest movie ever paid .
so what happens in " the greatest movie ever paid " is that everything , from top to bottom , from top to bottom , is perfectly marked by brands from the movie that you will see in the movie is the brand x.
now , this brand , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the
these people will be connected to the film forever ... forever .
and that 's how the film will investigate this whole idea that 's what ?
i 'm a caring person .
that was more for emphasis .
it was " forever , forever . "
but we will not only have the brand " x " , but we will make sure we sell every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we 'll sell a shoe and it 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven , from the greatest movie ever paid , the greatest drink you 've ever had , courtesy of the greatest movie ever paid .
so the idea is , aside from showing that brands are part of life , actually , getting them to finance the movie ?
and we actually show the whole process how it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
you 're gonna watch the whole thing go in the movie of statten .
so that 's the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy to see that it would help to make this happen .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have a perspective i don 't want to use " angles " because that has a negative connotation but do you know how that will develop ?
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet you , but i think it 's definitely worth addressing some really known brands .
who knows , when the movie comes out , we might look like a bunch of idiots .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we have to figure out which brands .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can go .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean that we wanted to run a video game .
it turns out it really meant , " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just like that , all those companies , one after the other .
nobody wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was surprised .
you wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this interface of new and old media , and the dismembered sperm donor , it is not the idea to be in this new exciting media system that brings this message to the masses .
no , that 's what i thought .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal flaw , and that was this .
actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
you see , when you enter transparency with the camera , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like your style , sergey pavlovich .
that was the problem - - transparency free from deception and trick , to simply discover and see through ; immediately ,
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency right now .
our politicians say so , our president says so , even our ceos say so .
but when the time comes for it to be moved , something changes .
well , transparency is terrifying like that weird , weird bear that 's still screaming .
she 's like this strange road .
and it 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
you see , when i was a kid , and my father caught me lying , and there he is , looking at me with that look he would say , " my son , there are three versions in every story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the true version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
so what they suddenly began to understand or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of your brand being understood is a comprehensive problem .
i have friends who make big , giant , huge , huge , huge , and i have friends who make little , like me .
and my friends , who make the great , gigantic , gigantic , giant , giant , are saying that the reason why their films are so successful is because of the huge ones they have .
and then my friends say , " well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant , giant , super , super , super , super monsters ? "
and the movie is called " the greatest movie ever paid . "
so how exactly are we going to see ban in the movie ?
every time i open the medicine cabinet , they 'll see ban deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those great perfumes .
it 's either " the thermonuclear merger " or a " paradise wind " , you 'll have a choice .
we will be equipped for both men and women , his ... his ... his ... his ... his ...
that 's the short version .
now , i can answer all your questions and give you a little version .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller films , we are a challenger as a brand .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing stuff like that , you know , reminds people of ban that 's kind of why we 're interested .
in what words would you describe ban ?
ban is broke .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone puts under their arms .
we 're talking about bold , fresh .
i think " fresh " is a great word that this category actually makes a bit of a " fighting smell and moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , more fresh , more fresh , three fresher .
these things have a profound effect .
and this is a ...
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street , who 's like me .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your brand ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
woman : ' 80s revival meets the ' 80s revival , except on laundry day .
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have , is " dark glamour . "
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of color and stuff .
but i usually have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the brand i am , i 'd say smooth fly .
part hippie , part yogi , part ...
i 'm the head of the department .
i 'm selling stock options all over the country , worldwide .
so i think this is my badge .
that 's my brand in my little , distorted industry .
my badge is fedex because i deliver goods .
man 5 :
can you ?
i 'm an insurance investigator .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the glamorous type , but i often see myself in the dark and fuzzy fly .
and what i realized was i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could get inside my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call " the " the . "
and that 's how i found a company called the olson family in the ' 70s .
they 've helped companies like , companies like , companies like , companies like the , uh ,
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures .
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little bit about how your thoughts and feelings about yourself are connected .
these are the people who shape my body .
tell me about this world .
i think your world is the world where you live like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , your work and all .
all of these things come and start from a place and come to me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
this was the best day of my life .
in what context does that relate to the thoughts and feelings of yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird .
tell me about the " why " .
what 's the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me about this part .
a little more about you than you are .
what other tests did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that her travelling companion was two separate , but the morgan evans family is a playful / brand .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction in that .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands do that ?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , target , wii , mini from mini coopers , mini cooper 's ,
well , there 's playful brands and popular stamps , these things that come and go , but a playful brand is a pretty strong thing .
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to ask you to describe her , her , her , her , her , her , what would she be ?
are you something that puts the blood in the blood ?
or are you more of a sex maniac ?
are you something a little quieter , more conservative ?
and the things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , fashionable , adventurous , and lovely like flynn erol , agile , agile , agile , bossy , and mystical as gandalf .
or are you more like a ...
are you alert and alert like 007 ?
are you established , traditional , nurturing , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , family , safe , safe , safe , holy , and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the movie , we had over 500 companies that were up and down and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of the sex life , the way we tell the story in this movie , that nowadays you use the brain to make both commercials and movies .
we went to sao paulo , where the law says no .
the whole town hasn 't been able to find any paper posters in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we used to go to , you know , places where companies work their way in schools , all over america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects i got most of the feedback from , or where i had the most success , are where i deal directly with things .
and that 's what those badges did ,
because you bypassed the middleman , you bypassed the agencies , and you said that the agencies might not really have your interest .
i 'll deal with the artist directly .
i will work with him and create something completely different , something that will make people think that our world is challenging .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the film was opening at the sundance film festival , we can take a look .
according to the tv news , the premiere was in january , and since then , and that 's not even the whole thing was 900 million hits from that movie .
that actually only covers a period of two and a half weeks .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
it 's not even online .
he hasn 't gotten out in other countries yet .
well , after all , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended your client to keep his hands off .
one thing i firmly believe in is that when you take your chance , you take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the entire company to make a profit .
i have a feeling we have to encourage people to take risks in advance .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
after all , in advance , we should welcome fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
one big spoonful each , and we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty will get us far .
and that being said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk " welcome transparency " has been brought to you by my good friends of mine , who have paid $ 500,000 for the online shopping on ebay .
big data is turned into great opportunities for organizations all around the world .
_
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of transparency , this , what exactly happened to the $ 500,000 ?
that 's a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , made out to the credit card company , the insurance company , a check in the amount of $ 10 to fund my investment in the next year .
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something different at google , and i suggested i do something with museums and art .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - i don 't complain - but i had no access to too many museums and art works .
when i was traveling and visiting these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this longing - - to be more accessible with technology .
we then formed a team , a great team , and we started this .
i 'll probably start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so , you just go to ...
you can look around all these museums .
there 's the moma , the moma , the hermitage , the radio , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you come in for two - very simple .
click , and snap , you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - - bombay , mexico , it makes no difference .
you go around having a good time .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card and jump with one click .
they 're in , they want to get to the end of the hall .
go on .
browse .
thank you , but the best is yet to come .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , patron saint of pieter 's at the met .
i can see this .
when the museum gave us the painting , click on it .
this is now one of the pictures .
this is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i 'm gonna click that away .
this is one of the images we 've been holding with what we call " the " the " the " .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion dollar bills , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for $ 10 billion ? "
let me show you .
it 's easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then you really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i started to realize that these kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , talked to some of the people at the met , and i actually found out that this is a game called the , uh , the one where a goose is beaten with a stick .
apparently , it was quite popular .
i don 't know why you did it , but i learned something about it .
to really get close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you a closer look , i 'll let you see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best is coming . in a second .
let 's jump to the moma , back to new york .
another one of my favorites .
the previous example was about finding details .
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes ?
what if you want to see van gogh make this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom in on one of my favorite scenes of this picture until i really get to the cracks .
it 's probably never seen before .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have the time .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called collections .
every one of them , every one - rich or poor , whether they have a great house - - doesn 't matter .
you can go online and create your own museum from all these pictures you can build your own collection .
it 's simple , you go in , and i created this , it 's the power of the zoom , you can zoom in .
this is the " the envoy " , in the village .
you can write anything with notes , send your friends , and this conversation starts with how you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , the main thing is that all these wonderful things don 't come from google .
in my opinion , they don 't even come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope we live up to this digital medium of art and represent them properly online .
and the biggest question i 'm asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a human being ? "
the answer to that is no .
it should complement the experience .
thank you .
thank you .
your brain can be divided into two halves .
that 's the left half that is the logical side and then the right half that is the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the size of every hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , that someone who is entirely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of the extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , her brain looks like this with a high level of power , which is at the same time in both .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
you can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most of the other experimental techniques that require a good share of logic to combine the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually carry out the experiments .
well , we love to play with things .
so we go out and play with it and see how it reacts and then we start to develop our intuition .
they basically do the same thing .
so , one of the most sophisticated technology you 've developed over the years is that at the same time , one thing can only be in one place .
i mean , it may sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but you weren 't born with that idea , you developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a football field .
he was just a kid , not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i bet he taught him a very valuable lesson about playing with the piano , because the great things don 't just let you pass and that they stay in one place .
and this is a great model of the world , as long as you 're not a model .
it would be a terrible model for a star player , because you don 't play with the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and when you play with your particles , you realize all sorts of strange things like flying right through walls , or that at the same time , you can be in two different places .
and so you wrote down all these observations and called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the level of physics a few years ago , it took quantum mechanics to describe the small , tiny particles .
but they didn 't need to be described around the great mundane objects around us .
it didn 't like my intuition , and maybe it was because i don 't play with things that often .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are made of particles and all these things follow the rules of quantum mechanics , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i see no reason why it shouldn 't be .
so i would feel pretty clear about the whole thing if we could somehow show that quantum mechanics follow the rules .
so a few years ago , i started doing just that .
i made one .
this is the first item you can see , which was in the north pole .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
it 's an image of the object .
we 're looking right at the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal shaped like a stepping stone , and it 's over the edge .
so i did this thing the same way you do a computer chip .
i went to a clean room with a new set of keys , and i spent 100 hours on all the big equipment .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool shaped hole and the thing .
this thing has the ability to be in the control room , but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of weird stuff , but then other people get involved , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother them with it , or , frankly , they just ...
so quantum mechanics tells me that , uh , objects that feel the same .
the passengers for objects that are not only men , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps by them and the heat of space .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was behaving in a way , we had to throw all the other passengers out .
and that 's what we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum and blew out all the air , and we blew it up to now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his movement .
we realized it was moving really weird .
instead of just lying there quiet , the way it was , the way it was , the way it was , was like , this , like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like a ... like
by giving him a little nudge , we were able to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something that 's only allowed in quantum mechanics .
so what i 'm telling you right now is a truly fantastic thing .
what does it mean for an object to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , all the trillions of atoms that make the piece of metal lie still and at the same time the same atoms move up and down .
it 's just as precise as surgical instruments .
the rest of the time , you 'll be out .
that means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that 's really cool .
really .
it was worth it to keep me in the clean room for all this year , because check it out , the difference between a single atom and this piece of metal is about as much the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine being in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body is in the room ?
there 's another aspect to the story .
when we turned it down , the light lit up , and the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to come up with this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are really just quantum objects that are in a small room together .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says everything is connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more . it 's deeper .
the thing is , these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and this is the most bizarre and weird of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided we should think about economic development .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they are given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities all in competition for new people .
right now , we are far from that target .
there are billions of people in central europe who aren 't even available to a single city that would welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so , we could equip the world very simple with some of these , maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you , if you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just trade apartments for the cities ?
imagine , half the people who want to live in apartments would already do that , but the other half wouldn 't .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing apartments .
but do you know what you would get yourself into , in these apartments and their environment , there are laws to avoid complaints and to distract from the build-up .
so it turns out to be very difficult to accommodate all these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block of flats , provided the laws there would support such a place and not interfere .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for one city and give them a name , charter cities .
later i found out that , around the same time , javier and octavio thought about the challenges of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras suffered from a severe heart attack .
in the next fiscal elections , pepe lobo won in a landslide , whose program promised both innovation and mediation .
he asked octavio to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was getting ready for a lecture at the university .
by improving , testing , and by examining weather patterns ,
the first point is the importance of laws , laws that dictate that you are not allowed to interfere with existing military operations .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress , it requires technology and laws , and it 's usually laws that restrain us .
in the fall of 2010, a friend of mine from guatemala sent the link to the murder site .
the one who showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december in the boardroom at a hotel in miami .
i tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i have used this graphic to show how valuable a place like new york is in a place like new york .
but it was a pretty abstract discussion , in a place where there was a break , octavio said , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the movie . "
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras , who said that we must accomplish this project , that it is important and that this is the way to move our country .
i have been asked to come to new york and give a lecture on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i was giving another full , full lecture that included a graphic like this , trying to make it clear that if you want to make a lot of value in a city , it must be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has a square mile of ground .
so i was trying to convince the federal government that if you want to build a new city , you have to start an area of at least a thousand square miles .
that 's more than 250 thousand acres .
everyone applauded politely .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of congress came up to the stage and said , " professor romer , thank you very much for your lecture , but perhaps we could look at the ball .
i have it here on my laptop . "
so i sat down and you played the game .
and i have come to the conclusion that a new city offers new opportunities to people .
there would be a chance to live in a city in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city also makes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it can easily reach a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on january 19 , you voted congress for a change in the constitution to have a special settlement that is admissible in special court .
in a country that has just had a violent crisis , congress has voted in a 124 to a vote .
all parties , all factions of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it must be approved twice by congress .
on february 17 , it was the second time , with 114 , a voice was approved .
right after this election , between the 21st and the 24th of february , a delegation from around 30 was traveling to the two places in the world that were most interested in getting into the business of the united states .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new city center built in south korea , bigger than downtown boston .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in the fish market is singapore .
two cities have already been built in china , and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically thinking about it , that 's where we are today .
you already have a business meeting , and you 're already considering this area for the second city .
they 've already been working on a legal system that allows managers to participate , and it 's also working on an external legal system .
a country has already offered to provide its supreme court , as a court of law for the state 's most pressing appeal .
i 'm also very interested in the , uh ...
they even bring in funding .
one thing , as you already know , has already been solved , there are many tenants .
there are a lot of places that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a family home , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who say they want to live in a different place permanently .
a million people leave latin america every year and migrate to the united states .
a lot of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families to do their jobs sometimes they are single mothers who have to make enough money to afford food and clothing .
unfortunately , sometimes even children try to find their parents , who , in some cases , haven 't seen them for a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even build dozens of these cities , or spread hundreds all over the world ?
so what 's the idea of insisting that every family has a choice between several cities in competition with new residents ?
it 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends in honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions made by a typical american in one day is 70 .
also , a recent study was made with c.e.o.s , watching the ceos for a week .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues that this ceo is preoccupied with and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo deals with 139 assignments this week .
each of these topics , of course , consisted of many , many smaller choices .
50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
only for about 12 % of your choices , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own choices .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of the one in the one hour ?
how good do you think you are at managing the decisions ?
today , i would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern times , the most powerful .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise your hand because i 'm blind only if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear anything about the sex tape ?
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very , very exclusive grocery store .
it was a place called the ' 60s .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at one point i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive branch .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the branch manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model work , that you 're really giving people all these opportunities ? "
and he pointed out to tourists who came in every day with their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your lead .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
we set up a small wooden door right at the front of the store .
we put six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam there , and we looked at two things : first , which case would more people stop and try jam ?
more people stopped when it was 24 , about 60 % , than when it was six , about 40 % .
and after that , in which case , people were more likely to buy a glass of jam .
now we saw the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when it was 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of jam .
from the people who stopped when there were six , well , now we see that 30 % of them actually bought a glass of jam .
well , if you did the math , people would buy a glass of jam six times more , who they had six to choose than when they had 24 .
well , deciding not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waist , but it turns out that the sex drive also affects us in very , very , very , very , very provocative decisions .
we don 't decide , even if it 's against our best interests .
so on the subject of the day , financial savings .
i will now describe to you a study ... which i have conducted with the special forces , emir , wei , where we have been making the decisions for the pension of nearly a million americans ... in the united states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of the numbers of those who were capable of a suicide mission , the 401 plan , which would affect the probability of saving more for tomorrow .
and we found out that there was actually a connection .
so in these plans , we had , like , planned plans that offered people anything between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered that , in fact , attendance was less expensive .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that offered two funds , a tax return in the ' 70s , still not as high as we want .
in the plans that offered nearly 60 fund , the financial industry has now fallen to roughly the amount of money .
now it turns out that even if you take part , if there were more opportunities , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate , more so that the more opportunity they had available , the more they avoided choosing stocks and funds .
the more opportunities available to you , the sooner you put all your money into pure cash .
none of these extreme decisions are one of the choices that any of us would recommend if we value your future financial wellbeing .
well , for the past ten years , we 've been observing three major negative consequences , providing more and more choices .
you blame the decision on her , even if it 's against her own best interest .
you make worse choices , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
you prefer to choose things that make you less satisfied even if you make it more objective .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge shelves full of , uh , mustard , mustard , vinegar and jam , but we can 't , in effect , draw the settlements and actually pick something from the fantastic offer .
so what i would like to propose today is four simple techniques that we have tested in different ways and different ways that you can just use in your business .
first , confine .
you 've heard it before , but it was never more true than today that is less .
people are always worried when i say , " confine . "
you 're always worried you 're gonna lose weight .
when proctor and gamble reduced the various head and shoulders ways of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold her 10 worst selling of the most expensive , you experienced the profits by 87 percent , a result of both , the increase in sales and the reduction of costs .
you know , the average hollywood producer today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers 100,000 products today .
but the most expensive supermarket in the world today is a supermarket in the world , and all they 're offering is 1,400 products a kind of tomato sauce in cans .
every single harvard employee now automatically takes part in an online dating game .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all important . "
and the first thing i ask the staff is , " tell me how the possibilities differ from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your clients . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the street .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read it , and then i 'm gonna ask you to clap when you 're ready to accept gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all ?
all right , let me show you some more .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is that you had more information the first time than the second time , but i would dare to guess that the second time was more real .
because the images made it feel more real to you .
which brings me to the second technique that will help you deal with the problem of the problem of the brain , it 's the control .
the point is that people , to understand the difference between possibilities , need to understand the consequences of the individual possibilities and that these consequences must be vivid and concrete .
why do average people spend 15 to 30 % more when they use a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out if you can make something feel concrete , it 's a very good tool to make people save more .
and during this meeting , we left this meeting exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think of all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
third technique :
we can handle more categories than more choices .
here , for example , is a study we did in a research lab .
it turns out that it has up and down in the northeast , numbers between 331 and different types of magazines to magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
here are two different sets of keys .
one is called jazz and the other is called swing .
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad is jazz on the right , clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly useless business opportunity .
the categories must say something to the people who provided the selection .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you going to tell ?
my fourth technique , a requirement for complexity .
it turns out we can actually handle more information than we think we need to simplify .
we must increase the complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's take a very , very complicated decision : buying a car .
here 's a german satellite phone that gives you the opportunity to completely configure your car .
you have to make 62 different decisions to complete your car .
now these decisions are different in the number of choices you offer per decision .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , transmission , four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order in which the decisions appear .
half the customers will go from the many possibilities , 56 degrees to the limited possibilities , four gears .
the other half of the customers are off the low , four gears , to the 56 points , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep using the power to make this decision , it means you 're going to be overwhelmed , i 'm losing you .
what they find out is that the people who , from the many , go to the low places , always , always , always dial the same number .
we 're losing her .
go from the little choices to the many , then stick to it .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the easy one , i learn how to play .
even though the gears select , not to tell me about my preferences in the interior , it still prepares me to choose .
it also gets me excited about the big product that i 'm putting together , and so i 'm ready to be motivated with interest .
let me get this straight .
i have told you of four techniques , which limit the problem of the fringe benefits , you will rid yourself of the unnecessary alternatives .
each of these techniques i describe to you today is designed to help you manage the opportunities well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service to .
because i think the key to the best possible choice is to be picky about choices .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
hi , i 'm kevin , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm
that 's right .
today we want to talk about how videos go viral , and then why it 's important .
we all want to be celebrities , singers , singers ... when i was young , it seemed so difficult .
but we have made it possible that all or all of our creative activities can become extremely famous in part of the culture of our world .
any one of you could be famous on the internet by next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video every minute .
once again , only a tiny percentage will ever go viral and look at thousands of times , and at the cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things :
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
- what ?
last year bear vasquez sent this video that he filmed outside his house in the yosemite national park .
in 2010 , it had been watched 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like the first time the video got popular last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a homemade video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he 'd loaded up a lot of spy stuff .
and this video was actually sent in january .
what happened here ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel broadcast the tweet that finally made the video so popular .
because , like jimmy kimmel , we present new and interesting things and show a great audience .
rebecca black friday is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it was watched almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like " double rainbow " seems to have come out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's right .
if you want to know , these other spikes are fridays .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it 's a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j.
what is important is that an individual or group of individuals took a stand , shared with a large audience and accelerated the process .
then this community formed by people who shared this big private joke and started talking about it and playing with it .
now there are 10,000 parody of friday on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody of every single day of the week .
unlike the most stimulating conversation of the 20th century , attendance of the community is our way of becoming part of this phenomenon , either by spreading it or making something new .
it 's animation and music on an endless loop .
that 's it , very simple .
this year it was watched almost 50 million times .
and if you think this is crazy , you should know that there 's a video camera that 's been watched four million times .
even cats watch that video .
cats watch cats watch that video .
what is important is the creativity that is in the production of the computer geeks and computer geeks .
there have been signs of violence .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire police force shot out of the ground that made it from a stupid joke to something that we can all participate in .
today we don 't just enjoy anything , we do it .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black or " cat " ?
what scripts could you have written ?
in a world where every minute of footage is uploaded for two days , only truly unique and unexpected can stand out like the video mentioned .
i admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to watch this great video about a guy protesting parking tickets for bikes in new york .
i got a ticket because i didn 't drive the car , but there are times when the disabilities don 't let you drive a decent car .
since it was completely surprising and humorous , casey casey casey 's funny idea and his argument was seen five million times .
this approach applies to everything we do creatively .
and all this leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
the features of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to and in which the audience has popularity .
as i was saying , one of the world 's greatest stars - - justin bieber - started on youtube .
no one has to give green light to your ideas .
and today we all feel like we own our pop culture .
and these are not the traits of the old media , and they are hardly the media of today , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story isn 't over yet .
she 's a puzzle still put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the ...
imagine the first play , a man who burns his life 's work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life was held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
keep an eye on him when the communists invade saigon , as he must admit , his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , are now his .
he retreated into the silence .
he died , broken in history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him in person .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history was trying to crush us , but we survived .
the next piece of the puzzle is how a boat , in the early dawn , runs gently out at sea .
my mother may was 18 when her father died in an arranged marriage with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a task , the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a four-year-old and a legendary saga , a boat slipped calmly onto the sea as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
they were the most afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little wooden box .
if we were caught , my sister and i would have drunk it on ourselves and my grandmother .
my first memories are of this boat , the steady stream of the engine , the applause of every wave on the bow , the wide and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates , who came many times , but had the men on our boat fooled or the engine failure that wouldn 't start for six hours .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next piece of the puzzle is about four women in three generations who build a new life together .
we settled in a residential area , one of the working class occupied suburbs , whose population is made of sound .
unlike those of us who had never been known to me , there was no such thing as a man 's life .
the smells from the pine trees came from the rest of the world .
and the pieces of broken glass were exchanged between people who had one thing in common :
my mother worked on farms , then on an assembly line , six days , double shifts .
somehow she managed to find the time to take on english and english .
we were poor .
each dollar was assigned and was put into further training for english and math , no matter what we had to give up , most of the time was the new things that always came from second hand .
two pairs of socks for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform up to the ankles because it had to last six years .
and there were the rare but painful choirs of " chink " and here and there , " asian , go home . "
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a meeting to make up and a quiet voice said , " i 'll get out of your way . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened up a bank account , then she went to a bank and opened up a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and inflexible children trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been built .
i lived in the suburbs .
in one , i was the classic asian student , who had the unrelenting requirements .
in the other , i was involved in uncertain lives , with tragic scars of violence , drug abuse and isolation .
but so many have received help over the years .
and because of that help , i was chosen in my last year of the australian year as a boy of the year .
and i was shot from one piece to the next , and the edges didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous writer of the free world , was now tan le , refugee and social activist , invited to lectures in places she 'd never heard of , and in a place she could never imagine .
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it .
she reminded me that i was now your age when we first got on the boat .
no was never a possibility .
" just do it , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i was talking about education and education , and the neglect of life and death eaters .
and the more i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met a lot of people in all directions , so many of them did what they loved , lived at the limits of the possible .
and even though i had my degree , i realized i couldn 't reconcile myself with a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time it 's okay to be an outsider , a new arrival , new in the picture , and not only okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from the boat .
because belonging can so easily lead to the collapse of the universe , it can be so easy to accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now gone out of my family 's house enough to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as they feared .
opportunities that would not have been allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an unrelenting optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the healing .
so i followed my gut .
i gathered a small team of people around me for whom the drawer " can 't " was an irresistible challenge .
we haven 't had a cent for a year .
at the end of every day i cooked a huge pot of soup we shared .
we worked late into the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the united states ,
after only one trip .
my gut .
three months later , i moved and the adventure continued .
before i finish the lecture , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
it grew up at a time when the average was the social norm and the local mandarin the most important person .
life hadn 't changed for centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she made a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case and a bigger sensation than she won .
" can 't " turned out to be untrue .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died a thousand miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the front door and saw her on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in a cave .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight , the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding it since this morning , " he said .
" you didn 't let go . "
if there 's a tape in our family , it runs through women .
when you see who we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who might have gotten in our lives would have gotten in our way .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i 'd like to have my own children and i still think about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yeah , i 'm afraid of privilege , of ease , of commitment .
can i give you a bow in your life that bravely defies every wave , the steady , steady motor vehicle , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this and deliver it safely , i would .
also , tan 's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't take on your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i received my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
i combined it with my previous taste for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera was the process in planning .
and when you record a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the button .
so for me , the photography seemed more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something where the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much more narrow road .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common goal to keep a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos where you have to think for a moment to figure out the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what 's the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of the day , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be done on a concrete surface .
it 's not what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects that we can all identify with in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we trick our brains because our brain simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process in combining photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our daily lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise they just look kind of wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a real result .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
combined but you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
two , combined photos should have the same dna .
and these two images meet these two requirements from the same height and the same height .
third , it 's about making it impossible to tell where the individual images start and end by connecting them seamlessly .
makes it impossible to tell how the photo was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that this is just an inside job and the bottom part was rigged .
but this picture is , in fact , completely composed of photos from different places .
personally , i think it 's easier to create a place than find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew it would take me several months to plan to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been taken on a fishing boat .
the shore is from another place .
this is from a quarry .
and yes , i even raised the house on the island of red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a realistic outcome , it is expected to be planned .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of the different images .
and here every piece is very well planned .
and then when you get good shots , the result can be pretty nice and pretty realistic .
so all the tools are present , and the only thing that limited us is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic mistakes fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced at the time of the war was to hire a replacement .
it 's not very scientific , but she puts a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think that we want to think that this is one of the main reasons why all - - maybe most of the electronic ones fail because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite , a very simple thing .
she 's got a button on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a job , as you might see .
i 've got my job at 95 kilos .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that 's where they 're also called by my family doctor so he can see where my weight problem is , not just the moment i need support or something , but with a look in the past .
there is something else .
i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , i 'm jumping on my birthday and people are already talking to me before i 'm in the car , " for lunch , just a little salad today , lucien . "
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure , to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could stop patients from smoking .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and get them to play some kind of game together to better control their health .
from next week , it goes to the market .
there 's going to be this little , uh , baby thing you put on an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor and , for example , share it with others for a little over $ 100 .
make methods that are easy to use and start hugging patients on the team .
and you can do that by methods like that , but also by means .
and one of the things we 've done , i 'd like to share with you through a short video .
we have all the navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even in our phones .
we know exactly where all the cash machines are around the corner .
we know another one where all the gas stations are .
and , of course , we can find ...
but where is the nearest hospital to help this patient ?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
no one knew where to find the next life saving .
so , what did we do ?
we 've set up a web site and we 've asked a " if you see an emergency room , please tell us where it is , when it 's open , " because sometimes it 's closed during business hours , of course .
and over 10,000 military reports have already been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we 've created a special delivery .
we 've developed an app for online dating sites , advanced reality to find this web site .
and if you 're in a city like the suburbs and someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also use your internet phone to find the next guy who can save lives .
and as of today , we would not only like this to be a product , as the product is called , but also to use it as a test .
and we want to take this to a worldwide level .
and we ask our colleagues from all over the world , from other universities , to help us behave as if they were a bunch of idiots , to keep this whole world going .
and if you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , even if it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of these .
the other thing we would like to ask is that companies all over the world are helping us to confirm this .
these could be government agents , or techs , for example , just to make sure that the registered mail carrier is still in his place .
please help us , and try to improve your health , not just a little , but to take control .
thank you .
today i will report on unexpected discoveries .
i work in the factory .
and my little start-up wants us to force ourselves to the environment by ...
... to pay attention to it .
here 's a quick video of what we do .
wait a minute .
it may take time to load .
well , we can just skip this , i 'll just skip the video instead ...
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time is already over ?
thank you .
the program is called " code for america , " and it 's kind of like the computer system for computer geeks .
we pick out a few extra shifts every year , and we get them to work with us .
instead of sending them to the third world , we 'll send them to the east .
and they developed great apps there , worked with city employees .
but what you really do is show what you can do with technology today .
so meet al .
al 's a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
how did he get to look for help that special way ?
last year , we had a team of cyber experts in boston ... on the code for america program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized the town never digs those fire hydrants .
but a certain fellow , a man by the name of erik , noticed something else , and that was that the residents were free to walk the sidewalks in front of these parts .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
you agree to shovel him when it snows .
you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
so , there 's a nice little family party .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps that have been written last year .
but she 's doing something no one else does .
it 's spreading rapidly .
there 's this guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but to get the citizens to adopt a baby .
it 's very important that these controls work , but people steal the batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check it out .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the clogged oil spill .
and chicago just brought it in , so people would come in here and do it when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
if you know anything about the dating stuff , you know it 's not usually like that .
the acquisition of software usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three people two and a half months .
it was a method where parents can find out which are the right public schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went through normal channels , it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
and that 's nothing .
there is currently a project in california justice which has cost the taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn 't work .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's been written in a few days , and then it spreads like a shot across the bow to the government 's institution .
it shows how the government can work better , not like a private company , how many people think it should .
and not even like an internet movie , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more important to this app is that it represents a new generation that affects the problem of the government not as the problem of a unified institution but as a collective action problem .
and that 's very good news , because it turns out we 're very good at what we do with digital technology .
now there 's a great community of people who make the tools we need to handle things effectively together .
it 's not just " code for america " word , there are hundreds of people all over the country who get up and write in their own communities every day .
they didn 't give up the government .
you 're terribly frustrated with her , but you don 't complain about fixing her .
and these people know something we 've lost sight of .
a lot of people gave up government today .
and if you are one of those people , i ask you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government eventually draws its power from us , remember , " we the people , " as we think about it , will influence the way that change happens .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought the government was mostly about choosing people into office .
now , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that the most important thing to do is to go to waste .
this is the service and information center .
that 's where you usually get out when you call 311 city .
so , scott 's getting this super guy .
he puts " opossum " in the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run away ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the line .
boston doesn 't just have a call center .
it has an app , an app called " citizens ' liberation " .
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the new urban mechanics office in boston .
one day , this is a preliminary report - came in - " opossum in my trash can . " can 't say if she 's dead .
how do i get it out ? "
but what happened to " citizens ' militia " is different .
scott was talking man to man .
but on " citizens of palestine " , everything is public so that everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
possum ?
turned the trash can over , went home .
good night , sweet opossum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets the physical .
and it 's also a good example of how to get the government into the system .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't mean the technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking more about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she put these two people together .
and you could have been linked to state services if needed , but a neighbor is a much better and cheaper alternative to state services .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the police , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we must remember that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that but they believe that one is the other 's input .
that our contribution to the system is to vote .
that 's because the government is like a wider ocean and politics is the supreme six inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that makes this thing that we have , and for which we pay , be something that works against us , something else , and then we take over ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the actual , uh , wedding ceremony is .
we must get into the government 's machinery .
so the police department did .
have you seen these guys ?
it 's a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed , detailed , detailed , detailed , detailed report that is an answer to the bill on the bill to the bill of rights .
it 's not political . it 's not political .
well , for those of us who have abandoned the government , it 's time we thought about the world we want to leave our children .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really believe that we can accomplish what we must without improving an institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
the good news is that technology makes it possible , the function of the government is fundamentally sustainable in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthening society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the internet , and who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
well , the age of our generation is 28 , so , unfortunately , i 'm almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up taking your voice for granted .
they do not fight this battle that we all fight to who may speak , they may all speak .
you can speak your mind on any channel at any time , and you will .
so when confronted with the government 's problem , they don 't care so much about using their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work .
and these apps are letting us use our hands to improve our communities .
it could be , like , pulling a fire hydrant , weeding weeds , turning a trash can with an opossum .
and , sure , we could have used these fire hydrants all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we 're not just consumers and we 're not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive benefits .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm going to start by showing you a single , boring slide .
... could you please show me the slide ?
this is a plastic i randomly picked out of my folder .
it 's not about the details of the foil , it 's about the general form .
this slide shows data from an analysis of us through the output of isolinear processors compared to the output of a local area network .
the interesting thing here is that this slide , like so many others we often encounter in our field , is kind of a straight curve .
in other words , every step in this room is a force of potency .
and it 's a novelty that we have to use this guy 's scale on a curved scale in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening .
this is basically what i 'm talking about here .
now , if you could turn the lights back on , please .
a little more light , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why do we draw the map of the body in the technique on the curves of the road ?
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i wanted to map another technology , let 's say , a subspace message , that would come very unreasonable on the scale of a flat line .
but when something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so if the heat wave was moving as fast as the speed it was , we could get in a taxi the day after tomorrow and in 30 seconds we 'd be in tokyo .
but that 's not so fast .
this has never been before in the history of cellular growth , this kind of exponential growth , which increases the rate of consumption every few years .
the question i want to ask you now is , when you look at these curves , you see , they don 't go on forever .
it is not possible that everything is evolving forever and ever as quickly as now .
there are two possibilities :
either this becomes a classic case , like this , until something completely new comes along , or this will happen .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if that 's true , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask , and i often ask myself , is what this new world will be like ?
what is this new state the world is slowly taking ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle .
when i was a kid , the future was somewhere in the year 2000 and people talked about what would happen in the year 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people talk about the future and you realize the future is still the year 2000 .
that 's as far as we go .
so in other words , every year , the future has shrunk by a year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason is that we realize something 's going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look into the future for 30 or 50 years because everything is gonna be so different that a simple matter of what we do now just doesn 't make any sense .
i would now like to talk about what that might be , this transition we 're currently in .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think in order to truly understand this , we need to take a step back and look at this thing on a longer line of work .
and i would like to look at this on the earth 's most beautiful .
i think the big picture makes sense when you put it in a few pieces .
so let 's go back to earth for two and a half billion years , and the earth was a great , powerful , highly concentrated , highly flammable , with a lot of airborne chemicals .
now , when you look at the way those chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
some of the chemical companies contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
those little pieces of metal , they were , in a sense , the most common of the kind .
however , in this day and age , these are not alive , because each one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and every time it was divided , the elements in it were distributed to a variety of chemicals .
so each drop was a little different .
as a matter of fact , the drops , which , for the growth , had more and more , more and more , and more chemicals from the outside , split faster .
so , this time of the year , to survive longer , and they increased to an alarming scale .
so it 's just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting when these drops learn a trick about the abstraction .
in some way that we don 't quite understand , these drops have learned the ability to write down information .
you 've learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , they found a way in this mindless evolutionary way that allowed them to write down what they were made of so that this information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information was stored over the time of two and a half billion years , where it was born , it remained the same .
in fact , the recipe is for us , our genes , the exact same code and the same spelling .
each living creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we 're ready to , just for the sake of argument , write in this code ourselves .
and i have here 100 forms of white powder , which i try to keep away from security in airports .
it contains - - what i have done is , i have taken this code - - the code is ordinary letters , which we use to represent , and i have written my business card on a piece of dna , and i added 10 times .
so if anyone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i had really been selfish , i would have written you on a virus and released you into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
writing the dna was an interesting move .
and that 's what made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , very interesting step , where things became completely different , and these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that communities formed from cells .
i don 't know if you already knew , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
that 's why , for example , the consistency grows on antibiotics .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay away from penicillin and put that information into the dna along with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria are communicating with each other .
this communication has now allowed the reasons of communities which , in a sense , were in the same boat ;
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that if a community was successful , all individuals in the community have been repeatedly and preferred by evolution .
it is now where these communities are so close that they have decided to write the recipe for the whole community into a dna strand .
and the next interesting phase lasted about another billion years .
at this point , we 've got communities , communities , communities , communities , which act together as one organism .
as a matter of fact , we are such a generous community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless with no skin cells , no brain cells , brain cells and so on .
so these communities began to evolve , so that the level of evolution was no longer the single cell , but the whole of the system we call organism .
the next step was now within these communities .
the military authorities began to gather information .
and they developed special structures that did nothing but process information inside the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the most complex that these brain cells have built .
they started training specialists inside the community , special structures responsible for learning , understanding and holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
this gave you an evolutionary advantage .
because at that time , an individual - - learning now happened within the span of a single organism 's life span instead of that evolutionary period .
so , for example , an organism could learn not to eat a particular fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now happen within the lifespan of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years before that , because this information had to be learned by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these were not yet present .
so , the nervous system has the most common use of this particular exercise because evolution could now take place within an individual .
it could take place within a time frame .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , the most popular version of this is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , convoluted and confused idea in my head .
i 'm sitting here , basically , giving off a sounding of myself , hoping to create a slightly confused idea in your head that resembles my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into sound , a sequence of sounds , and we produce something very complicated in other people 's minds .
so this allows us to function as a unified organism again .
and what we have actually done , us , humanity , is , we have begun to act .
we 're going through the same steps that have been through ... the abstraction of our methods , how we record , present , process .
the invention of language for example was a small step in that direction .
computer , computer , video , and so on , it 's all our most fundamental mechanisms we 've built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects all of us together to something much bigger , and also capable of evolving faster than we 've been .
so these days , evolution can happen in the span of time .
you 've also seen a little bit of evolution in the " s.n.t. " program right in front of you .
so , now we 've reopened the main force .
the first steps of the story i told you lasted a billion years each .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , lasted a few hundred million years .
then the next step , like language and so on , lasted less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe that the word for it is , if something increases its value .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that 's what we see here , in this winding curve .
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live professionally by building computers , and i know that i can 't use the mechanism i use to build computers without the recent advances in the computer .
my current occupation is to design objects with such high complexity that it is impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single transistor in the world does .
it has billions of them .
and she does it in part with ways that we don 't even understand yet .
a method that is particularly interesting , and what i 've been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
we 're going to set up an emergency generator in the machine that runs in the main ventilation system .
in order to set an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create an extreme program developed by random instructions .
we say , " computer , please select a hundred million random select sequences of instructions .
now , please , all of these randomly selected instructions , execute all programs , and finally , choose those closest to my standards . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's just say i want to sort out numbers , that would be a simple example i 've already used .
so find programs that can best sort numbers .
of course , the chance of accidentally selected instructions is very small , that by chance they 'll just sort numbers , so none of the instructions will actually do this .
but one of them , with a bit of luck , likes two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , take the 10 % of the sequences that came closest to my specifications .
store these , erase the rest .
now everybody who 's got the numbers best organized .
with a method of reproduction , analog for reproduction . "
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children pass the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by combinations of programs that have come a little closer to the specifications than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
rate it again .
may be causing some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations will need only a few milliseconds
and so i can run an evolution of over millions of years in the computer within a few minutes , or in a matter of hours .
finally , i get programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand .
it 's a bunch of computer programs and strange programs .
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm sure you 'll do the job because you come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i once sat in a 747 with marvin gryska , ale , and he said , " oh , look .
it says , " this plane is made up of hundreds of thousands of people working together to make their flight safer . "
we know it 's not ideal if it gets too complicated .
so we begin to rely on computers for a process that is very different from the classic case scenario .
he allows us to produce things with a much greater complexity than normal methods .
and yet we don 't fully understand the possibilities of it .
so , in a way , the technique was a little more sophisticated .
we are now using these programs to make the computers much faster so that we are able to process these trials even faster .
so it 's generating feedback .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all of these new technologies today feed on themselves .
we 're taking off .
we have come to a point which is analogous to the time that the brain cells have evolved into a form .
so we 're the amoebas , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually doing here .
we 're right in the middle of this .
but i really think something 's coming after us .
i find it very arrogant of us to say that we are the product of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is coming up , and i think i 'm gonna stop here now before i get even .
my story starts right here in , like , two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert , with blazing ali .
we were talking about that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic .
if we indians wanted to travel back then , we would jump into a car and climb over the sky .
now we do it with planes .
when the great indian boy was thirsty , he took a bow , shot into the ground and water came out .
now we 'll do it with the equipment and the machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that made me really sad .
i got a little afraid of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without the camera and no tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of technology , 50 years old , became the hottest thing for me .
it became a golden access to a world full of pirates and ships and images in my mind .
i felt like our fancy watches and cameras were keeping us from dreaming .
they stopped us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to allow magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 , i started to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that could connect readers all over the world .
it may know how we hold it .
it may know where we are .
it brings together images and lines , and animation , sound and touch .
it 's always the need for more senses .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to , like , an ipad interactive app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and it says , " this box belongs to ... " i write my name .
and i become a character in the book .
every now and then , a letter falls down for me , and the ipad knows where i live by the gps which is right to me .
the child in me is really excited about such possibilities .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i don 't mean wizard and dragon , but the spell of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i 've always found fireflies in a jar .
that 's how you have to flip the ipad and let the fireflies out .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that i was fascinated as a child that a whole galaxy could be in one marble .
and so here every book and every world is a little marble that i bring here to the magic device in the machine .
and this opens a card .
there were always maps , but these cards were static .
this map grows and glows and uses it to guide the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other parts of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important for me to make something that indian is very fashionable .
these are the test results .
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many of the people outside of india know their indian colleagues who work in the west ?
the poor wretches have been trapped in cryogenic chambers for thousands of years in an old musty book .
and we bring them back in a contemporary history for children .
it 's a story that deals with new business , like the man in charge .
as a matter of fact , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , on their computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction with the book , you 're sent to a search , you have to go outside and collect images of the ipads images of natural objects .
when i was a kid , i had a collection of animal skins , stones , fish and clams .
kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go out in a chapter and take a picture of a flower .
in another chapter , you have to put a piece of tree bark and mark it .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a fox and says , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a kid in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos you actually recorded .
there are a number of ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we 're planning an interaction using the video of the ipads and seeing an animation of elves on a plant outside the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you must make the sound of the wind , blow them away and read the rest of the book .
we all move towards a world where the forces of nature come closer to technology and in magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and our children closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jail , or prison .
i spend most of my time with the socially weakest in the areas and places where there 's a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating this is has given me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things around here that have influence all over the world .
and sometimes when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and power it doesn 't have .
i 'm saying this because i think identity is very important .
we 've seen some fantastic presentations .
i believe we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good , as a caring doctor , but you can do more .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household dominated by a family , and that was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the last word in every family squabble .
she was also the source of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a child psychologist .
her parents were born slaves in the ' 70s in virginia .
it was born around 1880 , and the experience of slavery made it very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also affectionate .
when i met her when i was a little boy , she 'd come and hug me .
she pushed me so hard , i could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i ran into her , she came up to me and said ,
and when i said no to her , she hugged me again , and when i said yes , she left me alone .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were everywhere .
i remember i must have been eight or nine that one morning i woke up and walked into the living room .
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the room staring at me .
at first i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
it was like 15 or 20 minutes , then she got up and came over to me and she grabbed me by the hand and said , " come on , bryan , you and i , we need to talk .
i remember it like it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget .
she took me outside and said , " i 'll tell you something , " but you have to promise not to .
i said , i promise , grandma .
she said , " i 'll give you my word . "
she sat me down and looked at me and said , " i want you to know that i 've been watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , " you only have to promise me three things , bryan . "
i said ok , grandma .
she said first , promise me that you 'll always love your mama .
she said , " your mama is my baby , and you have to promise you 'll always take care of her . "
i adored my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
then she said , next , promise me that you 'll always do the right thing , even if it 's hard to do the right thing .
i thought and i said yes , grandma , i promise .
after all , she said the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , i was nine years old , so i said yes , grandma , i promise .
i grew up in the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and brought this six-pack of beer with my sister and me and went to the woods with us .
we 're just fooling around like we used to .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister , and she accepted , and then they offered me one .
i said , " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
my brother said , " come on , let 's do it today , you 'll do everything we do . "
i had something your sister had .
i said , " i don 't want to , you go ahead . "
my brother stared at me .
what 's the matter with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you 're not still crazy about talking to grandma . "
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said , " granny told all the grandkids they were special .
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't .
this could be broadcast publicly .
i 'm 52 years old and i confess i 've never had a drop of alcohol .
i 'm not saying that because i think it 's virtuous , i say that because identity is power .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell the people around us things they don 't believe at first .
we can get you to do things you thought you couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren that you are special .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncles died of diseases .
and she believed that these were the issues we had to deal with .
i was trying to say something about our justice system .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in prison .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states today has the world 's highest security rating .
seven million people are on parole , or with a suspended sentence .
in my opinion , we have fundamentally changed our world .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , there is despair and despair because of these changes .
one of three black males between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , on parole , or with child pornography .
in urban communities all over the country , from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington , 50 to 60 % of all black young men are either in jail , released on parole , or on parole .
but our system is not only forged by questions that have to do with it . it is also disfigured by poverty .
we have a justice system in this country that treats you much better when you 're rich and guilty than poor and innocent .
fortune , not debt , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite content .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some developments .
my home state of alabama will permanently revoke your vote if you are prosecuted .
here and now in alabama , 34 % of the male black population permanently lost their vote .
in ten years , we have determined that in ten years , the ratings of the civil liberties union will be as high as before the passing of the house .
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns children to death in prison .
in this country , for children , life imprisonment is a life sentence with no life record .
we 've got a lot of procedures .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in key positions .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because we were taught that the real question is , does a man deserve to die for a crime he committed ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other point of view isn 't , did someone deserve to die for a crime , but did we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
to nine people we executed , one we found innocent , released from death row .
it 's an amazing story , one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly a plane if for nine planes that take off , one falls .
but somehow we can get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
i 'm talking about slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , time versus end of reconstruction , until the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-american in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many parts of the country , people had to be afraid of the water .
or bombs .
it was fear of terror that forged her life .
they say no , tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , of course , segregation and decades of racist repression and apartheid .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and so we don 't really understand the significance of our actions in historical context .
we fight all the time .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it 's hard to talk about race , and i think it 's because we 're not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that segregation is impossible to overcome without the willingness to make truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this call , but not in this country .
i did a few lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists got up after my lecture and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that .
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course , there can never be in germany again .
then a woman said , " with our history , it is impossible that we will ever speak again for the systematic killing of people . "
it would be unconscionable for us to execute people , consciously and specifically .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if there were a hundred times over .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there is this mental state .
i believe our identity is threatened .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are overshadowed by suffering , abuse , the abuse , the violence , the violence .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we 're finally talking about that we need more hope , more commitment , more commitment , more dedication to pass in a complex world .
to me , it means time to work , think and talk about the poor , the underprivileged , the ones who will never be with ted .
but thinking in a way that is integrated into our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development not just come from our minds .
they come from ideas driven by belief in our hearts .
it is this kind of thing that i think is driving us , not just to be open to all the bright and bright things , but also for the dark and the dark .
vaclav havel , the great czech politician , once said :
when we fought in eastern europe against oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual guidance , a willingness to be in hopeless places , and to be a witness .
this mental orientation is the very essence of what i believe is that the people of the world need to get involved .
there is no distinction between technology and design that allows us to be completely human , unless we have eyes and ears for poverty and injustice .
this kind of identity demands a lot more of us than we didn 't care .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i was privileged to meet rosa parks ,
so these women met and just talked .
once in a while , mrs carr called me and said to me ,
do you want to listen and listen ?
and i said , yes , i would love to .
what will you do when you get here ?
i said i 'd listen .
and i went over there and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me and said ,
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , " let 's try to fight injustice . "
we want to help people who are innocent .
we want to fight bias and discrimination against the law .
we want to get rid of life sentences without the child 's rights .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to get rid of the enemy .
i gave my usual lecture , and after that , she looked at me and said ,
she said it would make her very , very tired .
then mrs carr leaned over to me , put a finger on my face and said :
and that 's why i think that the dragon warrior should be braver .
we must find ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because in the end , our humanity depends on all our humanity .
in my work , i learned very simple things .
i learned a few simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst we 've ever done .
i think that goes for everyone on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to them , he 's not just a thief .
even killing someone isn 't just a killer .
and because it is , there is a basic human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe that in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
in the end , a society is not measured by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but by handling the poor , the condemned , the detainees .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose my balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas come forward in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced to too hard punishment .
i 'm going to jail to see a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , who 's supposed to be on trial as an adult .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something they 're not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too late thinking , my goodness , if a judge could turn us into something else , he must have magical powers .
right , bryan , the judge has powers .
you should also wish .
and because it was late and i couldn 't think straight , i started working on a proposal .
i had a mean , poor black boy as a client .
and i started with this motion , and the headline was , " proposed to my poor , destitute black client , treating as a privileged , white ,
in my motion , i explained that the prosecution and the police and the state 's law are to be considered .
there was a crazy line about how nothing is right in this country , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning , i woke up and i didn 't know if i had dreamed this crazy proposal or had actually written it .
and to my horror , i had not only written it , but sent it to the court .
a few months went by and i 'd just forgotten everything .
after all , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and plead this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed - - overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
i finally got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i was walking down the stairs to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
i said , " i 'm a lawyer . " he said , " you 're a lawyer . "
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , " i 'm so proud of you .
and i must say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability of each individual to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , " mr stevenson , did you make this crazy proposal ? "
i said , " yes , yes , yes , and then we started discussing . "
more and more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i wrote those crazy things .
police officers came in and deputy district attorney and office secretary .
in the blink of an eye , the courtroom was filled with people who were angry that we talked about color , about poverty , about inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw the janitor walk up and down .
he kept looking through the window and hearing all the noise .
he was pacing .
after all , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very worried black man , and he sat right behind me , almost on the bench .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during recess , a police officer came in , who didn 't mind the janitor being in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black guy .
he said , " what are you doing in the courtroom ? "
i have come to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far away , but that justice is not .
that we are not fully developed as humans , as long as we don 't care about human rights and values .
that all of our survival is linked to the survival of each one .
that we must combine our visions of technology and design , entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i would like to say to those of you who see it as well , simply say , do not lose sight of the target .
you have seen and heard , in this audience , an obvious wish , and you have to help and do something .
what else can we do ?
well , there are possibilities everywhere .
if you live in california , there 's a government in this spring , where it 's about actually making an effort , changing something from the legal system that usually flows into the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , over the next five years , you 'll be a billion dollars for the death penalty .
and still , 46 % of all police work doesn 't end with an arrest .
56 % of all law enforcement is not on trial .
here 's a chance to do something .
this referendum will invest the money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , crime rate has gone down in america .
that fact is often put in a context with the elevated levels .
what would you tell someone who believes that ?
well , actually , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
most of the violence in this country wasn 't really in the class of violent crime .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's where the dramatic figures come from the prisoners .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have the most beautiful , most beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , and beautiful .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think our current state of mind is helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really got a swing here .
you 're an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
bin laden 's death carries with it an increased risk of exposure .
- famine in somalia .
rogue cartels .
social decay spokesman 7 : 65 dead .
announcer :
different leaders : drug war , weapons of mass destruction .
in a recession , doomsday , egypt , syria .
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just some of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is , the media prefer to show us negative subjects because our mind is paying attention to these issues .
and there 's a very good reason for that .
every second of every day , our senses catch a lot more information than our brain can ever process .
and because nothing is more important to us than our survival , the first stop for all the information is part of our fear center , the amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our fear center .
it 's sorted and combing through all the information in search of any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , the demand " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices that serve us seven days a week , 24 hours a day with all these negative messages , it 's no wonder we 're being pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
but maybe this isn 't the case .
maybe that 's reality .
perhaps in the last century , the enormous progress we have made by a series of forces is accelerating so much that in the next three decades , it will be possible for us to create a world of energy .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems - - we 've already got a problem - -
and as humans , we are much better at anticipating problems in a very long way , but finally , to overcome them .
let 's take a look at what we 've achieved in the last century so we can anticipate the development .
over the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has more than doubled , the inflation rate of the population has tripled .
infant mortality has decreased by a tenth .
and in addition , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the ,
steve pink has shown us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of crisis .
and according to charles kenny , the tax returns in the last 130 years have gone from 25 % to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we keep raising our expectations .
in fact , we have redefined poverty .
remember that a large percentage of americans living under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , toilets , toilets , tv , air conditioning , air and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the most elite of the world , could never have dreamed of such luxuries .
the basis for many of these is technology , and these grow back .
my good friend , ray barboni , has shown us that every tool that turns into a corner of moore 's law makes every 12 to 24 months double .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the ' 70s .
now look at this curve .
that 's moore 's law for the past 100 years .
note two things at this turn .
first , how smooth it goes , for better or for worse , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
besides , despite her lack of oxygen on the left side , she runs up .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you have seen the victory of super powerful supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i once looked through the papers and looked for the best headlines i could find .
i love this , " watson defies human enemies . "
" risk " is not an easy game .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of a car .
four years ago , ray brower and i started a new university here at ted 's .
we teach our students all these technologies with special focus on how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , corporations , products and services , who , within a decade , in a positive , can give the lives of people .
think about that a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today , we can refer to dozens of companies that have done this .
when i think about creating abundance , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about creating a life of opportunity .
it 's about creating wealth out of meager possessions .
because scarcity is labor , and technology is a source of power .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers were given gold medals , and napoleon himself was given gold medals .
the king of siam , however , has been given a silver star .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is the reason why the dome of the hydrogen atom was made of aluminum .
although aluminum is taking 1 % of the aluminum , it doesn 't seem like pure metal .
it 's connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then , the technology of the soviet union was developed and made it so cheap , we use it to use our military technology .
then let 's project that analogy into the future .
today we 're thinking about the future .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is filled with more energy than we spend every year .
16 uninterrupted energy has been drained to the surface of the earth every 88 minutes .
it 's not scarcity , the problem is scarcity .
and there 's good news .
this year , for the first time , they have managed to reduce the cost of oil in india to 50 % of the price of oil .
the price of solar power has dropped by 50 % last year .
last month , it was published with a study that shows that by the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states , solar power will be six cents a pop , compared to 15 cents on national average .
and if we have a water supply , we 'll have plenty of water .
let 's talk about some of that .
do you remember when carl sagan was the ' 90s when it passed by saturn , turned back to earth ?
he took a famous picture .
" a pale blue dot . "
because we live on an earth planet .
we live on a planet that 's 70 % covered in water .
yeah , it 's 1 / 2 % salt water , 2 % ice , and we 're fighting for half the water on the planet , but there 's hope here .
and there are new technologies , not 10 or 20 years from now .
there are new arrivals on the way .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from various sources , salt water , water , latrine , all for less than two cents a liter .
the president of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a major nuclear strike with a hundred units in nuclear fuel .
and if all goes well , and i 'm very confident , coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries all over the planet .
this is an untapped innovation that exists today .
and we 've seen this at the same time .
oh , my goodness , we 're about to reach the 70 % increase in the amount of fuel in fuel reserves to the end of 2013 .
just remember , a cell phone with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better cover story than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you 're looking on google with your smart phone , you have more access to know and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no one could ever have predicted .
and it gets even better , the things that you and i spent several thousand dollars on , gps , photo , library full of books and music , technology for medical diagnostics , are now literally cheaper in your phone .
and the best part is probably what 's in the health department .
in the last month , i had the pleasure of introducing the " $ 10 million worth of added " tricorder " .
we challenge teams all over the world to connect all these technologies to each other on a cell phone so that you can talk to the device , because it 's equipped with ai , you can test your blood work .
and to win , the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of an emergency meeting where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the staff and 1.3 % of the staff of the hospital .
if this device is a virus or a virus that is not known , it calls the health department and prevents a pandemic from breaking out .
but now , to the greatest power that will lead us to a world of happiness .
i call it the next billion .
the white lines represent the population .
we just crossed the line .
and , by the way , the biggest insurance policy against an oil company is a better education and diet in the whole world .
in 2010 , we 'd just been connected to two billion people online .
by 2020 , we are expected to rise from two to five billion .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of before will join global communications .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of a full stop , i see one of the greatest economic realities in history .
these people represent hundreds of trillions of dollars that will go into the global economy .
and you will be healthier using the use of the time index , and you will be better trained by the time you have the opportunity to use the 3-d printer and the " 3d printer " , and be so much more productive than ever .
so , what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the us ?
how about a new set of new , never more wrong voices .
how about giving a voice to the oppressed , wherever they are , to attract attention and create change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about posts we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned from the x wars is that little teams , motivated by passion and focus , can create extraordinary things , things that great corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish a story that really got me excited .
there is a program that some may already know .
it 's a game called a game .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where people can use a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the history department .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by a bunch of people .
and it 's now hundreds of thousands of people playing the game online .
and it showed that in these days , the human eye shape better fold the proteins than the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a demon .
we have the capital of the world .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges and to do what is necessary .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i think it starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
and maybe i 've been in the business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own fake self to make that happen .
however , before i get to the subject of my play , let 's start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we 're about to enter the world cup .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
you know , i think that when i was a kid , i was like ,
i will refer to a statistic i hope most of you have heard of .
it 's the main source of the gas .
we 're talking about a 300 if a bat hits 300 .
that means the player must beat three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball in the back , it gets up , it doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time , and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
you know what they call a major league baseball player ?
good , really good , maybe a family portrait .
do you know what it 's called ?
that 's someone who , by the way , is probably 4 out of 10 .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player who met over 400 times during a regular season .
let 's get back to my world of medicine where i 'm more comfortable or maybe a little less comfortable after i 've talked to you about it .
if you have appendicitis , you will be referred to as a operative , which has a range of 400 in terms of brain damage .
somehow it doesn 't work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved one with a blocked throat , and your family doctor advises this one to a cardiologist whose heart rate is 200 .
but , you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's at 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think , like , the hospital nurse for a cardiologist or a nurse or an ortho nurse , an obstetrician , an obstetrician , should be a brain surgeon ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , no one in all the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a surgeon should be .
what we do , however , is that we each of them , including me , send to the world with the claim to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but no one cares about the details of how this is accomplished .
and this is the message i took in med school .
i was a compulsively graduate student .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian would study for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little study at the sisters residence at the toronto general hospital near here .
i memorized everything .
in my study , i learned the origins and the branches of each artery , each branch of each artery , which was punctured by the aorta , obscure and common artery .
i even knew the differential in order to make up for differential calculus .
and all the time i was gathering more and more knowledge .
and i was good , i graduated cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as close to perfection as possible , i would be immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was stationed at a teaching hospital here in toronto , as mrs. drucker was brought to me in the hospital 's teaching hospital .
at that time , i was assigned to the assigned duty roster .
and it was my mission , when the council of trustees was seeking the advice of the chief of staff .
and to report back to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i listened to her , she made a sound .
and when i cut off her chest with the nasal bone , i could hear a crackling sound on both sides that told me she was suffering from congestive heart failure .
it 's a condition where the heart fails , instead of pumping all the blood , a portion of the blood is lodged in the lungs and slowly fills it , so the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a hard diagnosis to diagnose .
i hired her and i got the treatment .
i gave her aspirin , gave her medicine to take the pressure off her heart .
i gave her medicine , which we call the blood , water pills , so she could drain the fluid .
and over a period of an hour and a half to two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and i made my first mistake , i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and do what i should have done , which would have been a phone call to my attending to check with him , so he 'd have had a chance to get his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i acted that way , and so i would be able to provide for my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home , i disobeyed a quiet voice inside me , trying to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea . "
in fact , i had so much confidence that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. drucker , " do you think it would be okay if she went home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and an ambulance came in and brought them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , the night i had this feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive the car home when i did something i didn 't normally do .
i went through the service road on my way home .
and there said another nurse , not the nurse who looked after mrs. drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most of the magic words i know .
other doctors are also afraid of these , but the most important thing is that we only see patients so slightly .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse to be objective .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular pitch .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived at home , after i sent her home , she and the family called 911 , and the police department put her back on the list with a blood pressure from 50 , that 's a dangerous shock .
she barely breathed and turned blue .
it 's all the rage .
you gave her a free pass .
they 've attached it to the front door .
i was shocked and deeply disturbed .
and i was going through this roller coaster because she went to the icu after the surgery , and i was hoping that she would recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never awaken .
she had suffered some undiagnosed brain damage .
her family gathered together .
and over the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to what happened .
on the 25th day you left mrs. drucker , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say that you never forget the names of those who love .
and that was the first time i 've heard this myself .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of shameful shame .
the unhealthy way i talk about is the one that makes you sick inside .
it 's the one that tells you not what you 've done is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't my fault , he was very sweet .
he talked to the family , and i 'm sure he was going to balance the waters and make sure i wasn 't sued .
but i kept asking myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it was .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun came out and i said maybe i could feel better .
and i acted out that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake , the voice could be silenced .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at a nearby hospital north of toronto , and i was serving a 25-year-old man with his throat slit .
it was busy and i was in a hurry .
he used to point here .
i looked down my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door , he pointed to his throat .
two days later , i came to my next staff meeting , and my chief asked me to talk to your office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" remember the patient with the irritated throat ? "
it turns out he 's a top cop .
he had a potentially infectious disease called " the heart disease . "
you can google that , but it 's not an infection of the blood , it 's the upper airway , and it 's causing the airway .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he got some intravenous drug and recovered a few days later .
and i went back through the same ordeal of shame and self-doubt , felt liberated and went back to work until it happened again and again and again .
i 've missed appendicitis twice in a week .
there 's a lot to it , especially considering you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at that time .
in either case , i didn 't send you home , and i don 't think there were any flaws in your treatment .
one thought i had kidney stones .
i ordered the chest x-ray of the kidneys , and when it wasn 't found , my colleague , during the patient 's chest x-ray , set up a chest x-ray in the lower right sector and called the hospital .
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i have ordered the captain to be debriefed and asked my colleagues to examine him as well .
and so he did , and when he found a mass in the right lower sector , he called the emergency evacuation .
both cases were operated and they were fine .
both cases were on me , ate me .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues say is total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem : if i can 't make my mistakes and talk about them , if i can hear the quiet voice that tells me what really didn 't happen , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same mistakes ?
if i go into a room like right now , i have no idea what you think of me .
when was the last time you heard of someone who said failure about failure ?
oh , yeah , you go to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that an orthopedist in my hospital would have taken someone 's leg , believe me , i have trouble looking him in the eye .
that 's the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it 's a system where there are two basic positions , the ones that make mistakes , the ones that don 't make them , the ones that limit sleep sleep sleep sleep and no restrictions , the bad results and the good results .
it 's almost an ideological reaction , like antibodies attacking a person .
and there 's the idea that if we ban those who make mistakes from medicine that we have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i 've learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day , when one out of ten is either a false or a false or a false or a false or , in which the field is always and always more and more often and more destructive or dead .
in this state , there are about 24,000 canadians who die of unnatural mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine ... the number is 100,000 .
both are strong , because we don 't see the problem exactly as we should .
and it 's the most beautiful .
we can 't keep up .
sleep deprivation is everywhere .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error , so we can use a perfect surgical procedure for a patient with chest pain .
and then i take the same patient with a big mouth , make him sweaty and chatty and give him a little bit of a breath , and suddenly the story is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot , i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars , they don 't always tell me their symptoms the same way .
in a nutshell , mistakes are inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i was taught , and you eliminate all of the world 's most corrupt , there 's no one left .
and you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , you hit your head , then look down and swallow hard , and start telling your stories .
they want to share their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i made . "
what you need is an environment that puts you in a position .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a man , white for his humanity , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but put everything in them to learn so it can be passed on .
she shares her experiences with others .
she supports when others talk about her mistakes .
and she shows others their faults , not to expose , but in a loving , caring way , so that they all benefit .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and when they do , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i am the newly defined doctor .
i 'm human , i make mistakes .
i 'm sorry , but i 'm trying to learn best from it to pass it on .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me close with three of my own words , i remember .
i 'm gonna talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's about ...
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i 'll tell you three stories first to use time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you must know he was here .
they may think he was hunting finches , but that 's not true .
actually , he was collecting fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was a ...
until the ' 80s , he was fished in style .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
we 've heard this story many times of the shadow or other places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're still getting to the point .
we still think they 're original .
the brochures still describe them as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is to make a different concept , to the more precise , the more precise .
because i saw it when i was studying a lagoon in ' 71 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced that i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and a few mangrove trees .
there was an elevation of about 20 centimeters , an elevation of the jugular vein .
the rate of these fish were very low and the fishermen lived well and made money in ghana above average .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half its size .
mature , measuring five centimeters .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to still be there .
so nothing has changed , and yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells of my complicity in the introduction of the southeast asia .
back in the ' 70s , back in the ' 60s , europe was a big hit .
in the end , the land which has already captured 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing of this rather ugly ship is called " the 4 . "
i went along with it , and we made bumps all over the south china sea , especially in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we caught there .
i now know it was the reason of the sea .
90 % of our product was sponges , other animals connected to the reason .
the most part of the fish , the little dots there on the wreckage , the debris , the debris , it was a waste .
in essence , the reason of the sea came on deck and was set back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition goes very quickly .
within a year , you perform a survey and then you start with the fishing .
the reason is changed because , in this case , a hard reason or soft coral becomes a crap .
it 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we caught one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill her because they were good to eat .
in fact , this mountain is being accumulated by fishermen every time they go into areas that have never been fished .
it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
we 'll adjust our phase parameters to the new level and not remember what was there .
this is what happens when you do it .
there are some good things on the ice , some good things , the number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
it changes in time , it changes , because for people , their actions are natural .
each generation considers the images they take in at the beginning of their conscious life as a standard and will derive all from it .
the difference is perceived as a loss .
but you don 't accept the previous losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want to do is get the wretched remains .
that 's what we 're after now .
we want to preserve things that have disappeared or things that are not what they were .
you might now think that the problem was about people who , for sure , lived in the same societies , killed animals and only became aware of what they had done after a few generations .
because apparently , an animal that was very common is rarely once before it grows .
so you don 't lose a lot of animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that is why it is not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea are the big fish .
they 're rare because we catch them .
with time , there 's not much fish left , and we think it 's the best .
the question is , why do people accept that ?
well , because you don 't know that it used to be different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence , as you did in an earlier form , is not how you would like to present the evidence .
for example , there is the fact that the report of a captain so-and-so , who has been watching a big television show in this area can 't be used , or is not generally considered , because it 's not " scientific . "
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
it shows the huge , huge role that can be played by an actor .
because we 're basically restoring the past through the past .
we can restore the past that people can 't understand , because the changes in time and are very low .
with this , the people who see a human eye and who benefit from the insight that allows them to reset their neural pathways .
what about the people who can 't do that because they don 't have access to the people in the midwest , for example ?
here , i think , the art and the film might fill the gap , as well as simulations .
this is the simulation of the chesapeake bay .
a long time ago , there was a place called ... 500 years ago .
and the " avatar . "
when you think about " avatar , " when you think about why people were so touched by it , except for the " avatar " , why were they so touched by the " avatar " ?
because it was something that was lost in a way .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give , is to cameron , so he can shoot " avatar ii " underwater .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , when you had a typewriter , you had to register it at the government .
you also had to register a sheet of paper from this typewriter .
the reason the government was able to trace where a text came from .
if they found an article with false ideas , they could track the author of those thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do something like that and how that would limit the freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do that .
it happens to us today .
and no one seems upset about that .
and that was an example in which our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three main locations of the existing data centers today .
let 's take a look at what really happens in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we have three security cameras .
there 's a time limit .
for example , here , this is mr .
and the motives of animal attacks are very easy to understand .
these people make money .
they use money to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
there are several known cases of gang violence , drug traffickers who made their money by attacks .
this is vladimir nikolayevich , from estonia in estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn hasle .
this is matthew anderson , tariq .
two months ago , the intelligence service froze the swiss account of mr. sam baily here , and in this account , it was $ 500,000 when it was frozen .
the whereabouts are unknown .
and i submit that today is more likely that we will be victims of a crime than a crime in the real world .
and it is very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play online .
the second largest intelligence agency we can watch today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else - - protests , an opinion , or your audience .
groups like anonymous have moved up over the last 12 months , and have become one of the most popular in the field .
so , these are the three criminals who do it for money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments who run the attacks .
that 's where we have cases , like the one we have .
it shows exemplary what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
it is a matter of fact . it is a secret from the netherlands .
last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , because it had been hacked .
someone broke in and hacked the system .
and last week at a meeting with dutch officials , i asked one of the leaders of this group if he thought it was possible that because of the people in charge had died .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in the wake of a hack like that ?
- what ?
they 're selling dime bags .
what are you gonna do with that ?
well , a certificate requires , if you have a web site with an employee 's license , like , uh ...
you can if you want to join a foreign
you 're gonna have to hack into the computer .
and that 's exactly what happened in the event of the accident .
what about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
in egypt , in april of 2011 , the insurgents raided the headquarters of the egyptian secret police , and they found a lot of files .
in these files , there was a folder called " the wire . "
and in this folder were notes from a local company in germany who had sold some programs to the egyptian government that they , in a very large extent , could intercept any communication from the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program to the egyptian government .
it 's right here .
so the western governments of western governments are supplying the governments of the united nations with the power to fight against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago , found the so-called " bird " , which was a trojan , used by the germans to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're a suspect in a criminal investigation , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
you tap into your internet connection .
they 're using funds like the original computer to use a trojan who allows them to monitor all their communications , tap their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , the obvious answer would be , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that reasoning makes no sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not an option .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
and while we may trust our governments in the year of 2011 every right we give is forever .
and trust us , do we blindly trust any future government , a government we may have in fifty years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of the social clubs .
in 1868 , the first of which were made , and in 1868 , a simple idea made , a single made of cement made with established measurements .
in a very short time , the world has become the world 's most popular .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , stone after stone .
in essence , the time had become the most important of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out with this .
it was called the " automatic stone " .
and within a few years , legos moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
legos basically took the most basic , the most basic of the world , and turned it into a model for our imagination .
in the meantime , the same year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced , the next of kin .
the transistor was a small burst of light that would take us from a world of static , static , building blocks to a world where everything was in the universe .
like the cinder block , the transistor allows us to build much larger , more complex , more complex , one stone at a time .
but there 's a transistor radio , the transistor was only for experts .
personally , i don 't accept the fact that our time is reserved for experts , so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the power of engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a couple of years ago , i started to develop my own .
let me show you how they work .
i 'm not sure .
they are the light , the sound , the engine and the sensor .
and the best part is that they connect with magnets .
you can 't put them together the wrong way .
the stones are stone .
green is issue , blue is power , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build a bigger one very quickly .
you put a blue one on a green one and you can turn the light on .
you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you made a little extra .
take the switch out to insert a gps device that 's here , and you 've made a little blinker .
add these buzzer sounds to an additional effect , and you 've made a motion machine .
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond the simple game , the game is actually quite powerful .
instead of programming , wiring , or solder , you can be programmed with simple , everyday gestures .
so in order to speed up or slow down the signal , just turn this button and it 'll slow the pulse down or slow it down .
the idea behind the scenes is that it 's a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in this world into a stone that is not .
lights , sounds , power lines , engines all should be available .
we 've been handing out video equipment to kids and seeing them play with it .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn at school .
like how a night light works , or why the doors of the elevator , or how an ipod reacts to touch .
we 've also taken care of .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that started playing as material .
here we see , with felt , paper and water bottles , like ...
a couple of weeks ago , we brought in some paper samples , and we gave them a couple of forms that had no technical experience , just cardboard , wood and paper , and said , " do something . "
here 's an example of a project that you did , a very , very , very , very , very , very ...
but wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster made of dough that 's afraid in the dark .
for this time of year , electronics became just another material .
and we want to make this material available to everyone .
so it 's open source .
you can go to the website , download all the data files and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creators of the cast because this world we live in is ours .
so go ahead and start inventing .
thank you .
