and of course , we all share the same .
we are all born .
we 're going through .
we have to deal with death , and so should not surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the song , the rhythm of dance .
all these people teach us that there are other ways to navigate .
and this is an idea that , when you think about , can only do with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of the world , the life that the earth is , and for the good of the earth as important as the most basic .
it is the great legacy of mankind .
it is the symbol of all of what we are and what we are capable of as an astonishing species .
and just as , as the strength of the mountain , this , with the wind , only more speed .
and the decisive indicator is the extinction of languages .
when each of you were born in this room , there were 6,000 languages .
now , a language is not only the whole of the world , or a series .
a language is expression of the human mind .
it is a means that the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material .
every language is like a forest of mind , a turning , a thought , a spiritual .
and of these 6,000 languages , today , while we sit here in monterey , half of which are not whispered in the ears of children .
they will no longer be taught , so if nothing is done , they are dead .
what could be more lonely than to be in silence , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , have no way to pass the wisdom of the ancestors , or hope ?
and yet , this terrible fate , in the fate of a man , in the earth , for of all two weeks , for for for two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last words of an old .
let it be . "
and then suddenly you would suddenly see what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
therefore , i would like to take you on a journey today , a short journey through the mountains , to try to make you understand what actually went .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different ways of being . "
take , for example , this child , in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the earth , believe that they , who , from the east , from the belly of holy snakes .
this is a people , a people , which is not the difference between the color blue and green , because the forest that people depend on is equal .
you have a strange language , and a language called " a " . you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
all the strange things in the past , the strange of these great houses , which , due to the number six or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
they just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most powerful tribes i 've ever lived with , the world in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who first to be in peace in 1958 .
in the year of 1957 , five missionaries tried to contact and made a mistake .
they threw bright pictures of themselves from the air , which we would , as a friendly gesture , and they forgot that these people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen anything .
they took these photographs from the village , tried to look behind the face or the figure , found nothing , nothing , that these are the devil 's business cards and killed the five missionaries .
but not only did they kill , not only outsiders with the spear .
they each other .
54 % of the deaths occurred in the past .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces and determine which side of this .
in order to make sense of this sensation , i , of course , had to know something about this remarkable belief of knowledge and voodoo is not a cult of black .
on the contrary , it is a complex , complex .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to raise the big ones , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism ,
a continent is always left out , because the guess was that there was no religious faith in a , of course there was , and voodoo is just the remnants of these very , very , very , very , religious thoughts , during the tragic ,
but what voodoo makes so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living bear the spirits .
the spirits can , from under the great water , the answer to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , so that for a brief moment the god .
they like to say , " you white people go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god .
and because you are possessed , you are taken by the spirit .
you see these amazing demonstrations , in a fire , the burning coal without burning , an amazing , the ability of the mind to control the body so that it can , when it becomes an extreme .
well , of all the people that i 've met , the southern nevada de santa marta , the southern .
the descendants of the ancient civilization , who , who , who , in the end , and in the conquest , this people , who , in the form of a vast and powerful .
in a european continent , these people were the only that were never conquered by the spanish .
until this day , they will be ruled by an elite , but the training to be the most extraordinary .
and during all this time , you will be introduced to the cultural values of your society .
you have to protect it .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we who are the younger brothers responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
so , natives are neither sentimental , nor are they weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he is a place of mind or a pile of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor which defines the relationship between nature .
i grew up in the forests of british colombia , and i believed that these woods were to become a slave .
well , when you start to see the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries .
it 's a picture i only took in the amazon last april .
this is , of which many of you have heard , the most powerful compound from the shaman .
this plant contains some very , very , very , very , very similar .
in case you have ever seen the way you 've seen this stuff , this substance , which it contains in different ways .
this powder to the cold is about to be fired from a sea of electricity .
it is not a distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
but the thing about the thing with the , is that they can 't be taken , because , through a in the human intestine , they , of course , become , with names .
they can only be used in connection with some other chemicals that the mao .
now , the fascinating is that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
how can these people from a flora of 80,000 different species can find these two , not relatives , which , if combined in that way , create a kind of version , so that the whole is bigger than the sum ?
we use this great euphemism , try and mistake , which turns out meaningless .
but ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so , what does that mean ?
this tribe , the people of the , have 17 variations of which they all know at a distance in the forest , which appear to us .
and then you ask her how to use her , and they say , " i thought you understood something about plants .
and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out , each of the 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to one in a different kind .
well , that doesn 't get you a phd at harvard , but it 's much more interesting than counting .
well , the problem is that even among us , who have sympathy for the situation of the natives , to see them as a kind , but to the past , while the real world .
all cultures have always joined the dance with new ones .
and the problem is not technology .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
not change and technology , the integrity of power , the ugly face of domination .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i , for many , the ugly face of political domination .
you know , genocide , human extinction is generally convicted , but the , the destruction of man 's way , is not only judged , but generally celebrated and celebrated .
and you cannot understand the suffering , if you have not .
the father of this young man 's father was identified as followers of the dalai lama .
that meant he was killed during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with his holiness , to the temple that brought people to nepal .
his mother , his mother , his mother , was locked in for punishment for the crime .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two years to hide beneath her , because she couldn 't live without .
the sister who committed this brave deed was brought to a feast .
one day one day , she accidentally stepped on a bracelet and she had to work for seven years .
the suffering can be unbearable , but the spirit of man is a little more .
and in the end , we are truly a choice .
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolution , which brought us to agriculture , and in this moment , the cult of the dragon , the poetry of the shaman , replaced by the prose and hierarchy , and made only 10,000 .
the modern industrial world as we know it is hardly 300 .
well , this superficial story doesn 't tell me that we all have answers to the challenges we face for millennia .
if we ask these countless , of the meaning of this , answer with 10,000 different voices .
here is a picture i took at the north end of the mountain , when i went to the top of the mountain , and this man , who told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always been well dealt with , and during the years of our reign , they were forced to move in .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life , took away all the weapons and tools .
now , you must know that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
they were originally made by fish wrapped in fish .
the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the night or the storm .
and when the feces began to freeze , he carved them in the form of a .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog .
he , the dog , the dog , the dog , the dog , the dog , the dog , and a sleigh , and a dog , and then , over the side with the belt .
you can do nothing .
and this , in many ways , is a symbol of the resistance of the natives .
the canadian government , in april 1999 , gave the full control of an area greater than california and texas .
it is our new homeland , and it is called the .
it 's an independent territory .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can make amends with its people .
and in the end , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to those distant ends of the earth , to realize that they are not even removed .
you 're someone 's favorite .
and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children .
what we at national geographic in the end is that we believe politicians never achieve .
we believe that , we believe that , we believe that , we believe that , but we believe that the world can change the world , and therefore we are probably the best institution in the world .
nations are sending our special forces .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many digital photos here , which you can always swing and wave , in any way .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at , how big these images are or how big they are .
most of them are digital pictures of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the camera and it 's in a section of 300 .
it makes no difference , because the only thing that can limit the power of a system like this is the number on your screen at any moment .
this is a whole book , an example .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that it really is a text and not a picture , we can do something like that , to really show that this is a real picture and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a case of the guardian .
every big picture is the beginning of a movie .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a magazine or a newspaper , which is a medium with several .
we also did something on the corner of this particular issue of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution that is much higher than a normal ad , and we added extra .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see it here .
or other models , or even technical specs .
and this really brings up these ideas , these restrictions for the available space on the screen .
we hope that means no more , no more , no more nonsense .
of course , the , of course , the , of course , is one of the most obvious , the technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we will also contribute .
but these are all roads in the streets .
up on the top of nasa .
let 's get something else .
this is even live on the internet .
this is a project , with the name of , which really connects two different technologies .
one is the one , and the other is a very , very good research , which , by noah , one of the university of washington , under the consultation of steve
and , rick , was run by microsoft research .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that , if we create this kind of view where we can penetrate through images and that experience of multiple resolution .
but it is , in fact , the order of images .
i 'm not sure i still have time to show you other things .
there are those who are much more .
we had to worry about the lawyers .
so , these are all , and they all stand together in that way .
and we can navigate that very simple .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception .
i suppose you can see that these are many different kinds of cameras , everything is , from the top to professional , a pretty large number of them all patched up .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange .
many of them are covered by faces .
somewhere here is a series of photographs - here .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was recorded .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of the environment .
the point is here that we can do things with the social environment , and now , data from all of the collective memory , as visual , the earth looks and everything .
all these photos will be linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum .
you receive a model that comes from all over .
consider this to be the sequel to the work of stephen ... to earth .
and this is something that , through the complexity that people use , grow , and the use for the user is growing .
their own photos will be filled with the same .
and , of course , by-product of all of which are the vast , virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , which were not only received by satellite or satellite and so on , but by collective .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within years , all images used by someone in the world together ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want , you can make it between the pictures .
and she does this because of the picture .
and this is really exciting , when you think about the wealth of information that many have .
like when when they do a camera for pictures where they enter sentences and the text of the website contains a lot of information about which picture .
but how would it be if the picture connects you with all your pictures ?
it 's a classic .
congratulations .
thank you .
i will tell you some things from my book that , as i hope , in harmony with other things you 've already heard , and i will try to make some connections , if you haven 't .
i want to start with what i call " official . "
what 's official ?
the official of all western societies .
the official business is , if our goal is our goal , the most of our citizens , this is , through the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom in itself is good , valuable , useful , a more suitable condition for human .
when people have freedom , each of us act for ourselves to do the things that our common and no one has to decide .
the path to freedom is choice .
the more people who have , the more freedom , and the more freedom they have , the more common .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply , that no one would think it .
and it is deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what allows us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say a few things .
so this is like the supermarket .
and then they go to the business of a stereo , a cd player , radio , and in this one , there 's so many electronics .
we can put together millions of different stereo from the components offered in this one .
you must admit , it is a great choice .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have any phone you wanted as long as he came from ma .
you rented your phone .
it was a consequence that the phone was never broken .
these days are over .
we now have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle of --
and if you haven 't seen this in your business , you can be sure you will .
and what it does , it makes people go into business and ask .
now you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other forms of life , a much more powerful than buying objects , the same explosion .
it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you we could do a , or we could do b .
a has the advantages and risks .
b has the advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says , " a has these benefits and risks and b has the benefits and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there is an enormous marketing for people like you and me , that , thinking about it makes no sense because we don 't .
if we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change in the matter .
a something as , as our identity is now a matter of choice , to show this foil .
we do not inherit identity , we invent .
and we invent as much as we want .
it means that every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the marriage was that almost everyone had and that they got married as soon as they could .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did .
nowadays everything is easy .
i teach wonderful intelligent students and i give them 20 % less work than i used to .
and that not because they 're less smart , not because they 're less careful .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i marry or not ?
shall i marry later ?
they 're all questions .
and you will answer these questions , regardless of whether it means doing all the tasks i give you and not getting a good grade .
and in fact , you should .
we work we are blessed , as carl has made , with which we can work every minute of every day from every place on the planet to randolph .
there , by the way , there 's a corner that i won 't tell anyone that works .
i won 't tell you because i want to .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work , again and again , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our phone on one hip , and our blackberry on other hip , and our laptop , probably on our lap .
and even though they are all shut down , every minute we watch our kid mutilate a dog , we wonder , should i take that call ?
should i answer that e-mail ?
and even though the answer to the question " no , " it will surely be your experience of your child 's sacrifice very differently .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a choice .
and the world we lived in .
i mean to say , there were some , but not everything was a question .
and the world we now live .
and the question is , is that good news or bad ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna be bad .
all these , all of these , have two effects , two negative effects .
an effect , in a way , is that it is paralyzed instead .
with so many options you can choose , it 's hard to decide .
i will give you another example of a study of investment in volunteers .
a colleague of mine , had access to the , of the , the giant , of about a million employees and about 2,000 different .
and what she found was the 10 times the employer offered , took two percent .
you offer 50 % of 30 to 30 % less employees than if only five .
because it 's 50 , 50 , who are to choose , it 's so hard to decide which to choose , that they 'll postpone .
and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never .
by not to participate , they give to us $ 5,000 a year on the money that would have been happy .
paralysis is a result of too many .
and i think it makes the world look that way .
you really want to make the right decision when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment , or even the wrong .
the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less content with the outcome of choice than if we had the option .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything that is disappointing for the choice you make .
second of which , which is the name .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning by telling how much the way we assess things depends on what we compare .
well , if there are many choices to consider , it is simply to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives that you rule out makes you less satisfied with the alternatives you chose .
for those of you who are not new , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive .
beautiful beach .
the man thinks it 's august .
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right in front of my house .
and he spends two weeks chasing the thought he missed the chance to have a great parking day .
and we , we , we , we , we , we , , even if what we choose is fantastic .
and the more possibilities there are , the more attractive qualities of the selection are considered in .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he makes a statement about living now , and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point , which he makes , whenever you decide for one thing , you decide not to .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and what they do will make less attractive .
three :
this hit me when i wanted to change my jeans .
i wear jeans , mostly .
so went to buy new jeans after many years of the old , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , here 's my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want slender , light or wide ?
do you want buttons or zipper ?
you want jeans with holes ?
if you want to cut down , cut , cut , blah , blah , and so on .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i would like the kind that used to be . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour with all those damn jeans , and left the business , and i tell the truth with the best jeans i ever had .
i had it better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try to explain .
the reason i felt worse , with all the possibilities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 ways , damn , one of them should have been perfect .
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared to what i had , what i expected , and what i was disappointing compared to what i expected .
the , of the , in the life of people , the expectations that people have about how good these will be .
and this brings to less satisfaction with results , even if the results are good .
no one in the world of man knows , because if they did , they all wouldn 't know what this is .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that things used to be better than anything was worse than anything worse , it was possible for people to experience .
today , in the world in which we live in , we , rich , respectable citizens , with perfection the best you can ever hope for .
they will never be pleasant because their expectations , my expectations .
the secret to the secret , the secret for which they all have come , the secret to , is low expectations .
i would like to say a brief moment that i am married to a woman , and she is really wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling is not always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the results of decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world .
and so it is so that , in general , we feel better , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official , the one we all think is right , completely wrong .
there is no question that a little choice is better than none , but it does not , which is a better choice .
there 's a magic crowd .
i 'm pretty sure we 've missed this point for a long time , making our selection better .
now , as a simple question , i am almost done , as a policy , the thing about thinking , which allows all these choices in the most profitable society is the material .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many , whose problem is not too much .
your problem is you have too little .
so the things i talk about are a strange problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what is so frustrating and so frustrating , steve , he told you yesterday about how those expensive and difficult to do , it 's a waste .
what i tell you is that these expensive , complicated decisions , it 's not easy they don 't .
they even hurt .
they make us worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions to the societies where people would have too few choices would not only improve people 's lives , but our dignity .
it 's called an application .
i will make it better for everyone , not only to the poor , for all those great choices .
in conclusion , please read this cartoon , and , a sophisticated person , says , " ah !
you know nothing is possible in this .
and that 's the way i read it .
but the more i thought about it , the more i thought the fish knew .
because the truth is that if you break the , so that anything is possible , you have no freedom .
if you break the flow , so that anything is possible , you lower the satisfaction .
they increase the paralysis and the satisfaction .
everyone needs an extra .
this is almost with complete security , perhaps even for the fish , definitely for us .
but that , lost , lost by a lost , is a recipe for misery , and , i guess , disaster .
thank you .
you know , i 've talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups .
in fact , from a new point , we have the biology , and now we try to get from digital code into a new phase of biology by creating new life .
we have always tried to ask important questions .
it 's something i think a lot of people have tried to understand and on different levels .
we have tried different approaches to make it easier on the most basic components .
we , for almost 20 years , and when we , the most , the change from the world of biology to digital .
now , are we trying to wonder if we can regenerate or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , the one who has the smallest genome of a species that can itself in the lab , and we tried to replicate it with a smaller genome .
we managed to give up , like , a hundred genes from the 500 or something .
therefore , we have decided that the only way forward is to , in fact , which allows us to vary and so to ask some of these questions .
and that 's how we started with the question , can we get a double ?
does chemistry create these really big molecules that have never been done ?
so , if we can do that , can we start the bidding ?
and , by the way , it 's just a piece of chemical material .
our steps in life , our steps were exponentially .
our ability to write genetic code has evolved very slowly , but still , and our last point would now set on a more narrow curve .
we started 15 years ago .
it , in fact , took a few years to begin with a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out ,
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world who can make small pieces of dna for 30 to 50 , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes .
so we had to develop a new method that we put together these little pieces and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the " b. "
it 's a little virus that kills bacteria .
we cut small pieces , made a small , and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of toxic chemical and put it into a chemical , and it began to read the genetic code and made particles .
then the particles of the particles were then released from the cells and came back and killed e.
the other day , i spoke to the police , and they said that they were very specific .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation in software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to start digital information on the computer , that digital information must really be flawless .
when we first got the genome , in ' 95 , it was a mistake for 10,000 .
if we had used the original sequence it would never have been possible .
a part of the design is to create pieces which are 50 letters long , and which with other , which to build smaller pieces to match .
we have unique elements here .
they may have heard that we 've put in some kind .
think about it , we have a code , a , c , g and t .
in these letters , these letters , for about 20 , and here , there is a single purpose for each .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first we only signed .
some people were disappointed that it wasn 't poetry .
we built the pieces so that we could just cut them with a stick , and there are enzymes that fix them and put them together .
and we have started to create pieces , beginning with pieces , which , with pieces , which , in which , in which , to put together , to restore .
in each step , we produced these pieces in excess so that we could make them , because we were trying to create a very lucrative process they 'll see in a minute .
we were trying to get to the point .
well , it looks like a ...
when we get to these really big pieces , with over a hundred thousand , they won 't just grow in e. it 's beyond the possibilities of modern , and so we turned to other .
we knew of a mechanism known by a mechanism called the , which the biology used to repair dna that could form .
there is an example of it , there is an organism known to survive the 3 million wheel of radiation .
you see , in the upper field , that his brain just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything was back together .
we have thousands of organisms that can .
these organisms can become completely drained , even in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life can exist in space and move , searching for conditions .
in fact , nasa has shown that there are a lot of them out there .
here is a sample of the molecule that we made using these trials , in fact , we only used with the right design of the pieces .
it 's not a , it 's a regular .
it is such a large molecule , that we can even see with the eye .
these are recordings over a period of six .
this is the paper we just finished .
it 's the largest molecule of structure ever created .
it 's got over 300 million .
if we would print it out with a 10 and without a print , it would be in 142 pages , only for this genetic code .
well , how do we start an engine ?
it is obvious that with a virus is very simple .
it 's just easier , when you do it in , like we do , you just take out and you put in another , and that 's exactly what they all heard about cloning .
in the time of death , it is , in the cell , but only recently we have shown that you can perform a full transplant from one cell to another and activate .
the new master went to the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to keep the process .
this is the basic of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here who have taken in a second , or a third from somewhere , every time thousands of species in just a second to a species .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that changes at a time , have missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes known to be called " the actually digest dna .
it was in the cell , which was in the cell , none of the chromosomes we already added .
it was left in the cell , and the other , as foreign material , and so , in the end , we only had a cell with a new one .
it turned blue because of the genes we had .
and after a very short time , all of the species had lost and completely in a new species based on the new software we put in .
all the proteins changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like a sound , but we can , by moving forward , changing things pretty dramatically .
now i have argued that this is not the genesis which is based on three billion years of evolution
and i have argued that we may be about to create a new form of the explosion where there could be massive new energy based on this digital design .
why should we ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we are about six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for anyone who has existed in 1946 within 40 years .
we have problems with food and fresh water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion .
there will be a challenge for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 500 billion barrels of oil .
when we think about biological trials or any process to replace , it will be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we now , from our discoveries from all over the world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the future .
the , had a dozen components and look at the variety .
we are here in the first line to the boundaries of biological reality and of our imagination .
we now have technology today because of this fast , to do what we call genetic .
we now have the opportunity to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you imagine making these 20 million different genes , or making these trials to make new or new vaccines , we can change with a small team more than the last 20 .
and it 's just , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
this is a recording of real energy that we work with that you actually sit and know new species on the computer .
you know , we do not know what it will look , we know exactly what their genetic code will look .
we now concentrate on the fourth generation .
you 've recently seen corn on corn , which is just a bad experiment .
we have , of the , of the third generation , which will soon come out , which will have much higher ground , like or different species .
but , as we think , the only way that biology will have a great influence with no further increase in food or lack of its ability , when we see co2 as carbon dioxide , and so we work this way .
and we think we will be the first with the fourth generation , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we all have different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the north , about a mile deep , near the north .
it changes co2 in methane , using hydrogen as a power source .
we are to see if we can use carbon co2 , which could easily be brought , convert the co2 into fuel to process .
within a brief period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the basic questions of life .
you know , we , we really , really , really , really , we have , like , a substitute for the entire industry .
but just as we work right now , to use the same approaches for the development .
you 've seen it this year with the flu , we 're always in the back a year and have a dollar too little when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think it can be changed by creating a nuclear vaccine in the gamma quadrant .
this is , as the future could possibly look with changes , can now be accelerated by synthetic bacteria , bacteria , and eventually .
we are light-years away from improving people , our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly .
on the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the council .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
and for all those who weren 't there , the most scientific experiment ever had .
his task is to create the conditions which , less than a second after the beginning of the universe , and that to 600 million in a second .
it 's just ...
this is the machine below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of these , uh ...
i work on this one .
here a picture of the atlas in the construction so that you can see .
on september 10 last year , the machine was the first .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused tremendous cheering in the control room .
it is a picture of the first , which the entire route around the globe , deliberately with a part of the triangle to leave a rain of particles on the wall .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i do not know whether this made the greatest joy , or this , when someone visited the google side and so forth .
it means we reached a cultural influence next to the scientific .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wooden wires
these wires , the wires , when the machine goes on .
well , the engineers among them will look and say , " no , they don 't .
you can do that , because when you cool it , they become called .
so , at minus degrees , colder than space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections , between the most powerful magnets in the field , there was an energy surge .
thus , the wires , the wires , the wires , the wires , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ...
this was the result .
well , all this is even more impressive , if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and push around .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and had to remove what we did .
we new it .
they 're all back on their way .
by the end of march , the end of march will be restored .
we will turn it on , and expect to be able to collect first dates in june or july and continue our journey to find out what the universe is .
well , of course , in a way , accidents like this again , the debate to the value of science and power on such borders .
i think the fact that it is so hard , the fact that we are reaching beyond our borders , is the value of things .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my profession , but it 's more than that .
it is also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i do not expect that to change .
however , something strange has happened in my life and my career , which has made me completely rethink my relationship .
the result is that i , no matter where i come , be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously - - doomed !
for , for example , are you worried about me and say , " do you not fear that you will never prevail ?
are you not afraid that you will live your whole life and never create a book that interests anyone in the world ?
okay , that 's real courage .
people said , " do you not fear never success ?
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection ?
do you not fear that thou , that thou , thy work , and that thou shall die on a pile of broken dreams , thy mouth filled with the bitter of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is :
yeah , i 'm afraid of all these .
and i always did .
and i fear even more things that no one would .
like algae and other things .
but when it comes to writing , i think about it , and i wonder , why ?
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid to do the work he feels ?
and what exactly is going on with the creative business , that making us insecure about the mental state in a way other professions don 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist he was asked to be .
with you , john - how are you ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemist , for the centuries , have not received the reputation of people .
but we , writers , we , we , we , we , the , the , the , of all , the creative of all , seem to have this reputation , mentally unstable .
all you have to do is to look at the bitter , of really great minds alone from the 20th century , who died young and often .
and even those who did not commit suicide , seemed really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer , just before he died in his last interview , every one of my books killed me .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life .
the question i want to ask everyone today is , is this idea for you ?
because with only one inch away , i don 't feel comfortable with that .
i find it disgusting .
and i find it dangerous , and i don 't want to see it taken to the next century .
i think it better to live our great creative .
and i definitely know that in my situation , it would be very dangerous to begin , that dark path of guess , in which i am in my career .
you see , i 'm very young .
i may have another 40 in me .
and it is most likely that everything i will write from now on will be judged by the world as the work that came after the awesome success of my last book , right ?
i say it straight , because we are all friends here ... it is most likely that my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking at 9 : 00 in the morning and i don 't .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the time , it seems to me , to keep writing , some kind of psychological construct .
somehow , from now on , i must find a way to write a safe distance between me and my very natural sense of how the reaction will be written .
this search led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , for the circle will close .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a sort of divine , which comes from a distant , unknown source to man for inexplicable , unknown .
the greeks used to call these divine , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
from socrates is known that he believed that he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of spirit a genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked , right ?
the artist of the art was protected by certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't see everything for you .
if your work is not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how people in the west really thought about creativity .
it is the beginning of the beginning , and people began to believe that creativity came from its own .
for the first time in history , people hear this or the artist call a genius instead of a genius .
i must tell you , i think it was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
the disfigured and twisted and the whole ego , and it creates all of these endless expectations of success .
i i think that this man who has destroyed our artists for the last 500 years .
and , if that 's true , and i think it 's -
can we change ?
perhaps to an understanding of the relationship between humans and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can not just wipe out it from 500 years old .
and there surely there are people in this audience who would , indeed , a reasonable scientific doubt about the concept of , basically , fairies , the people , and so on .
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this trip .
but the question i want is why ?
why not think about it ?
because it makes as much sense as anything else i 've heard about , when it was about explaining the absolutely insane , creative process .
a process which , as everyone knows , who has ever tried to do something , so in other words , everyone here , is not always reasonable .
in fact , sometimes , he can feel more .
she said it was like a train of air ,
who would rise above the land .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew that in a moment like this she could only do one , and that in her words , racing like the devil .
and then there were those moments - the part i will never forget - she said there were moments when she almost missed .
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on paper .
in these occasions , the poem was perfect and intact on paper but backwards from the last word .
when i heard that , i thought it was scary , it 's exactly how my creative process works .
it 's not like my creative process . i 'm not the channel .
i am a mule , to work i have to get up every day at the same time and sweat , sweat , and really uncomfortable .
but even i , i , i , i sometimes , i , i , i , i ...
and i guess many of them did .
even i had work , or ideas , which , from a source through me that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we face in relationship without losing our minds , but to keep us in the opposite of sanity ?
for me is the best living example of how to do this , the musician tom waits .
we talked about the subject , and , you know , most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist , who tried to , those creative impulses that lived in him , and with them .
but then he got older and calmer , he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed .
he has no piece of paper , he has no pen , he has no tape .
so he starts to rise up this old , like in him , i will lose this thing , and i will forever be followed by this song .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished all the work and did something completely .
he just looked into the sky and said , " sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ?
do i look like i can write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a moment when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go and torture leonard cohen .
he changed .
not work itself .
there could be a miraculous , miraculous , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the most ...
when i heard that story , it changed the way i worked , and it saved me .
not only bad , but the worst of all .
i began to think i should just put the project .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken in the sky and i tried .
so i lifted my gaze from the manuscript and i spoke my comment on an empty corner of the room .
i said , " listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you see that i invest everything i have .
so if you want better , you have to show up here and keep your end .
but if you don 't , you know what , then to hell .
i 'll keep writing , because that 's my job .
and i would , please , to record that i was here today for my part of the job .
for , in the end , in the end , in centuries , in the deserts of men , with sacred and music , for hours .
these parties were always great , because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every now and again , very rare , something special happened , one of the actors actually got .
and i know that you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen a performance in your life .
it was as if time stood still , and the dancer , walking through a sort of portal , doing nothing but before .
and suddenly , he no longer appeared human .
he was lit from the inside and lit from the bottom , and everything , through a divine fire .
when something like that happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magic , and , of allah , ol , and allah , great , bravo , it is :
and that 's great , because we need this .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday , and he no longer has a shred of god .
he is merely a mortal with his knees , and perhaps he will never rise again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name again , when he turns , but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most spectacular corrections of a creative life .
but perhaps it may not be so full of pain , if , from the very beginning , you did not believe that the most fundamental aspects of your existence .
if you may only believe that you are a loan from a source for a time of your life passed on to someone else when you 're done .
when we start thinking about it , things change .
so i started to think , and so i , i , for the past few months , while working on the book that will soon appear ... as the dangerous , terrifying successor of my epic .
what i have to keep telling myself , when i get crazy about it , don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
be still for your contribution , whatever it may .
when your job is dancing , dance .
if the foolish , divine genius who is to your side , decide , for a brief moment to show a touch of wonder through your effort , then ol !
and if not , dance .
for you .
i believe in it and i feel like we should teach .
for you , in spite of all , for you , that you have the pure love and love to be .
thank you .
thank you .
ol !
last year , i showed these two , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
but this is not strong enough to the seriousness of this particular problem , since it does not show the fat .
in a certain sense , the most powerful , the heart of our global .
it grows in winter and grows in summer .
the next plastic i 'll show you is a piece of what 's happened for the last 25 years .
it 's marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the autumn , this is the annual ice in winter and it 's shrinking in the summer .
" the so-called , " five years old or older , is almost like blood , which from the body .
in 25 years , it will be gone from here .
this is a problem , because the warming the frozen reason for the rising ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , when it is driven by microbes .
compared with all the amount of material in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we cross that critical .
today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane itself .
professor , walter of the university in alaska , has traveled to another flat lake last winter .
wow !
the question is how are we .
and a reason is , this vast , industrial , it warms greenland from the north .
this is a very powerful .
but the volume is much bigger than ever .
this is the floating river in southeast greenland .
if you want to know how the sea level rises through the sea .
these rivers take rapidly .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the greatest on the planet .
last month , scientists reported that the entire continent now has a negative .
and the oil that has appeared over a few blocks is particularly strong .
this is 20 feet , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the mountain of the mountain , they see new lakes that were glaciers .
40 % of all the people in the world get half of their money from this .
in the andes , this glacier is the land for this city .
i 've got a lot to do .
but when they dry , most of the drinking .
in california , in california , a 40 year old , was seen by the sierra .
this is the main .
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this is the world of the world , which leads to a dramatic increase .
and the disasters everywhere in the world have , in a very , very , very , very , very , very .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a complete and total .
if you see this in historical context , you can see what it does .
in the last five years , we have 70 million tons of co2 produced every 24 hours , 25 million tons each day .
look at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent west and west of the indian land , where there is a drop of the sea .
the greatest factor of the global warming , next to nuclear , which makes 20 % , is burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states are one of the two greatest , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build many more .
but we start to see a change .
here are those who have been painted in the last few years with some green alternatives .
there is a political conflict in our country .
and the , the , the , and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
this picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , at my home in tennessee , a billion tons .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is in all of our land , of america .
this happened at christmas .
one of the commercials for christmas .
frosty is a jolly fellow .
it is in a shell and in the capital of america , and it helps our economy .
frosty , the sun will get cleaner every day .
he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , he is , and he is , and workers will be paid and bread .
this is the source of most money in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey .
al gore , nancy , harry reid .
so the alliance has called for two campaigns .
this is a part of her .
we , at the time of the year , we see , as a serious danger to our business .
that 's why we put it to the supreme court , to spend a considerable amount of money on the way to the truth .
the fact is money isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good
so , don 't worry about the wedding .
leave that to us .
you 've heard a lot .
so let us take a tour of this modern , clean ,
this machine is pretty loud .
but it is the sound of the clean .
and yet the burning of coal , the burning of coal is one of the top of global warming , the remarkably clean , which you see here changes everything .
take a good look , this is today , clean .
finally , the positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in crisis , economy , national security , the economy .
the red thread that connects them all , is our addiction to the , like dirty money and foreign oil .
but now there is a brave new solution to free us from this predicament .
america , with 100 % clean electricity , in the next 10 years
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
i want america new .
this is the last .
it 's about an american policy .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , who suffocate our world .
the future is here .
new investments to do well .
it is time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to come far , go together .
we have to get far , fast .
thank you .
i would like to begin by asking you to go back to the time of your childhood when you were playing .
while they realized how to put your hands on your hands , your hands , your hands , your hands , and your movement , they actually learned to think , and to solve problems .
the thinking is close to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so touching that we decided to explore the answer and develop .
in short , a computer is a computer in the size of a computer .
they can be moved by hand , they can feel each other , they can pick up their movements , and they have a screen and a screen .
more importantly , are physical , which is why , like , you can only reach through your hands and reach .
and the , the , the , are an example of a new generation of digital data .
and if these tools become physical and form a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the finer points of our relationship with them , then we can begin with exploration and development .
i 'll start with a few simple things .
and when i throw it in one direction , the video goes forward , when i throw it in the other , it goes backwards .
and those painted portraits take true .
so if i put it together , it 'll make you interested .
when they 're surrounded by the trees , they notice and can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and inclination .
an interesting episode of the interactions that we began to realize was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like to pour colors like this .
in this case , the three of us , we have set up three of us , and i can use it to pour paint in the middle where they 're mixed .
if we overdo it , we can do a little .
there are also also some nice opportunities in education as languages , mathematics or mathematics , where we give people the opportunity of the fast and the results .
here i am ... this is a piece of work that i create with a simple .
it 's a game with words that 's a kind of mix of scrabble .
in principle , you get every round of every kind , and , while trying to make words , these are tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , mixed again , and you have a new , new possibilities .
thank you .
these are some children who came on a trip to the media lab .
they really loved it .
an interesting circumstance in this kind of thing is that you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words , " and you know exactly what to do .
there are a few people here to test .
that 's our youngest , most likely down there .
it turns out he just wanted to pile up .
so , to him , they were nothing .
this is a highly irregular .
we were trying to develop an energy program .
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by picking up the weight of the table that shows .
this is the sun .
the sun
now he gets a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the wings , and he can make the characters ...
... invent his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end and he can decide how it develops .
flying cat .
the last example , for which today i have time to show it , is a sound , for which we have recently developed and in the sound of bass and drums .
each has four different variations , you can choose which you want .
and you can put these sounds into the sequence , which , in any way , can order .
and you feed them , just to hold a man 's head .
there are effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone , and then you turn it .
and then the effects of the effects of speed and volume that you use on the entire sequence .
let 's see .
we shall begin , in which we shall , in which we shall , in two , and in a series , expand and add a little more .
now i add a bass .
now i 'll do some drums .
and now i connect the filter with the drums so i can live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by blowing the tempo one way .
and now i connect the filter with the bass for a little more .
i can change the sequence as it goes .
so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and in conclusion , i can block out the whole sequence by leaning to the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new forms that are better suited to how our brains and bodies .
and today , i had time to give you part of this new , and some of the possibilities of what we 're working on .
the thought that i want to give to you on the way is that on the threshold of this new generation , from the digital interaction with media bringing information to our world .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to you all !
hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , so , what do you want ?
i have to , i have to , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
i 've been studying and studying , and i 've been studying , and i 've been studying , because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted closer to matter , so .
i think that , in general , now , in general , the most common talk , all that matters , synthetic biology and so on .
extremely important is , now is extremely important and much more , more important .
there are such things as all these different plants on the surface .
now , there is now craig , in the oil fields , trying to make , so fuel .
among , there are things that have come to the daily , which most people are not aware of , for example , who allow us to wash with forty degrees .
and the list can go on forever .
and so out of the interest in this technology , i just went in .
why hack ?
most people know most people .
computer hack , and then , in the media , the hackers break in and steal and stuff .
it 's kind of sad for the sad , because it 's not what she actually started and what it is .
and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the internet .
and it 's about , in a creative , original way , solving a problem .
and it 's just , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
but it 's also a code , and you can also program it , and you can hack it , so , and i find it incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get in .
it actually only took 2,000 , actually . those networks .
there , there , there , there , dot , it is originally from switzerland , which is with europe and with cooperation in india , but now members or active people all over the world .
but it 's always about finding such a easy way to have such an understanding .
and then there 's , like , " dot . "
it 's a network from the world , it 's actually more of a forum where you just meet and discuss .
they are a little technical , and a little more sophisticated on the way , so , applied questions .
and judging from those who made the whole thing popular , a scene that i want to make .
here in the picture on the left , you can see , it 's a school , a kind of private school , community , where anyone can .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what you can do when those lights on .
down here on the left there 's a group in indonesia , which means they 've been .
longer than these other two networks .
they also , in such an artistic aspect of biological materials , and , yes , and , and , yes , they also combine it in quite a way .
and i , up on the other picture , i have a lecture in copenhagen at the medical museum with an exhibition .
and that is , yes , that is , mostly young people , but the only thing that unites you all is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do , and what you can do with it , and to ask , so , okay , what do you want ?
so , in order to hack biology , you need material .
you , of course , need biological materials , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you normally understand under a laboratory , they are , like , machines , extremely expensive , extremely distant , only for academic and so on .
and our approach was just to say , that you don 't have to .
it 's not really necessary , because each of each of them has actually developed technology higher than most , really .
and o , with this , with this , with this , brian , in england , trying to put together , and , like , a , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , like , and , and , and , and ,
so anyone who 's ever had a soup that he left too long has .
i , i , i , i , in my lab , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and this , this , this , this , this , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ,
and yeah , well , you can see , it 's relatively relative , so there are people who do it alone , to bigger organizations , who do more .
and , and , and then it was about , yeah , who are we , what do we , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values and what are our values , our basis ?
and that 's when we worked out such a thing .
that was rather intuitive , so everyone just , their , and what moves them , then .
there , in my opinion , a very good code .
and then we , we , we , we , that , but that , i , i think , has quite well , people are quite convinced .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't .
so , i think we , in the way , we are a step further than the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects are we ?
making a project that i did with in switzerland , was that we wanted an optical trap or optical tweezers .
you can tell .
and then , we then , we , we , we , we , the brenner , and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and that didn 't work , but we still learned a lot .
another project from the french group that worked , it 's pretty cool .
and he 's got such a , such a , such a , such a thing , or something , so , he 's been busy with , his favorite is sam .
then he made this helmet , and in cooperation with the museum .
then the visitors could enter into the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then their brain waves were measured , and depending on what they thought or how they thought , different lights went on .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states , which has to do with this kind of thing , it 's the most complicated word .
so it 's just to copy genes , to reproduce , multiply , multiply , make them visible .
and the machines that do something like that , which are pretty expensive , which buy commercial , the cheapest go at 4,000 .
and it 's not in the , but it 's a really cool technology that can .
so this is just an application of many .
i think it 's kind of $ , or something .
but in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a frame where it is .
so it 's in my opinion , a very powerful hack .
a project that i started the other day was to build .
it is , yeah , like a kind of , like , a , like , two inches or something .
when you load , you load , and you , and you , and then i , i , i shot onions , and then i made them glow .
so the device you see , it didn 't work .
but this is so my prototype , my prototype , which looked pretty , on a branch , the thing on it , electronics and pressure , but the pressure was too high .
and then i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
when you make it full of water , it 's got enough pressure , so i think it 's about 40 to 12 .
and with that , you can speed up the particles strong enough and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial , it costs , like , 1 , 000 euros , or something , 50 .
so it 's not the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that , at the moment , is that the , the , of the scene , to increase that of technology and to increase the information and the ability that more people can .
because , as in at the beginning , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people have relatively little knowledge of it , and no chance of really forming .
because , when you only read about it , from books , it 's not the same as when you did it .
and i think technology is always more important in our modern societies .
and if you , as citizens , as the people of the society , you want to make decisions in society , and to speak , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to do and understand .
and the , and the , then , under the open and citizen science .
so that , as a citizen , you can be dealt with these scientific technologies .
and this is the most beautiful of all .
these are the people who at least officially signed on the web site .
that 's quite a number of people in the world .
and interesting is that you are also in southeast asia .
i believe they are , there are fewer people in there than they actually exist .
so i know of some who didn 't .
and now these are just the , the individual .
in part , with these , too , in these places .
and that 's the beginning .
like i said , it only started .
and , so , the , the , the , the , in berlin was the first .
and this has now become a giant network of very good , yes , well , that are all over the world .
and , of course , we , of course , hope , that we , we , too , are as well connected , so that people can get involved .
and i would invite every once in a while to deal with it and try it .
it 's not so simple now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , then you come .
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
hello .
how do people work ?
that is a question that moves me very , very , very , very , but also in the area in the field and most of all .
it 's about how you meet people in the media , so that they can use the media to create an experience .
because i believe that in the media , in us , the , the , the , the , of which , in our biological memory , have been programmed for a very , very , very long time , and that we can bring back the media .
and that is very amazing , because you actually believe , that the , you , who you see , that it actually brings you to the future , but in fact , the future is with us .
what are the models ?
i once wrote down four , i want to explain .
to the , of , cognitive and models , these are the models we have taken in the most times .
in these models , we have , in principle , natural .
that sounds unusual in principle .
i will , but i will , but i will , and i will try to prove that you have a natural relationship .
the second aspect is that since this , because of this , we are able to speak very , very figuratively , although we use a language these days .
and the third section , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the media , by definition , is , which , in the means , which , of course , tells us that we feel the average .
the fourth point is that history is a place for us .
how is now with the one with the one that is the most important thing in the world .
let me show you .
how many doors does the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer that right now , but this is what 's gonna happen and it 's happening right now .
you walk through this house in spirit , where you live , and look at how many doors .
and that 's exactly what they do .
the reality , without computers .
fantastic , right ?
and then we try to , for example , the virtual reality in our reality , and we can actually do that all the time .
and these , this fortune , the virtual , the reality , the people in the times of the day , they had nothing .
they had no books .
or they didn 't have any .
they didn 't have any .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in that head , memory .
in this head , knowledge , and the use of these virtual images , which have just been passed .
and that 's why it is so strong in us , that we can deal with this .
the interesting thing about it is to take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at that time , human being , and medium .
if you think a little more .
what are media ?
then they will realize there 's been a change .
but that 's what i 'm about to say .
i 've always been .
shaman , priests , priests , so-called , were specially cut to keep knowledge .
and even today we are still very , very strong .
" the author of the book of the animal , " jonathan " , according to the book , we still spend a year with the front of stories .
that means for a child , who , to reach the most of his life , spent with the front of stories .
now we think , our love for stories depends on us as a child on our parents .
no , no , far .
it goes way back , in the cultures of time .
but for me , but for me , in the section of the media , as most impressive , that we , by se , have in our biological memory , the ability to think .
i have brought you an example of the sacred tribe .
and life lived in british columbia .
and as , as you can see , it is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and they did it with so called the .
you might know that , if you care a little about the australian .
they have similar principles .
they don 't , they don , but they used , like , the , like , the , uh ...
and what the interesting thing about it is that the navigation and the areas of the region could be pictures of songs .
although the language was the language of the rank .
it means , you talk about sound and rhythm .
and these sounds , and that rhythm , the geology , the , of a region , and that , of course , made it possible that you could put those songs together and put it to the left , to the right .
why don 't we sing to come from a to b ?
not to navigate .
what happened ?
that 's what happened .
we used to move before in the so-called .
when the book happened and the book happened and it happened .
and that is exactly what happened , that we have the responsibility for our memories and the production of our individual memories .
the book and the picture .
so , we , alas , have a way to forget .
suddenly , a stranger has become a stranger to us and has nothing to do with reality .
from the top to the head .
what has influences on our thoughts and our memories ?
then these are the most advanced influences in the most advanced cultures .
and they will be more and more and more , over the centuries , by the influences .
that , instead , instead of remembering , we , we , we , in many , many patterns of memories that we can depend on .
we no longer produce .
we have an abstract language .
we can no longer imagine things in pictures , not in pictures , but we use them .
we got used to things happening .
and we have accepted the law , and there are only exceptions , such .
what we have left is the most .
still , we are still , we are , the most , arrested .
the question is , what now ?
we had the , we had the , we had the , and we now walk the so-called .
that sounds very , very , very , very , very much like science fiction , i know .
but these concepts of the word , they bring us these opportunities to discover our abilities .
it 's about , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , uh ...
let me explain .
there are technical concepts , for example , the reality , which means the advanced reality .
as crazy as it may sound in the context of my sense , we physically move in not virtual , virtual worlds , by the example .
and others a different example are the most intelligent .
these are rooms that can be intelligent .
all of this need the ability to accept our ability to create a reality .
i graduated , and i hope the video works , a very , very , very nice project , that 's the most beautiful of michael ...
and the two of them .
maybe you can get up for a while so they can talk about the project .
and this project , for example , i have brought this project , as it is addressed to these , cognitive models .
the whole thing is a game .
which , of course , which , of course , is extremely powerful , and it is .
and when i say , when i say , you are most likely to see that some people in front of some kind or playing with the console .
in any case you do .
it 's a game for outside .
and that is what i thought , that i discover the outside , so that i discover the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce with the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you can explain it much better , there 's more .
and the point is that i discover a city by looking , which places positive or negative .
and so , from the city , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i see , and positive zones of a city , and so in this way , a very , very virtual map .
and we can see that now .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a little explanation of what you see .
of course , this virtual world lives in the walls of our cities .
and with a kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this sack is a talking sack and mine .
he won 't .
i will also dissolve what 's in there .
but i 'm a little curious .
yes , children are naturally curious or should be curious , designer .
i , i am from home , so i , of course , i , of course , with the subject of curiosity and how the curiosity changes our thinking , and why maybe we lose curiosity and drink it again .
it 's a whole series of things that you deal with next to the real life as an art .
when the professors get curious , they often become so .
and that 's what i 've had in the last half .
it 's a matter of natural interface design .
now they will wonder , why do all of the world 's leaders start with so natural , natural , most of communication , interaction and so on .
and there i only think of one of these little devices , because things are supposed to become more and more natural , more and more , and that 's what people are , of course , which is intuitive .
so i 've been busy , when is , natural or intuitive .
you might need to take another look .
why does that even happen ?
so , if we look at the development of our society , here , we move from the third to the fourth .
so , from the modern to the new .
every society is marked by a society .
in the beginning , through the language .
it means , you , you found , so that you spoke a common language , you could communicate with each other , moved into the same or in other areas , formed cities or villages .
it was the language , a very natural , something very .
you had to learn , too , so no infant can speak of nature , but we learn it , and of course .
it was then replaced by the ancient society and the first form of the earth .
it was then , because , of , of course , the living language , in the form of writing , which , which is , which , which is , and alive , i start , and so ,
the , as i , as i , and when , of course , it is a completely different story , as if there is one .
but , then , in a while , the writing , was drawn .
then the next generation , where we actually live today .
it 's just the by the pressure , the writing with the other .
at the time it was an insult , as nobility , clergy , and others said , if the people start to read , then they want to talk , and that 's totally .
that , of course , makes us totally confused , because on one side , the new media , social media , facebook , and so on .
and these two worlds are about to bang on , new and old .
the exciting thing is , when you look at it , this new society , this new , this , the , the , the many of the principles , principles ,
but now , not on local level , but on a global .
we understand the weather is global .
that the subject is a business .
not when i think this place , and the neighbor thinks less , the whole thing won 't work .
it means , from the local village , a village has actually become , with the same principles , as natural , as intuitive , but total transparency .
the way you knew back in the village , who with whom , and when , it happens these days , over this expansion of our own , through this very , very global .
be it that we know , we know global , and we always get better .
just as it happened in the village .
before the background , i was busy looking , what does it mean , for us , of course , what have we forgotten , what is instinct , so what difference ?
because people often come , people , they can 't make it so everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change that it 's different , it 's better .
you , you , you , you , you , while you study , with the subject of perception .
and that , of course , is something where you start and look and say , okay , now i just look inside .
what does it look like ?
so how do we work when we look ?
and what is , of course , intuitive and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive process ?
because steve jobs once said , you need to dig to how it works .
so you really have to look in detail , when i want to do something , or intuitive , which means the core .
and to see how we process information , how do we record ?
what 's information ?
information is any difference that makes a difference .
many use the word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i need to understand in the essence , in the essence , when will information , when will information and information from information , so i know how to make things as intuitive or natural .
and , of course , and , of course , how does design affect perception .
so much more natural , in a vessel , but i , in a manner of speaking , where is salt and pepper .
and when i tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , he 'll figure out where .
and , on the left , just reach intuitive and then hopefully , that there 's no sugar in it .
but even our perception , how can she deceive us .
like this perception .
the right circle is bigger than the little one , though it 's not the case , but they are just as big , and yet our perception changes after what context .
anybody know what that is ?
come on .
it should still work .
it 's more like my glasses .
it 's a circle .
a second circle is beginning to look a certain resemblance .
that 's what they call it . it 's called a , or just , like , the kind that affects us .
they usually have the first semester .
near , near , the , the continuity and all .
often in the third then forgotten .
but this is an important part , if you want to make things as intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is very interesting .
it sounds very banal , but it 's exciting when you get closer .
so we have eyes in the front , and now they think we 're looking backwards .
that 's wrong .
you see from behind .
because they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they see something they recognize .
that means , we shall first see , before we see it , bring it back to the back of our heads to say ,
i have such a cognitive , you have something you want .
that 's there , that 'll come back .
and then it goes again , because the back doesn 't dare , and says , now you really look again and make sure that what you see is what you want .
and then it goes back , and then you see .
so a very , very exciting process , how certain things go and what things happen .
i do not know which of you .
that 's exactly what i described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see .
i don 't know who knows .
anybody see anything ?
it 's a big one .
once i saw that once , that there 's an inside , you know .
you 'll never forget , because i 'll show you where .
now , you see .
and go on , now you see him .
which means , i have now , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , in no time , have to see that dog in this picture .
and this is this projection of the image , vision .
now i know , and now i 'm going to the front , that i see .
i see the light .
so , very , very , very exciting trials , which then in this , yes , it 's not gray , but it just goes in this mass .
anybody know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know , something takes three seconds , until i , in a way , from the present , i can , i can , too , a very , very , very , very , very well .
he has to process it .
then it goes into the past , and so i can , for example , bypass the computer when i know this phenomenon .
what takes 25 ?
yes .
it 's a very interesting phenomenon .
that 's the time you fall in love .
that means , if you know that now , watch who you look for for for how long , because i don 't take credit for what can happen .
and sixteen , even a very exciting phenomenon .
this is the period of the time of most we have .
that means this first impression will happen in a rapid speed , as we perceive .
and as we see things that we watch , and how we , in a way , to protect ourselves against our environment , so that we can think .
of course , of course , not only is the , of , not only , with the subject of , uh , the , uh ...
so how is a man with certain things .
there once , there , there are the practical functions , so ... .. so ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
i know exactly where to reach .
but there are also symbolic functions , why is someone for such a small purse , where there is no such thing as money , although it 's not practical ?
there we are , we are , we are , we , on the , of which , of course , we are .
back to my topic of natural interface and the subject , which , of course , is .
i can always , how can i achieve a certain goal , or how can a man in a certain capacity as effective , efficient and adequate .
that 's the norm .
how can i do something as possible ?
if i can do it , or i need a manual or i need a proper training .
and it 's less , or less .
that i only do it differently and make it better .
you have to understand .
but it 's not only since the apple is an apple , a more powerful , if i just want to harness human equipment .
why ?
because , in rule , we , through this new kind of , so the natural user , for example , is five times the average .
you have to imagine that if you do something of the classic , you need five hours and with this new kind of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean that you can probably go home for four hours , but your employer , or anyone else , he 'll figure out how to do it with the four hours .
but i want to say , that , of course , it is for us to achieve certain things .
if we then , once we return to the part of the software , here the first command line , which were very abstract where it took months to deal with these systems .
and then the next , the next , with a model or a mental model like the software , worked , you would have an idea of something , the metaphor , to harness the computer .
so no more zeros and a , or a code , but a metaphor .
it made the whole thing a lot more , but it 's a lot better .
the next generation of the next generation of the world 's greatest , has worked much more .
so , as i , as i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , as a , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
it 's also such a thing .
that i , all of a sudden , that the look is always , for success , and that , of course , will become a star .
and if i , one more step into this individual of natural , where i , by voice , by touch , by touch , by touch , by gesture , and not by mouse , to control things , then i 'm even faster .
but that leads me back to the point , from when do things actually go ?
if when you become a man , and then i have to try my little friend here again and look , what does that mean , from the point of view ?
and this is for us people is always a little intuitive when i have to think about it .
so apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he just wants to .
the less i think about it , the less i think about it .
and what does that mean to the designer ?
so , when we , when we see that we can , from one to another , for example , the metaphor , then i can use it as a tool .
that means i can , i can , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
the question , of course , of course , is , what is the most beautiful of us , and now i have .
that 's what the so-called .
the use of each of us , and each of us is an acronym , and it stands for , uh , direction , information ,
that 's what everybody does all the time , but he does it subconsciously , and , yeah , kind of intuitive or partly .
the model is already worn out in the womb and it is , so it works all over the world , and is used by us all the time without most of us knowing that there is .
it 's , it 's , like , 50 or 50 of us , depending on activity , so in sleep , you realize that it will be less frequent .
i can now , i can now , i can , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and through this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the brain , but now no more a metaphor , a metaphor .
and this is on a higher grail than the transmission of a classic metaphor , because of .
then i can transfer it .
i 'm gonna try it on a computer .
everybody ate cake .
now , i , in a way , with the object , can go back .
i get the whole , i can now filter this , and i can say , just show me everything with chocolate .
and i suddenly have an interface , which is much more and more natural .
i want to give you a certain aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot be learned .
that is why everyone who are here and curious , in fact , people who have a quality you can 't .
i am now about , practically , all of this , the end of the world , 40 years of service .
and there 's a central point .
and it depends on phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day , they give , plus , they give , like two grams of phosphorus , and every day , they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can 't have teeth .
you can 't save energy .
you can 't have bones .
all we could do is slip through the cracks .
if we , in fact , do not take and pass .
it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
because they all talk about energy , but no one talks about it .
it 's much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we have only for two years of phosphorus , and now , through the world , more uranium to the environment than is used in all directions .
only in the last 20 years , the last 20 tons of uranium have been distributed in our fields in germany .
and we 'll take it all .
it makes leukemia with kids .
and we think we would protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less .
protect the environment , make less .
protect the environment , less energy .
it 's not protection .
it 's like if i said , protect your child , only three times .
it 's just a little less destruction .
when we think from the cradle to the stretcher , our whole earth will become a graveyard .
to think of the cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground first .
in the ground , over 60 % of the money .
right now , we build corn and lose between 11 and 30 pounds , 30 tons per acre or square .
that means we lose in the ground about five thousand times more than new .
we can , of course , look at the light .
and everything is the package .
for example , for example , at the age of 20 % of the time , diapers .
and because we grow older , the diapers grow .
that 's them , they 're all in the world .
yeah ?
a baby needs , like , a diaper .
we could , of course , reduce it to ten percent , but what 's that ?
it 'll settle in china in a second .
nothing .
so the question is , how do we deal with these ?
here , proof that men are not pigs .
let me tell you .
because the phosphorus will be handed to the pigs over the solid .
people over urine .
yeah .
so men cannot be pigs .
because that 's a deal , right ?
in the traditional , we think in the , we are too many .
and when people , when people , when people , when they say , you better , you wouldn 't be there , and then they 'll become hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there is nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in israel they say , when you save a human life , you save the earth .
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
first question is , are we too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more .
i may i , too , but in the united states no one likes termites , so far , even though they 're vegetarian .
that means the ants weigh more than we .
and because they work physically harder than we , and because they only live three to six months , they match in their weight , a little .
that means we 're not too many .
they can only be more powerful , if they don 't exist .
the only chance .
have you ever seen a tree before ?
yeah ?
one ?
that means our intelligence means we want to be more stupid than trees .
yeah ?
there 's no tree .
fortunately , yes ?
there are no trees .
there are , alone in the forest , still a billion trees .
have you ever heard of trees ?
which means all our intelligence means that we want to be more stupid than trees .
and where you can see , even with something like a mountain , the land of agriculture , is not allowed to return our own .
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorus that really need to go back .
too many .
alone .
that means we feel so guilty on earth that we say , there is no , no , no , no , no , no , and as they all say , allowing our own .
isn 't that sad ?
too many .
i think it makes sense to be less harmful to the cause .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our partial footprint , but it 's about having a large footprint .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's best not to be there .
yeah ?
you can only have , if you 're not .
even if they shot themselves now , they would have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can .
we can get our nutrients back .
we make in brazil farming in which we win back the nutrients .
in that way we can get nutrients back in agriculture .
we do in china , for example , where we take the waste .
in china in china , a chamber is called a chamber of grass .
and in our western world we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
it means , the whole , the whole , the whole western , it , that the city has always taken but never returned .
so the cities had to grow more and more , because the farmers went into cities and the cities had to go further .
so all the western rich are always expanding until they can no longer make the infrastructure , and then they are .
yeah ?
it was different in china .
the civilization was made for over five thousand years because you were always able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when you are invited to dinner in china , you expect to stay until you go to the bathroom .
because it 's rude to go and take the nutrients .
she was invited to dinner .
that means you can see on the internet how to get the nutrients back .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate to go back to 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , to be as bad .
we can support them to be good .
of course , it is , of course , but the facilities carry .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are so designed by the design that a farmer can simply cast .
that means , that 's the back .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw a gallon of water and then it would be ruined for years .
it won 't .
that means we don 't have to control people , to be as bad .
we can support them to be good .
that means we have to get phosphorus .
and , by the way , if you want to do something , write down , in germany , the best fit for all the gold .
unfortunately , not , but maybe you can help the guy .
because the frankfurt facility could best win back the phosphorus .
and he has to go .
we can see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we see that we can .
we 've been in holland for over three years .
the dutch government has declared that they will be the first country in the world , which is phosphorus .
but we need all that .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world .
there 's a bunch of fucking .
these are countries that control 40 % of the world .
and the oil will be replaced by others .
but you can 't replace the phosphorus .
that 's why it 's not about making things a little less bad , it 's about doing something right .
and is especially to ask what 's right .
that means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it 's easier to understand , because in holland , the land is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine , if , for example , your wife is sad , if when you upset her , and you come with fifty .
completely inefficient .
but effective , yes ?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six or three kilos during her life .
in .
that is not scientifically , not precisely , because because we don 't know how much is .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but effective .
everything in life is not efficient .
that 's why not , but efficiency .
to ask , what 's right ?
not , to burn a little better , to burn and burn it with it and to lose all the materials in the waste , but first to ask how ?
imagine mozart efficient .
yeah ?
when i invite her to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill with a glass of water .
wonderful .
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means , all that matters in life is not to save , to reduce .
the whole thing .
we tell people , oh , yeah , you ain 't got no south .
no , throwing away is just the thing , right ?
in every place where you throw away , from , yeah , you can go back .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have a heart .
as we think of north .
there 's every footprint .
when you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the ground .
because the ground the moose will die and the wind and the water wash the ground .
but when they are in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow .
so , it 's about making a big footprint that 's going to be .
don 't look .
we say in germany sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say my condolences .
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , pass , avoid .
every garbage is garbage .
and it 's a pleasure to see you in italy , like the people in the high bow , throw out a car .
because , you know , this is a process .
it 's a form of , yeah ?
i was there .
but with the right design , please .
we , for example , have developed a , it 's liquid .
they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two hours , she 'll build anywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that , through throwing away , they contribute .
that means we are useful , not less harmful .
so there are two sides .
not everything , of course .
a tv or a washing machine , they only use , they don 't .
just the things , the things , the things , like the , like car tires , they have to go into biological systems .
the things that are only used go in technical .
but today we only talk about biological systems .
yeah ?
for example , for example .
direct advertising , not for the company of puma , but to help this company , to make these products .
because we do not we do things .
yeah ?
so , when i invite you out to dinner and say it 's free of chicken , it won 't help .
no , we 'll figure it out .
positive .
it 's not like a chicken .
not poisonous .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first shoes that you can put on the top of the stick and the rubber can go in biological , right ?
all of it is , of course .
and if we succeed , we , of course , will , for nike , and for mauritz and mauritz and mauritz .
and that is half of the world 's population that are caused by the earth .
that 's why you help , ask people .
hey , puma , are you seriously ?
because they 've already changed the rules twice .
and i 'm not so sure if she really is .
so , give me a hand .
but i can .
yeah .
what 's just been portrayed .
i can .
we can do things now that they , when they break , they can break .
there are technical types .
there 's this one for this .
this is the first backpack , actually , that 's for going back .
that , so in any store , you can get things back .
when you get to that , right ?
remember that diaper ?
if right now , the garbage .
there are these diapers everywhere , almost .
in countries where people come to money .
there , on the front , but in the countryside .
yeah ?
alone when you take this diaper , you take it , sterilize , and the powder to plant .
with that , the baby is for life , from the beginning .
so , we don 't need to be more , we can be more .
it 's a sort of , it 's about , like , a ...
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can .
we can reinvent everything .
i founded an institute .
in the meantime , a lot of people work there , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club , a club where anyone can .
so no more save , spare , avoid , reduce , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the dragon .
music .
in the description of my speech , it is written that i , as a translator , so in english , i see .
i have a translator of the music .
to translate from the german into english , may need more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry .
it is strange , but it is for a layman , what we musicians do .
i , i , as the first of all , have only the highest grades .
you must think that the composer , the music , the music , everything that he imagined .
in reality , grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these notes are about as accurate or inaccurate , like a verbal , although , apparently , accurate description , a landscape .
for in this , the smell of the flowers , the smell of the sky , only to know , not to hear
that means , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
today , i want to give you what i normally translate musical , so to speak again in a verbal language .
so practically a translation .
so i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it in english again , it would be the translation .
so the music works for me as much as the language .
in the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
so it is not enough to learn only to read , and to press the right buttons on the piano or the right place .
that would only be the letters you learned to paint .
you can 't see the meaning of the letters .
therefore , you need to , for the sound of music , for at least as long as the language .
there is also , if you learn to be passive , only understand , or you can speak .
the work of the man 's work begins like a man 's .
when you first picked a play to play , because you 're excited , you start to study the composition .
you collect information about the piece in the paper .
you read in the letters , letters , notes , or words , thoughts of the composer .
you study the works he wrote .
you compare .
the reason to write .
how and what did he feel ?
how were his , like society and politics ?
i care .
you think in that time , you think in , like , looking at pictures or reading literature .
but in time , when you , as a man , you know a kingdom , for the composer you often play , and it always makes you feel easier .
the composer becomes more and more of a friend .
his request to write the play , will become more and more to my personal business .
now , since the music is all but a record of the music of the composer , but only a scaffolding , i now turn on this scaffolding to restore meaning .
i then , with my own words , what could be written between this scaffolding .
i play what those sounds could mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what you could mean to him now .
every sound , every phrase , every phrase gets meaning because i feel it , because it comes from mine now .
it must be for me in here and now i , or i cannot convince my audience that 's my business .
it is always a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the piece that i have worked so long in advance to experience .
how you , a happy new day and again and again , with the same rituals of life , rise up , breakfast , to work , so i shall live the same .
i have grown up again a day , changing seasons , my pulse goes slower at night than in the morning , and it takes longer that sound comes home .
i take the breathing of the audience true , conscious or unconscious .
all that affects me and all that affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , too , when i 'm on stage with a baby , and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , entertaining .
you bring in a new idea , and at once , this one will be answered .
it 's exciting , because then things that we haven 't rehearsed and what we can 't rehearse .
it 's fun to make music that way , and you , as the audience , have experienced the way the music communicate .
each concert is another .
i will never play like this .
i can 't play like in 20 .
i shall have more life experience than today , and therefore , on my side of the earth , i shall have much more emotion and emotions .
sure , i will then i will have thrown out some , but i will have a new one .
got a good example .
it was on a day of the year for my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen , a well-known , and most famous professor in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was much too young , so that he was more than i finally started studying .
but i was lucky , i was very early , with 13 years , and so i was in my high school .
when i was seventeen , when i , on one of his classes again , i played the last of the four of chopin , one .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was to me .
it 's such a touching .
and in my dream , i said , anticipation .
that 's when he said .
that must be the age .
because to me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
when you 're seventeen , you have dreams , but not important memories .
i play the play again every couple of years , and it always changed for me , though no one changed .
every time it 's exciting , because i keep reading .
one example of that from a different area .
it 's always the same garden , but at different times , by light .
he translated into the world , as he saw them , the way they seemed .
his personal favorite .
it 's the same .
in the meantime , i 'm older than chopin , when he wrote the play .
he only lived for years .
and it is important to me to look at the notes , even though i mean , to be able .
in order to hold , with the composer .
because the grades are the only connection to him .
especially when he died .
well , how do you start to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as the language .
sometimes music is the way you learn to read .
you learn how to read first , you learn to read .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
when all fingers in time and right , as it is in the notes , then sounds come out like music .
when it comes to pass , the student gets the most .
i can 't talk about interpretation .
all right , there it is , it 's a quick one .
slow .
loud and clear , f and b , et .
most people know .
but even if you do that information , it still remains a little technical .
and yet it 's still no interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder you forget a lot .
because that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical and feel .
the singing .
a child who did not learn to sing , because the parents didn 't , it won 't .
it 's like being in the game .
it is necessary to have his own experience and idea of music , then to make it another way , to make it sound .
people who have never sung have never felt with their own body .
a phrase with its own breath .
it 's because the body is the extension .
our vocal chords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
that 's how the music in the piano is the sequel to my fingers .
the melody comes from the sound and the rhythm .
it 's not the music .
you don 't need to make music when you get bored .
no need to whistle or sing .
every music , every music , every music , and music .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what if i can 't sing ?
i ask , can you not sing , a , because you think you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for either to start to figure out if you can , or learn how to use those little muscles .
you can train .
or c , because they were told they were unfit .
i wonder how competent was that diagnosis ?
did you ever get a , or did you , like they say ?
or d , they don 't like music , so they don 't want to .
what i would regret , because music is a beautiful thing .
but maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , in all cases , no one has to be a candidate .
i don 't understand the classical .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i answer , but surely you can say whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone says i don 't know if i like because i can 't .
well , you don 't give up food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play .
listen carefully and say whether you like it or not .
whether the music is too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , you will also have demands and want to add a little more spices or taste even fine .
why do i ask from my audience to listen ?
because music is a language and a language is to communicate .
a work of art you never see has no power .
the food that was made by a cook or a cook , has to be eaten and not just looking or exchanging recipes .
so please listen when music is played .
she 's not just a nice girl .
when in an environment where the adults do music , or at least hear music , a child grow , it 's easy for a music teacher , what color is ?
can you play it in blue ?
and the child plays , after a flower , instead of a red , a blue flower .
and this sounds different than before .
that was the first beginning of a musical .
first step to interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today , which was originally written a hundred , 200 or 300 years ago ?
by now the instruments have changed .
there was no piano .
it just wasn 't invented .
i think that the bach would have been thrilled if he had the most extraordinary opportunities of today .
i can today , today i can make the sound of the stream on the modern wing , which cannot be .
even from beethoven you know he heard more than he had already been deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra of then turned down .
that 's why the composers are dependent on us , who invent the pieces .
so that they will become , what they have in mind .
and what they would think today .
or what i thought today because what you might have .
thank you .
you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shit .
i have a friend who drives a car .
when i come , with my little v , and me next , that feeling .
something shoots through my head .
i say , ulf , what do you need ?
it loses half its value .
you work a lot less than i .
why do i have to afford a car ?
and then i 'll think of it right away .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , that unpleasant feeling .
our organism has invented a great method to make such unpleasant feelings as envy .
you can try it with words like revenge or revenge .
i want to explain something to you with this mechanism today , or something that you probably don 't .
the mechanism comes from the lie .
but don not think of the lie you may have heard , when people say no one has the intention to build a wall .
and then the stones , so he can block your view .
on such a lie you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to make sure that he has other meaning .
he 's just you , he 's not .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you .
you need that lie to keep a secret , to keep a secret .
they can make them less easily , yes , check or break .
you need time .
from this time , an anecdote you may know .
the spanish painter , pablo picasso , once a woman .
that woman later complained , the portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso answers , wait .
they get more and more .
in this place , and when they laugh , they know how important this lie and how much time they need to know something that artists can very well share .
because artists have a meaningful relationship to lie .
the artist will share with you , and especially this lady , which she can 't see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist will share with you in a portrait of such which you will not be trusted until you look at this work .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it could not look like you , and it 's always more like you .
here , you have this mechanism , which we can use the lie as a great invention for the sake of our own .
and not only in art , in art , in the , in mythology , in stories .
you may know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who 's the most beautiful in the country ?
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a better .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror cannot lie , from this true information .
but we should just , we should just , you know , that you can 't tell a woman there 's a better one .
here it is necessary , to do what we understand , to put up .
in this place , we need this lie that we can 't live without .
we have not only in art , in art , but in science such great lies .
and there is this story of the bishop 's wife .
she heard of this book of charles darwin , the creation of the species and man .
that the man of the monkey should , and , yes , at least there would be a common ancestor between men and apes .
and then she ran to her husband , and she said , " it 's not true what charles writes .
the man shall have the monkey , or a common .
no , no , i can 't .
and if it is true , then we must prevent people from knowing .
why do we have to prevent people from knowing something when it 's true ?
because we can 't live without those .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we must prevent people from knowing things , especially when they are .
so that you see how slowly this mechanism will slowly dissolve and look like the tracks that he leaves , which lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want another story .
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
one day she came from school , she 's a teacher , and she told about a student .
a pupil .
she likes him especially because he has a tendency for sincerity .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm with the fire .
and because i 'm with the fire department , i care about things .
yeah , you can feel it when you 're happy in this place .
i told my wife , whenever a man in a moral justification uses the word , we should try to replace it .
do that once and then you 'll know .
even though i 'm with the fire department , i care about things .
you feel this is the real truth behind information .
such a little boy , he doesn 't care about the money .
he 's interested .
but there are no clubs we can look for where you learn how to fire .
there 's only the second best , the fire .
he signed up .
you don 't tell your teacher you like to lay fires somewhere and be happy when the fire comes .
no , it just looks much better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning up the dangers that others can only do when they lay .
here you have this little mechanism .
this note , that in the heart of the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say that .
the words we use in the language of politically correct .
actually , we know something else is .
but we know when we say that , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do that .
it is impossible to present such things in a society to function .
i now want to tell you what we found in my institute .
by the logic of this deception , this illusion , the willingness , a different reality than the one that we already know is valid to spread .
i want to present two , maybe three examples .
the first example of what many of you know , and some of you value , very few .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is such a spirit , it says ,
and from this soul you now think that , in this , nature , in this , nature , in which it , in the latin , which is present .
and if this , if this , then , through man , it is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul .
and then he can run .
this is the idea of the spirit .
so she 's to go from the outside to man .
so we shall see them as something that should be present for our lives .
and if you have eyes on this condition , then you understand the logic that we experience this happiness through a lie to improve our world .
because now , you can use an extra .
you remember from school .
this is now a place here that describes logic .
that , by the way , is the hardest part in my lecture .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
because to lie so that you can just wrong .
there are three sentences in this book .
the first sentence is , klaus claims there is no soul .
the second sentence is , if klaus is right , he has no soul .
now there 's a third sentence .
i put it here .
a third sentence that shows up with people who have a strong feeling .
they say who has no soul , who is dead and can say nothing .
and here you feel .
here comes the logic in this , yes , in this , uh , speaking .
you 'll see .
the first two sentences , they are logical .
i can say anything .
logic makes no statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm wrong , the chancellor is not .
logic makes no statement about what .
i can say anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , that 's what .
so if klaus says there is no soul .
second , if he 's right , he has no soul .
these things are logical .
and now , we now feel our conscious consciousness , you can do something .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and who pretends to be the opposite of the first .
in fact , we would have to prove whether or not .
but with that logic , which it simply uses that two sentences are logical , and a third , who looks like he 's got something to do with it , so we can save our lives .
so , we pretend it 's impossible to live without .
and we are very happy .
we can continue these things in different directions .
in the present , we have a very modern example that always fills the glass .
you have to have a more pressing issue , a philosophy , present .
this has to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there there was a scholar named johannes , and by the name of the donkey .
the ignorant donkey is a donkey .
he has no soul .
it 's such a thing .
and if you place the one right in the middle between two square feet , he starve .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go first .
so it 's right in the middle .
that 's the way they 're introduced .
the forces of the forces with the most powerful , they solve each other .
nothing happens .
only if you then , if you make a different example , so if she makes a haystack , then he doesn 't need reason .
it 's automatic .
if you have this idea that in nature , you , in nature , you get driven by , of the bigger bunch that put you right away , you 'll feel free .
and even if we are here in frankfurt on the main , then i 'll remind you of the main .
there there is a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes you say wolf singer .
now we can back to the second set , and we can say , if wolf singer is right , then he doesn 't .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost every day in the daily newspaper , you find that in that third sentence .
he , who , who , who has not , cannot be held responsible for his actions and claims , and therefore .
you got it back .
in fact , you 'd have to prove if there 's such a thing .
but the logic of deception allows us to act as if the first sentence was wrong in the first place , as if , of course , to accept the opposite .
and now you can , if you want to do something for yourself , if you want to test something , and especially if you want to make people happy , practice that courage .
practice , for example , when you meet a man you can say , there are no .
and , please , do not use the german word for the lord , that is prophet .
you can 't call that , that would be a little political .
say there are no such thing .
at this moment , they will become one , for which , of course , they will find out , you cannot prove .
and you already have a problem .
because while while you 're busy trying to figure out that you can 't prove that there is no such thing , the man is happy .
he 's happy because he deceived you .
because he led them on a trail he can 't stop himself .
in fact , this man is not interested in evidence .
he is only interested in keeping himself safe from the need to prove there is .
so , in the way of the change of time , you will experience a lie .
and once again , once again , if you have the opportunity to feel this way with other people , do it , because you will make others happy , if you don 't remember that way .
thank you for your attention .
hello .
i allowed myself to , i asked lilly to mention .
she is one of the most beautiful of this great event , and she asked me to give a lecture here and my idea .
i have to be honest , you 've heard , it was hard to talk about .
and may i , may i present to you , i try .
but it , of course , is the sum , of many ideas .
and then i , in the middle of the year , to berlin , because i was trying to power , and it didn 't .
and there was the ...
they used to name all of them .
they call it a day .
because a good engineer either built or built a good car .
but it 's as stupid as a little , a hundred watts from the square .
and in berlin , there was a crazy .
i am grateful to the lord that he has restored the word again , because after the war , you couldn 't use the word , because everything on the left was bad .
but in the years , it wasn 't .
there it was , there was , there was , there was , there was , and one of them just sat in the middle of the night , where they suspected evil .
the place of the land , but it was called the , and it was , and it was , and i started in the middle .
and yes , many things of what was said today , touch me very , because many , many , many , many , many , many words i have lived .
i 've worked in the collective for 11 years .
we were 20 .
it 's all about bullshit .
and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , the company , and , along with the most ,
and i brought you a project that i want to introduce .
and the title of the title was , yes , a hundred percent .
and we just started asking with a relatively , uh , story , where could you put a memory ?
on this island , this is the island on the edge .
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a thousand .
they have an average of 15 .
and the question is , why no more ?
i can 't .
when the more , the more , the more , the system begins .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
no problem .
but not true , we have seven percent in europe and our net is physically the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems the people on this island .
the question was simple , counting , counting , the first contacts with the island .
how big would have to be a battery so you can get an island 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 .
and , yes , i 'm going again .
the conventional system all over the world .
by the way , a year , about a hundred years of electric power on the world .
that is the work of a hundred , because it goes everywhere .
the world 's world , the world that takes place , is wiped with diesel because you don 't need authorization .
it 's fast .
you put a box like that .
and then it usually does .
the three of them are always lost , two are always waiting .
yeah , that 's the weight down there .
we also got very specific data .
and the , or the , or the , or whatever it is , is usually a system or a system that can only flow in small amounts .
our goal was just to say , okay ,
the diesel will flow , and the wind , the sun , the burden so that you can make the greater .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % of renewable energy , so energy a year , not the power at the moment , you have to turn off the diesel .
that means , at that moment , you need to make sure that , in a way , all the energy can .
you , of course , can only , if , in some way , you will .
nobody 's ever done that .
it 's in small style , so you can use your razor in your car .
people always ask me , what are you guys doing ?
i can .
but if you want several of them , if they want to build a net , it gets very complicated .
it will , it will be , that , hydrogen , methane , power , power to gas , or sh , it will .
then you 'll have to go to a more , and then you 'll have to go , and you 'll have to pay more .
we just wanted to know , what 's with a regular battery .
how far do you get ?
and then did a lot of simulations .
those were the first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
it 's great , then we have a business model .
we are cheaper than the average , if the average is five per year .
and then we started negotiating with the law .
what should all be done ?
i 've been dealing with investors . i 've been looking for new ones .
we were only five people then to rebuild one .
and here 's the presentation .
the brown is sort of the conventional system , the green is our system .
that our system also has a power system , is that we do 20 % of diesel , and we don 't even break one .
and the , who , who , on the island , said , we love that .
we also wish to support , but we do not believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that is why we decided to build a hall in berlin , where we can , in a way , the electric conditions of the island on a scale to three .
that means , we , we , we , we , we , to find the greatest battery in the world .
here it is .
it comes from asia , in japan .
and in the years , in the years , in bbc mannheim , today , she was developed , and then became the japanese .
you can see , it 's a very , very large battery .
she has a steady performance and can do that for six hours , and that 's the battery that we have , in a way .
and then they set .
over here , we simulate the whole thing , the wires , so to speak , the cable .
and here you can see the whole .
we can also put two hundred , two , one , two , three .
here we see this again , here we see the diesel , here again , all of it .
and what we 've done , since then , the hall was finished , until today , everything that was between the system of electronics , software , we did .
so we are not , we are , but we define ourselves as a company that is between the battery and the net and everything .
of course , you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate , and that 's very complicated .
the beauty is on the subject that , on this island , in fact , everything on this island today can be the problem that we will when we want to increase our share .
so , this whole discussion , how , at this moment , in the moment , in which , on the island , we have , for example , 25 to 30 % , so the wind and the sun .
it is , then .
so it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's all .
we can start on the island , to blend in on the island , to blend in , you can manage the burden .
that means , when you 're 70 % , you can 't do that without memory .
you can , you can , you can , you can , through the nets , yes , you should , in any case , hear the cut , but you can never completely .
and that 's the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at that , just because you can see the problems .
when we shut down the diesel , you no longer have the most powerful mass that causes a certain inertia .
and , our , our , our , our , our , the , the , the , the , the , the , of all europe .
we look into this net , see the 50 hertz , and when it 's , like , 9 hertz , we catch a few of those , then a little steam , we come back .
that 's the system .
and of course , it 's incredibly slow .
if you put it somewhere , it 'll take a while .
at least 10 seconds to maintain the net .
and in time , you can react differently .
if you no longer have that , this mass , you 'll have to replace it with your own .
and we can use this big battery two times .
and you can see what a tremendous amount of energy there .
and the message is now , we must dispense with these , if we , in a way , our targets , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 30 , and so on , if we even want to .
then we 'll have to take down our most powerful energy in the net .
it simply means the power plant runs to keep the frequency .
yeah , it 's a , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's not .
and we just try to make it clear that you can , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , you , you .
fortunately , there are a lot of studies .
and to that end , people always come and look at our favorite on , like our own .
and , yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can a future be .
and many arguments i 've had in the last six years were similar to the discussion i had in the last 30 years .
i can 't , it 's bullshit , we thought everything , never count .
today we have 30 of us in germany .
that 's exemplary .
and i just assume that in the next 30 years , we will have the same capacity to store the entire world .
simple , it will .
there will be a lot of fighting and fighting .
the beauty of it is that i , for the past two years , that the scientists stand on my side .
we have now , over ten million , we 've already been given over 10 million , even to put a bomb on the german net .
this will happen next april .
so from that , you also see that there is a change , and only from this point to yes , to the idea , 100 % .
and if you have 100 % , it 's like a system .
so far , in discussions , in this , these , they , they , they have their own little net , that has nothing to do with our own .
the question is simple , if you make yourself completely independent of any fossil or fossil oil , which will be placed somewhere in the world and taken to you , you 're an island .
then they only use what is in the sun and wind where they live .
and this is a little of our vision of an energy supply , and i , too , am grateful that you have said use .
and that is what we do , what we do , and so , also the lecture of the most powerful , that you can be a collective again and again .
and , well , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
and you have to be really tough , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , the los angeles times , one day walking through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , an african-american , sociable , homeless , playing on a violin that only had two strings .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown and 30 years later , he lived as homeless on the streets of los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 , two years ago , walt disney hall .
he had just heard a show from beethoven 's first and fourth , and came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
and a few days later i got an e-mail saying nathaniel was interested in me .
i have to mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment , because he had already been treated with electric shocks and handcuffs , a trauma his whole life .
and in the same , nathaniel , when we , with our first day in the walt disney hall .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him .
so i just started playing .
i played the first set of beethoven .
and while i was playing , i noticed that in my eyes a complete change .
it was as if under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction , whose catalyst was my game .
" the wrath of vengeance , in a calm and grace .
and as through a wonder , he took his violin and began to play a few of the songs and then asked me to finish .
we then began to talk about music , beginning of bach about beethoven , brahms , and all the other b , all the way down .
and i realized that not only did he not only had the knowledge of music , but he had a close personal relationship .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding that i only know of my colleagues in los angeles .
by playing music and talking about music , was from this paranoid , confused man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a lovable , educated , trained musician .
music is medicine .
for nathaniel , music is spiritual .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity in something real .
and that 's how he used to make his favorite .
i understood that this is the nature of art .
this is the reason why we make music , so that we have something deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , can form our creativity .
and the reality of the reality of it all , and moving , inspired and united .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community .
the power of music brought him back to a family of musicians , who understood him , who knew his talent .
and i will always with nathaniel , whether in the walt disney hall or in row , because he reminds me why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta , i want to play something i stole .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
i 've known many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , it was a nice fish , it was a good consistency , it was a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was bred in the fields , according to the highest standards of sustainability .
so i guess you could feel like selling .
i had a relationship with that beauty over several months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked if i could at an event about sustainability .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here who tried to solve what this incredible problem has become to our cooks .
in the last 50 years , we 've been fishing the seas like we 've beaten forests .
it is hard to destroy .
90 % of the big fish that we love , the fish we love , the fish , the fish , the fish , and swordfish , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so , i guess , or i , i , i , will be part of our future .
a lot of arguments against it , but the environment , most of them , and they are inefficient .
he has 15 to one .
that means , 15 pounds , you need to get a pound .
not very sustainable .
not very good .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts straight , you are famous to grow so far out in the sea that you do not defile . "
" that 's true , " he said , " we are so far out that the garbage is distributed by our fish . "
and then he added , " we are basically a world .
he said .
the best in the business .
one to one , great .
what are you feeding ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night i lay in bed and thought , " what the hell is a protein ?
so i called the next day , just before the event , don .
i said , " don , what are sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with a few people at the company , and no one could give me a proper answer until i finally got on the phone .
let 's call him don .
" don , " did i say , " what are sustainable proteins ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some of the sea , and then he said ,
i said , " what ? "
he said , " yes , feathers , skin , skin , leftovers , dried and processed . "
i said , " how many percent of your chicken ? "
in thinking maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what is sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm the fish .
no , not , not because i 'm a ...
i am .
no , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , god , the fish tasted like chicken .
this second fish , it 's a different kind of love .
it is the romantic way , the way you , the better you meet your fish , you love the fish .
i ate him first at a restaurant .
a journalist had long spoken of this fish .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , almost white .
the cook had him .
hold twice .
surprisingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's turned ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
we call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook .
he 's a biologist at veta .
this is a town in the southwest corner of spain .
it is near the river .
the farm was in the hands .
they , on what they were .
they did it by turning the land .
they built this complicated episode of channels , and they pushed water out of the country and out into the river .
well , you couldn 't make that work , not economic .
it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of birds , which are many birds .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally cut the lever .
instead of the water , they used the channels to restore the water .
it 's the channels .
they created a thousand acres of frozen bass , floating , frozen , eel , and miguel and his company completely reverse .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they stare out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all they see are wireless channels and that density .
i was there a long time ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin , and part " a crocodile to kiss . "
there we were , and we fought , and i , and i sweat , i have mud to my knees , and miguel is in peace .
this is where he raises a rare .
now , he now mentions the name of the book .
and here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the giraffe .
it turns out miguel has spent the most part of his career in the north american national park .
i asked him how he became such a man .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert on relationships .
and then he goes and falls into more talk of rare birds and algae and strange .
and don , do not misunderstand me , that was really fascinating , you know , the most respectable community .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head , my head , and my head , my head , was weak , over this delicious piece i had on the eve .
" miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed at the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the seaweed , the connections , that 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
" how 's that ? "
well , he continues to tell me that it is such a system that the fish eat what they would eat .
the sea , the fish , the fish , the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely irreversible .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a man had asked for a change .
and we bow around the corner , and we , the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands , a literally empty carpet .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
" you .
i was completely confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't you fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and fish to the birds .
well , last year there were 600,000 birds , over 250 different .
it is today the greatest , and one of the most important private in europe .
i said , " miguel , is a good , " not the last one to want on a horse ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we build , not intense .
this is a wireless network .
they eat the shrimp .
they eat the shrimp .
so the more the stomach the better the system .
a farm that does not feed its animals and a farm that measure its success in the health of its robbers .
it 's a small , but it 's also .
oh , and , by the way , those , you know , shouldn 't even be there .
they breed in a city of 240 miles away , where the sun is better .
every morning they fly 240 miles to the farm .
and every night they fly back 240 kilometers .
you do that because you can follow the white line of road .
seriously .
i had imagined a journey of the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 240 miles to the farm and then you go back 240 miles a night ?
are you doing this for the kids ?
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , they do , because food is better . "
i did not mention the skin of my beloved , who was delicious , and i don 't like the , i don 't like them .
it 's this , uh ...
i hardly ever cook .
and yet , when i tried her in this restaurant , she didn 't taste like chicken .
it tasted sweet and pure , like taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and him .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
she is the last defense before something enters .
" she has evolved in the course of evolution ... " ... to seek out .
and then he added , " but our water has no water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed their fish , a farm that measures their success .
and then i realized , when he said , a farm that doesn 't have , the water that flows through this farm .
it 's a river that leads all the things that rivers nowadays tend to lead with , chemical waste , drain .
and when it fought through the system , and that leaves the water cleaner than it came .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
because when the water flows , it sinks in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and you should , because this love story , however romantic , is also .
you could say that it is a recipe for the future , good food , whether we speak of bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , of one that actually tastes good .
but for many people , it 's a bit radical .
we are not , we are , we are lovers .
we love , we love , we love , we talk about local food .
and if they say that these are the things that assure the future of good food , is someone standing up somewhere saying , " hey , guys , i love pink ones , but how will they feed ?
how will they feed the world ?
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world .
a billion people will starve today .
a billion , that 's more than ever , because of the , uh , hot , heavy , in distribution .
well , i don 't like that question , because she has the logic of our master for the last 50 years .
feed grain of grain , grain of grain , wheat , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and all the time , all the time , " if we feed more people , how can that be ? "
that was the cause , it was the justification , it was the american business .
we should call it what it is , a trade in industry , a trade that eats quickly the capital that allows .
it 's not trade , it 's not agriculture .
we are now threatened today , not due to increased supply , but due to resources ,
not through the new , the , the , but by the land , not by pump , but by fresh water , not by water , but by forests , and not through nets , but by fish .
you want to feed the world ?
let us begin with the question : how will we feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that every community can feed itself ?
to do that , do not look at the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machines are in it , and it has never produced anything really good .
let 's take a look at the model instead .
that 's the one that 's spent two billion .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
companies that are not worlds for , companies , to restore instead , to grow , to grow , instead of only care , farmers who are not only , but for experts ,
because they are those who are experts for taste .
and if i am honest , you are a better cook than i will .
you know , i 'm right , because if this is the future of good food , it 'll be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we see here is a typical of age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it 's called , and , what i can do with , is that i can filter after a certain cause of death , say accidents .
and right now i see another pattern .
and , because in the village , the people here are the most and they are over here .
we can walk one step further , and then restore the data , and see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not everyone .
now , if we go on , and by age , say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the main cause that people should worry about .
and if you can see , this is especially with men .
so you realize that the view of information and data in that way is very much remembered swimming in a living .
and if if we can do this , why not for content ?
what we now have here are the most of every " sports illustrated " ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can test for my lecture in your rooms .
you can dive in a decade .
you can dive in a year .
you can jump straight to a specific issue .
when i look here , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and sports .
i am a lance armstrong fan , so here i am , where all expenses are mentioned .
now , if i just want to get a more clear , i could think , " okay , what if i look at everything with a bike ? "
so i take one step back , i take the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and so , you get an idea that when you look through that kind of information , a wider , wider , you look , you don 't just look .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's something in between and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i now want to take this idea a little further with what 's a little crazy .
what we 've done here is , we 've taken every one and reduced it to a brief .
the summary contains a brief and a symbol of the area .
i 'm just gonna show the top 500 of the top .
but even in this , we can do a lot .
right now , we get an impression on the issues on wikipedia .
i will now choose the government .
well , after i 've elected government , i realize that the most , the most with the time of the year .
this is really important because this is a knowledge that is not in one .
it 's only to know when you step back and look at it .
on a certain one of these , i can go into the theme of time " people of the year " and all .
now , when i look at all these people i see that the majority of them are government officials , some come from science , some , less , from the economy .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted .
so we can now jump and take a look at all ted neville 's winners .
you see , we surf in the net for the first time it 's really a net , not just side to side , but a lot .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i just show you the new york times website .
this application , this application , i do not want to call it " a " , it 's really not a " , but you can look at web sites with it , and we bring this to every website .
so i can go back one step and jump straight to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important because you can only look through the look of websites in that way , all the way .
so i can , in my course , in a certain time frame .
here is the stand of the entire demonstration i 've kept .
and i , in a way , i can bring back everything i 've seen so far .
and , if i step out one step and look at everything again , i may order my progress again , perhaps i , here , i 've been looking for , here for bing labs , live .
and from here , i can go in and call you .
it 's a metaphor that 's always used , and every time it makes the bigger picture than the sum .
at the moment , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the dragon .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this before , perhaps a new source of more information .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can know .
and if we know , we might even know .
i 'll stop , thank you .
i grew up with a piece of science fiction .
in my high school , i went to school with a bus every day .
and my nose was always in a book , a book that took my thoughts into other worlds , and , in a way , my deep in me .
i was totally , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and the limits of the possible .
and my love of science fiction , my love of science fiction seemed to be in my surroundings , because in the late ' 60s , we flew to the moon and the moon .
jacques , jacques , came into our living room with his fascinating shows that show us animals and places and a world full of wonders we could never have imagined .
i guess that was a good match .
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there were no video games , and neither the video games , nor the whole film , i had to create the pictures in my head .
when we , as children , read a book , we took the author 's description and put it on the screen .
my reaction to it was drawing and painting of alien , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all .
i was constantly caught by the teacher , hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to somehow .
and something interesting happened , which i was fascinated by , the thought of an unknown world here on earth .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a spaceship .
but here there was a world i could actually enter , here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as all i ever imagined when i read these .
so i decided , when i was 15 to become a diver .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the next .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i , my father , until finally he had found a new york , new york , just across the border .
i made my favorite in a pool in the middle of winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i was only two years later when we moved to california .
since , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent about three thousand hours underwater .
and i have learned that the world of the world , even in the world , is as rich as we can .
the imagination of nature knows no limits , unlike our own , the imagination .
until this day , i have the deepest reverence for what i see .
and my love for the ocean , with the same intensity as ever .
when i , as an adult , i became a profession .
it seemed the best way to tell my inner desire to tell stories , with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw and stuff .
so movies were the way , pictures and stories .
of course , the stories that i had , from the " terminator " , " " aliens , " and . "
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
so , basically my two passions .
something interesting has happened at " a " to solve a problem in this movie , and we had to create some kind of liquid , we , we , we , we , uh , hit back .
what came out of it was the first ever to see in a movie .
in the film , no money , no money , he was in the film , but i realized something fascinating , the audience in the whole world was like the spell .
according to arthur clarke 's law , known as technology and magic are no different .
so you saw something magical .
and i thought it was so exciting .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this must be included .
so we went to " terminator 2 , " my next movie , much more .
we , together with the , we created the guy from liquid metal .
and it worked , and once again we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but with the film , we already made a little more .
from these two experiences , a whole new world , a whole new world of creativity .
so i founded a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who , at that time , was the best and most .
this company 's financial industry was to skip the stage with optical processes , et cetera and start with digital .
and we did , and we , for a while .
but in the middle of the ' 90s , we realized that in the ' 70s and ' , what we actually started the company .
but the bar , the bar , and people in my company told me that for the time being , we 're not gonna be able to .
so i did this and made this other film about the big boat .
i sold it as " romeo and juliet on a ship . "
but secretly , i wanted to be the real titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know .
but i convinced them , by saying , " we dive to the wreck .
we will show it in the film .
it 's a good angle for marketing .
and i persuaded them to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy , but it goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we , in the , in , in the , we , for six months , a reality , in which i , in a russian , four kilometers beneath the surface of the tree , and i saw the real titanic .
it wasn 't a movie , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights .
and i noticed , how much of this kind , a ...
well , they were , too . they were also planning .
you get into this capsule , then you , into this dark , hostile environment , where there is no hope for salvation if you can 't .
and i thought , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a movie .
that 's really cool . "
i was so obsessed with exploring .
it was all .
and it was an experience that couldn 't give me hollywood .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature that we could create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside .
so that really knocked me over and i wanted more .
and so i made an unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said , " okay , i want to put my favorite film as a filmmaker in hollywood on ice for a while . "
and then we began , we came to the bismarck , and we made them .
we returned to the titanic .
we took little robots that we had built , that were built .
our purpose was to look and to the inside of the ship , which had never been .
nobody had ever seen the inside of the wreckage .
now , on the deck of the titanic , on the deck of the titanic , in a mountain , and i see the boards pretty much like this and i know the band once played .
and i 'll fly with a little fly through the gears of the ship .
i only serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present within the titanic .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's plans .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me aware of this , that , so , you use such , and so the mind in the vehicle , to this other form of existence .
it really was
and maybe even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have to study or do things , in all kinds of things i can imagine .
after these expeditions , we began what we had seen down there , to really appreciate , for example , where we saw these incredible animals .
they live with the help of men .
they do not exist in a matter of sunlight , as we do .
and so , you see animals , right next to 500 degrees , that they can survive .
and at the same time , i was also very interested in art , and that was my childhood .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it was the point that i would take us to the village .
we were shooting , but , actually , science .
so , the circle between my existence , as a child , and to the reality .
i learned a lot .
i 've learned a lot about science , but i now you surely think a director has to lead , to be a leader , or something .
but i didn 't understand much of leadership before i joined this expedition .
at a certain point i had to say , " what am i doing ?
why do i ?
these stupid movies don 't make us money .
we 're just playing the game .
everyone thinks i ran between " titanic " and " avatar , " and i would have put my nails on a towel .
i 've made all these films , these films for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked together for years , and sometimes we were at sea .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other , because you have a task you can 't explain .
there comes a connection , mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next movie " avatar , " i tried to use the same kind , that you respect your team and earn their respect .
it really changed the dynamic .
so i stood again with a small team on unknown territory , we made " avatar " with a new technique .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a family for a period of four and a half .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said that we would have really copied and transported to planet pandora .
for me , it was more a more , more like doing my job , the real process that changed .
so what can we close ?
what lessons did we learn ?
i think it 's curiosity .
it is the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a power that even a reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than the world .
i come to me young filmmakers who say , " give me some advice on how to do that . "
and i say , " don 't lock yourself .
i 'll get others for you .
" failure is no alternative . "
but in art , and in studying , failure must be an alternative , for it guarantees .
not an important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been considered without risk .
you must be willing to take such risks .
that is the thought that i would like to give to you .
today i speak to you about energy and climate .
and that might be a little surprised , because , in the foundation , mostly for vaccines and seeds , for the things we have to invent and deliver to the two billion .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone on the planet .
it means that , for years , that , for years , which we , too much or too much , things will change the way it can 't .
it leads to , it leads to uncertainty .
so , a wedding will be terrible for you .
besides , you 're very important .
the fact is that if only you could reduce the price of one thing , energy would be by far .
well , the time has come .
in fact , it 's based on energy .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
so we are in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich .
but , if we lower the price of the fuel , we cut the price , we hit a new barrier and this barrier is connected .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is pretty clear .
well , the exact context between an angle and which , in which there are certain consequences , but not many .
and there surely there are certain things about how bad these consequences , but they will be extremely bad !
i have asked several times , " do we really have to get down to zero ?
isn 't half or a quarter ?
the answer is , until we reach zero , the temperature will continue .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's a different way to say , we have a 3 / 4 truck that has to come under a bridge .
this has to go down , zero .
well , every year we spend a lot of money , over 26 billion .
every american , about 20 tons .
on average , it 's about 5 tons for everyone on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that lower .
it 's been steady .
only various economic changes have affected it at all , and we have to go from increasing to increasing and to a level to zero .
so let 's look at every factor in one and figure out how to get it .
probably one of those numbers must come close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's go .
first we have the population .
today ,
and it goes to nine billion , to move to nine billion .
if we are very successful , with a new , the , the , and the , we could probably lower it by 10 % to 15 , but at the time , we 're looking at a level .
the second factor is the services we use .
it all , the food we eat , clothes , tv .
these are very good things and good things , which means that services are almost to anyone on the planet .
it 's great that this number gets .
here we see a very basic service .
and those students don 't , so they go out and read their favorite books .
well , with efficiency , the e , energy per service , finally good news .
we have something that doesn 't rise
due to various success in the balance , by other means , by new methods in the field , there are many services , which some individual services are reduced by 90 % .
in other service , as to the manufacture of , 105 .
in total , if we are optimistic , we may be able to reduce a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but with the first three factors , we now , from 26 billion to maybe , 13 billion .
so let we see the fourth factor of co2 , and this one will be the amount of co2 , which will be the amount of the amount .
the question is whether or not .
if they burn money , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every oil supply for electricity today 's co2 , except for energy and energy .
so what we have to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need backup .
if i now use the word " miracle , " i mean the impossible .
the computer is a miracle .
the internet and its service is a miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
usually there 's no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
usually , you just , you just , you just , and some come , others don 't .
but in this case , we have to give the full throttle and get a miracle .
well , i wondered , how can i really bring it ?
is there a natural , natural , a demonstration that the idea of man ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked .
the idea was really for you , you know there are people who live with mosquitoes .
for energy , i remembered .
i decided that the release of fireflies would be my most profitable contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured that they won 't bite , and in fact they won 't even leave .
well , there are all kinds of things like this , but they all don 't .
we need solutions , either one or several that have an unimaginable , and even though there are many ways that people are looking for , i see only five that can afford .
i left out the tide , the tide , the merger , and tax .
first let 's look at the burning , burning , burning from either coal or natural .
who will ?
who can guarantee something , which , literally a billion times bigger than any kind of trash you can imagine of ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next .
what do you do with the garbage ?
though he 's not very tall , there are a lot of concerns .
so three very , very difficult problems , which , perhaps , and that is why you should work .
the last three of the five .
they are the most sophisticated energies , as they are .
and they also have , though it 's great that they don 't need fuel , they have a few .
for one is the most powerful , which these technology creates more dramatic than the .
they are , you speak of many , many times more than a normal power .
in addition , these sources ,
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't seem every day and the wind doesn 't always .
that 's why , if you are dependent on these sources , you have a way , energy , even in times when it 's not available .
so there are , there are , there are challenges in the transmission , for example , that the power source is outside the country , you don 't just need the technology , you have to deal with the risk .
and there 's the money .
so we need a big break here , something that will be 100 better than the time .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring these , uh , most sophisticated sources about , say , 20 % .
if you want to lean 100 % on it , you need an incredible angle .
well , where shall we go ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it .
in each of these five areas we need at least 100 .
they 'll say , " they 're crazy .
i believe , here in the ted group there are many who are already involved .
bill gross has several companies , among other , one of which has the great .
and i try to support .
nathan and i , and i finance a company that , maybe surprisingly , haunts the nuclear approach .
there are some of the water in the water .
the development has stopped in this industry a while ago , so it 's no big surprise that some good concepts lie .
it means that , instead of a part of the , one percent , we decided to burn the 99 % .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn this 99 % , it 's much better .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the garbage of today 's reactors .
instead of breaking your head , just burn it .
the uranium will be used , a bit like a candle .
they see that it is a sort of column , often referred to as " the wave . "
that really solves the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the garbage , the 99 % , you have the part that 's burned today , so it 's uranium .
the us urges for hundreds of years .
and when you , when you 're cheap and easy , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still many challenges , but it 's an example of many hundreds of people we need to move .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what should our report ?
well , let 's go to the goal that we have to reach , and then we 'll talk about the money .
a lot of people speak of an 80 % of the world .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be created in poor countries , and still some agriculture .
so , to achieve this 80 % , you must , including countries like china , completely .
the other note says , if we use the most advanced technology , whether it 's used in all developed countries and we are on our way to get it .
that 's super important .
this is gonna be a big deal .
if we go back from there , how would that look ?
it should contain the two elements .
if we should use the power to get on the way , the less we go , the less the temperature , the less the temperature .
we have to follow this , with the full throttle , and we can measure it , in and out .
there are many great books on this .
the al gore book " we have the choice , " and david the " energy without the hot air . "
they really go through it , and they create a frame where this can be discussed , because we need support from all sides .
there are things that need to get together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest effect .
so what do we have to do ?
for what action do i appeal ?
we must use for more .
when countries meet in places like fish , they should not only talk about co2 .
you should discuss these financial issues , and you would be shocked by the ridiculously low funds that are being spent on these , uh ...
we need to have the power , the co2 , the cap , the trade , something to create .
we must spread the message .
we need to make dialogue , dialogue and full , and things that will be done by the government .
it is an important wish , but i think we can fulfill .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to understand a little better , can you give us an idea of the magnitude ?
the difficult step is the building of the first , to find another billion , and the place that actually builds the first .
as soon as the first is done , when he walks as promised , it 's all clear , because the , the , the , the , the , the , is so different from the , you know .
in order to understand , it means to build deep into the ground , almost like a vertical column of nuclear power , and then the process begins , and then work down ?
today , they always have to rebuild the reactor .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can , for 60 years , you think of a floating column that you bury without the whole .
and it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a man who has a solution to the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can let it sit , there 's a lot less garbage with this method , then you take it and put it in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage , which already exists , which lies in these solar panels or the reactors .
so , what was a problem for these reactors , what we fill in ours , and with it , the process is dramatically reduced .
but while you have spoken with different people of this world about the possibilities ,
where is the greatest interest in doing this ?
you know , the french and the japanese have done something .
this is a version of a thing made .
this is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built this , which is why anyone who has run a fast reactor is one for our first .
in your imagination , time frame , and chance to really call something like that ?
now , we need one of the more , the things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 .
it 's kind of like the deadline , which we have to keep .
and , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could keep .
and , fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , which , if their approaches work , support for their pilots .
and it would be best if there were more , because you could use a mixture .
we need a solution .
in regards to the great potential , is this the greatest you know ?
the most important .
it would have been without the , but it makes it so much more .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's the most efficient method , that 's another .
there is a liquid , which seems a bit difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if it doesn 't work , what ?
do we have to initiate the emergency procedures to try to keep the containment ?
when you come into this situation , it 's like eating too much , and just before a heart attack .
there is a , there is a kind of , called , " a " , which , with different techniques , to delay the warming , so we could spend 20 or 30 more .
it 's just a routine .
hope we don 't .
some people say you shouldn 't work on the insurance , because maybe it makes you lazy , so you keep eating because you know you 're going to save the food .
do you have one or two sentences for them to maybe convince ?
well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds , change things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now and you pay a lot later .
the fact is that this uncertainty should worry .
well , the actual expenses for research , we should tell the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today .
among other things shouldn 't suffer .
you come too big , and here , people can argue , when you have something that isn 't , and try to finance .
unless , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
if the swab you get is a very high , only the rich .
i mean , any of us here could spend five times as much for our energy without changing .
for the lower two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even if you think .
his new trick is now , " why won 't research be discussed ? "
he will still , because of his earlier stories , with the most popular , but he understood that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing it .
and this is a , i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i think i speak for most people here , when i say , i really hope that your wish will come .
thank you .
a couple of years ago , here with ted , peter was introduced to a man named " the " .
the idea is very simple , and , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it really seems simple , it 's really hard , because people are very quick to work .
and so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a magic .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people usually start themselves on the job .
they talk about it , they think about what it 's gonna look like , they look for power ,
then they invest a little time in planning and organization .
they spend a lot of their time in the fields .
and finally , just before they no longer have time , someone takes the marshmallow and they gently put it on the top , step back and " ta-da ! "
what but then , almost always , happens that the " ta-da " becomes an " uh-oh , " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing collapse .
there are a series of people who have more " uh-oh " than others , and among the worst are fresh .
they lie , they cheat , they are confused , and they really produce .
and , of course , there are teams who have more " ta-da " and among the best are fresh graduates .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the highest towers , but the most interesting structures .
what you might ask is how ?
and peter says , " none of the children are invested in being chief of spaghetti . "
you don 't spend time in the business .
there 's another reason .
and it is that , that , of course , the , of course , were trained to find the right plan .
and then to realize .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top , you don 't have time and what ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , huh ?
which , in other ways , is that they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so that they often have a chance to fix .
i see this kind of collaboration as the core of an evil .
and with every attempt , the children get feedback , which works and doesn 't .
so is the power to work with prototypes , but let 's see how different teams .
the average for most is the average , the average , the average , the average , the average , the average , the average , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the .
who 's the most ?
architects and engineers .
it 's what i 've seen .
because , because you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you understand , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
there 's something about average , but it 's interesting .
if you put an executive executive on the team , you get better .
you look around and you see this team will win .
you can predict .
because they have special skills .
you run the process , you understand .
and that team that rules and the work , will improve the performance of the team .
the skill and skill and skill and the combination to success .
if you have 10 teams , which are typical , you 'll get about 6 .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we were gonna bring the baby .
so i offered a $ 10,000 award to the winner .
what do you think happened to these ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a solid structure .
if anyone had built a large construction , he would have worn the price .
so isn 't it interesting that high levels have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened ?
now they understood the advantage of the word .
that 's how the same bad team became the best .
they produced the highest construction in the slightest .
so , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , there .
you may ask , why would a man actually invest time to create ?
the reason is , i help create digital tools and trials to help teams , cars , video games , and , uh ...
and what the government does is to help them identify hidden assumptions .
because , frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge offers a shared experience , a common language , the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , so simple .
and those of you who care can visit .
it 's a blog where you see how to make the marshmallows .
there 's a place .
they find crazy examples of all over the world , like people who break the system .
there are also .
and the lesson , i think the construction is actually a sport .
it demands that we all set our senses to the task and that we use our thinking , as our feelings and our actions , in the challenge that lies ahead .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to get us from an " uh-oh . "
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine
a big machine , a cool , smooth machine , and this is a time machine .
and everyone in this room .
and you can go into the past , you can go to the future ; you can 't stay here and now
and i wonder what they would choose because i have often asked my friends that question , and they all wanted to go back .
they wanted to go back in time before there were cars or twitter or america looking for the superstar .
i don 't know .
i am convinced that you are somehow attracted to nostalgia .
and i understand .
i am not part of this group , i must say .
i do not want in the past , not because i am an adventurer .
it 's because there are possibilities on this planet , they go forward .
so i want to get into this machine and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time there has ever been on this planet , no matter what set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunity , drop .
there was never a time like this .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are the 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child born today , born today , can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have , in a way , shaped the earth , like no war .
they 're gone .
we beat them .
in the rich world there are diseases that have threatened millions of us before only a generation .
i , i ...
does anybody even know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are scientific .
and from my point of view is the scientific way to try things , see if it works , if it doesn 't , one of the greatest accomplishments in mankind .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , it 's all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they were often mentioned
and one of which is , despite all our accomplishments a billion people in this world go hungry every day .
this number rises , and it goes very fast , and that 's embarrassing .
and not only that , we used our imagination to destroy this world .
water , land of water , land , oil , oil , gas , and soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , we 're going .
so the question is , can we ?
i believe it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the land they live on .
i think we can supply this world with energy that doesn 't destroy .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night one of the things that keep me awake at night .
and we have never been able to make him sane , as we can .
the people are in their faith , so tight they can 't free .
not even the truth will free .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to progress ,
but do you know what you have no right ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about inoculations for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was amazed to fight , to resist , to which , in the end , is the measure of health in the history of mankind .
i didn i i didn i i didn not know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and left .
and soon , i wrote an article about a change of food .
same thing , only bigger .
people played crazy .
so , i also wrote an article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought that it would be , why they believed that in certain molecules instead of a random kind of assault .
but you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we , we , we , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but these articles i was worried about , and i couldn 't figure out why , and finally i found out .
and that is because those fanatics who drove me crazy .
they were educated , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know , let 's be honest .
we are at a point where we have not the same relationship as before .
we talk about it .
we talk about it , we talk about it , with little , " progress . "
okay , there are reasons , and i think we know the reasons .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes lost in science , and there 's no reason that shouldn 't .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , weapons of mass destruction .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own .
there are questions and problems with people we thought were always right .
ask questions , demand proof , demand receipts .
take nothing but there .
but now , if you get proof , you have to take that evidence , and we 're not good at that .
and i can say that for the reason that we now live in an epidemic of fear , as i have never seen , and hopefully never .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story , which linked to the measles , mumps , and viral vaccine .
very scary .
lots of studies have been conducted to see if that was true .
a lot of studies should be done . it 's a serious matter .
the data came in .
the data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no connection , no connection .
it makes no difference , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we believe to see , what makes us feel .
we do not believe in a bundle of documents from a book that gives us data , and i understand , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
because of the fact , the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the rate for measles .
this is scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could .
well , i understand .
because anybody got measles ?
has one in the audience ever seen a man die of measles ?
not often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but in the last year .
a lot of death by measles , 20 an hour .
but because because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around , and messages from fear and anxiety like oprah and larry king live .
and you can , because you don 't connect .
you do not understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
and this is something we need to learn , very fast .
this guy was a hero .
he freed us from one of the worst of mankind .
no fear , no pain , no pain , misery , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle .
his name is paul .
he just started with a few other people .
he can save the lives of , 500,000 children a year .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , aside from paul walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop .
and he actually says that .
so paul is a terrorist .
when paul speaks in a public hearing , he cannot testify without armed guards .
he gets calls at home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that 's what .
we have measles in this country .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon , children will die because that 's just a question .
and they will not only die of measles .
why not ?
i wrote a letter from me a couple of weeks ago and she said i was a bit too shrill .
nobody ever said that before .
she wouldn 't vaccinate her child against her .
fine .
because , because we don 't have , and you know what ?
we were in this country yesterday .
today , i do not know , maybe someone on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those , uh ...
and he doesn 't know he 's infected with a disease , and we don 't know , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love to lie .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
a little , a little , little , that helps you .
i know you did , because half the americans do that every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it makes no difference how often we find out they 're useless .
the data keeps it .
they black their urine .
that 's okay , you like to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i agree .
dark .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate the odds .
we hate a government too strong .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it is absolutely cold , cold , cold and cold , to ourselves that can .
so we walk away from it , where are we ?
we walk into the arms of the gods .
that 's great .
but , you know , this is really serious , because this stuff sucks , and we spend billions .
and i have all sorts of little props .
none of which , of which , cheating , cheating , cheating , cheating , i don 't even know what that is , but we spend billions on it .
when i say , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
that 's how they feel .
and you know what ?
because i don 't care , whether it 's the , who says , " well , i won 't take the receipts from my experts , " or some kind of , who wants to treat his patients .
when they go this way , where faith and magic replace and science , they come to a place they don 't .
they come to south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people , because he insisted that red , beets , garlic and garlic , are much more effective than prescription drugs that we know that they can slow the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of deaths in a land worse than any .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
they always do .
now , the epidemic of which we are now , is this absurd struggle between the food and food .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything that we eat , every tree , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts changed .
you know , there wasn 't a place in paradise .
there weren 't any .
we did all that .
we 've done it for the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions , millions of people to extend .
you won 't ?
i must say i don 't understand .
we refuse to change food .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i keep hearing is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones , we don 't want big fields with one thing .
we don 't want companies to live .
we don 't want companies to own seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge , but it 's not science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know science is not a company .
she 's no country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we 're afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions .
you know , in the next 50 years , we will have to grow 70 % more food than right now .
this investment in africa for the last 30 years .
embarrassing .
you need this , and we don 't .
and why ?
we do not wish to encourage people to eat this , such as food .
it 's something that eats half a billion .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists build all this .
and then people could eat the food and won 't go blind .
you wouldn 't starve , and you know what ?
it would be nice .
and all i can say is why do we fight ?
i mean , why do we fight ?
because we don 't want gene ?
it 's not about gene .
it is not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our desire for greater food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if if we don 't , if we keep doing as we do so , we 'll be guilty of something that we , i don 't think , don .
there 's no other description for what 's happening .
it is selfish , it is ugly , it is not worthy , and we really must .
after this incredibly funny conversation , they might say , " do you still want to go to that ridiculous time machine and the future ? "
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on anything we want .
we can take them where we want them , and we will move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we get into the time machine and into the future , we 'll be glad we did .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , it 's something the world needs .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes something real , because that 's how you feel .
so that we understand each other , i would now show you a simple magic .
and i will show you how it works .
i , myself , i , myself , learned from the scout of magic .
i 'll take him out for you and then explain .
and then i will explain why .
see what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'll just keep the knife in my fist .
i push my sleeve .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or out of him , i will just slit my wrist right here .
in that way , you can see that there is no time to move , as long as i stay here , nothing can walk in my sleeve .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my bare magnetism .
it actually sits so tight in his place i can shake it without the knife .
nothing goes in my sleeve , or comes out , and you can investigate .
ta-da !
well , it 's a trick that i often teach little kids who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception , when you look , even though it 's a very simple trick .
most of you know this trick .
here 's how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say that i cut my wrist to make sure nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that 's a lie .
the reason why i cut my wrist is because there is the real mystery .
in the moment , where my hand from you , to see you from behind , this finger here , my index , from where he was , in a position .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who had no childhood .
right .
and when i turn around , fingers change position .
but that 's not the point .
of course it is held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index , which is now .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i walk away , is hidden by this movement , that the finger .
and here 's the knife .
this trick you can show your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the money ?
a year or so , i read a study that really hit me .
i am not a doctor or a scientist , which is why it was an amazing thing .
it turns out , when you offer a white pill in the shape of a white pill , in the form of a brain , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain effect .
but if you change the shape , in which you administer , for example , in a smaller pill , and color these blue and mark a letter , it 's actually more effective .
and that , though none of them are any kind , they 're just .
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
what ?
it turns out it 's not all .
if you take capsules , they 're even more powerful than pills .
a colored capsule which is yellow and red on the other side is better than a white capsule .
even the dosage matters .
a pill twice a day is not as good as three pills .
the bottom line is ...
... that , too , a role .
and shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate , you have to grab a needle .
a syringe with a needle , a couple of cc 's of a chemical injected into a patient .
it creates a very strong picture in the head .
this chart is really ... i will show it to you another time when we have a projector .
so the fact is that the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't seem as good as the needle .
and none of it has a very , very unique quality , it is only our faith in us .
i wanted to know if i could use that idea for magic .
i take something that obviously is a deception and make it look .
we know from that study that you have to take to the needle if you want .
this is an 18 inches long , it is very , very sharp , and i shall first sterilize it .
this is my flesh .
this is my skin .
i now i will now stab this needle into my skin and drive through it , until you walk the other side .
if you feel bad , if you faint , i put some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest , if you get sick quickly , you 'll look away for the next 30 seconds , or , you know , i 'll do the first sensitive part .
you can see it , but you can look , if you like .
so , it goes , right here where my flesh starts , on the bottom of my arms , i 'll just make a little .
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and on the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation that we had at the dance .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
that 's one , two , three , four , five .
well ,
i know what people think when they see .
they say , " okay , he 's probably not that stupid , and he 'll skin himself just to talk for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
how does this look ?
yeah , i know .
people in the back say , " okay .
the people in the village are coming in .
let me show you around .
it 's really my skin .
this is my flesh , and i can do it .
if you get sick , look away .
okay , let me shed some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally , i 'd take out the needle .
i would clean my arm and show them there are no wounds .
but i think , in this frame here and with the intention of making something real out of a deception , i will just leave the needle in there and walk away .
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
thank you .
everyone talks about happiness these days .
i 've let some people count the number of books , which , by the title in the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 , and there was a lot .
there is a huge wave of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of all this tide of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly .
and my lecture today is mostly about these cognitive traps .
that is for the people who think about their own happiness , for scientists who think about happiness , because it turns out we 're just as confused as anyone .
the first of these traps is a natural to admit .
it turns out the word happiness is just not a useful word because we use it too many .
i think there is a certain meaning that we could limit , but in the great and all , that is something we must give up , and we will have to take the complicated view of what is .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , in the end , between happiness in his life and be happy about life or happiness .
and these are two very different concepts , and they are both in the idea of happiness .
and the third is the third , and that is the unfortunate fact that we cannot think of a circumstance that affects well-being without meaning .
i mean , it 's a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really emotional , that ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what it had ruined was the memories of experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of beautiful music .
they did not count , because , with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had .
what that really tells us is that we can think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two .
there is a man who , living in the present , who knows the present , is able to relive the past , but essentially only the present .
it is the , that the doctor himself , the doctor , you know , when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch you ? "
or " what was your trip to albania ? " or something .
these are two very two very different units , the same , and the same , and confusing the two is part of happiness .
well , it is a storyteller .
and it really starts with a basic reaction to our memories .
we don 't only tell stories when we 're about telling stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what to keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
i will not go into detail , she is no more painful these days , but she was painful when this study was done in the study .
you were asked to report every 60 seconds of your pain .
and here are two patients .
and they ask , " which of them suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain , patient a had patient b , and more .
but now there is another question : " how did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise .
and the surprise is that patient " a " had a much worse sense of colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the world , and because a very important part of history is how it ends
and none of these stories are very , very , or great , but one of them is clearly ...
but one of them is clearly worse than the other .
and the one who was worse , where the pain was at the end of his height .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people for their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was much worse for " a " than for " in " .
well , that is a direct conflict between the self and the conflict .
from the sight of itself , b clearly had a worse time .
that will make the patient suffer , but only a little and much less .
what 's a story ?
and that is for the stories that the memory gives us and the stories we invent .
which , a story , a history , a history , is a matter of time and end .
ends are very , very important and in this case the end .
well , the self of life is a constant .
it has moments of vision , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is simple .
most of them will be completely ignored by their own .
and yet somehow , you somehow get the impression that you should count , that what happens during those moments of life .
it is the limited resource we consume while we are in this world .
and as we consume it , it would seem important , but it 's not the story that keeps us .
so , we have the , we have the , we have , and we have , and they are very different .
the biggest difference between you is time .
from view of the , even if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first , then the first , on a double vacation .
that 's not the way it works for itself .
for the most , even for a holiday is not much better than vacation , because there are no new memories .
you haven 't changed the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable , which is different from a very , very , very .
well , the , the , even makes more than to remember and tell stories .
it 's not even a voice in that choice .
actually , we do not choose between experiences .
and even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future .
we think about our future as memories .
and basically , you can see that , you know , as a tyranny of the flesh itself , and you can think of yourself as one , which , in a way , will bring through the experiences that don .
i have the impression that if we take a vacation , it is often the case , which means we take a vacation in the service of our own .
and that 's a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how did we forget ?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the host .
and i , i probably have from my memories of this journey , i would say for about 25 minutes in the last four .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
that 's why i want you to think about a change .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of vacation , all your paintings will be destroyed , and you get a prescription drug so you won 't remember .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the ones we choose is a problem that gives us a choice between the two .
well , the two kinds of themselves , two words of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness we can use , one .
so you can ask , how happy is that ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the dragon ?
and they are all happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea from the happiness of the moment .
if you ask for the happiness of yourself , it 's a very different thing .
it 's not about how happy a person lives .
it is about how happy or how happy the person is when that person thinks about their lives .
very different term .
anyone who does not different those words will ruin the exploration of happiness , and i belong to a lot of scientists who have screwed up the exploration of happiness .
the between the happiness between the happiness of itself , and the satisfaction of being recognized in the last few years , and now you try to measure them separately .
in the world of the world , a worldwide survey of more than half a million people have been asked questions about what they think about their lives and about their experiences .
in the last few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two .
and the lesson we , i think , learned is that they are really different .
you can know how happy someone is with their life , and it really doesn 't teach them how happy he lives and the other .
just to give you an impression of the state of mind , which is , you know , kind of .
what that means is that if you were to meet someone , and they would tell you , oh , his father is a master , how much would you know ?
well , you would know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that when i tell you that someone has his life as eight on a scale of ten , you have much uncertainty about how happy he is with his own .
so , it 's a little .
we know something about what the satisfaction of being .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness mainly means to be content with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but this is dominant .
so if you want the happiness of the two species of yourself , you will do very different things .
the conclusion from what i 've said here is that we should not , happiness .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a short , a different reason we can 't think about happiness is that we don 't care for the same things when we think about life and when we actually .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in california won 't get the correct answer .
when you ask that question , you think people in california must be happier if you , say , in ohio .
and what happens when you think about life in california , you think the difference between california and other places , and that difference , we say , in the climate .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important to the climate itself , and it 's not even very important for itself , which decides how happy .
but , because , because , because , because , in the end , you can at the end of a few people could move to california .
and it 's kind of interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california hoping to be happier .
well , your self will not be happier .
we know .
but one thing will happen , they will think that they are happier , because when they think about it , they will remember how terrible the weather was in ohio .
it is very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i have given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result that came from this particular survey .
is that something you can share because you have a few minutes ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the most recent survey is a number we absolutely didn 't expect .
we found that , in view of the happiness itself .
when we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that 's a very large american , about 600,000 , but it 's a huge income ,
60,000 .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year , people are unhappy , and they become more unhappy , the poorer .
we 'll get a very flat .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such shallow lines .
what happens , it is obvious that money doesn 't give you money , but that lack of money will surely bring misery , and we can measure this misery very , very .
in the sense of the other , the self , you get another story .
the more money you earn , the happier .
it 's not for emotions .
but danny , in all american effort , life , freedom , desire .
if people would take this report seriously , i mean , it all seems to be upside down , everything we believe , for example , in terms of brain and all .
is there any chance that politicians , that the country would , in general , take a report as serious and make politics ?
you know , i believe that there is credit for the role of political .
the recognition will slowly be in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom it just happens and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it will take a while , and people will argue whether they want to explore or if they want to explore , so we have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how you can increase happiness is a very different depending on how you think and whether you think of yourself , or whether you think of yourself .
this will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , you try to measure the population .
it will , i think , in the next , a or two , will be part of the national statistics .
well , it seems to me , this issue , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few .
thank you for the invention .
thank you .
i 'm jane , i design computer games .
i have now , for 10 years and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save .
i want to convince more people , including you , to spend more time playing games .
at this point , we spend 3 billion hours a week with a lot .
some of you might think , " that 's a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have in the real world .
but , in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future , the opposite .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the world .
in fact , i am convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we must increase this time .
i 've calculated that the needed time at 21 billion hours a week .
no , i mean it .
this picture is pretty precisely why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species .
this is a portrait of photographer phil .
he wanted to catch his feelings playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic language .
if you 're not a gambler , you might miss a few of the players in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a bit of fear , but also the most concentration , in solving a really difficult problem .
and if you play , you see some of you , here , with your eyes open and your mouth are a sign of optimism .
this is a gambler who stands on the edge of a so-called epic victory .
oh , you know that .
a victorious victory is a result that is so positive that you didn 't even know it was .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you reach it , you are shocked that you are actually capable of such .
this player is about an epic victory .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces in all over the world , when we attack the hurdles of the next century , the face of those who stand against all odds .
well , unfortunately , we rather see that face in real life , when we face trouble .
i call it " life i 'm bad " , and it 's actually my face , see ?
that 's me , how i make life bad .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where in my thesis , why we are better than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players .
we think that in reality we are not as good as in .
and i not only mean less successful , though that .
i mean , with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired .
and in reality , when we fail , when we cross paths , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened .
we never have these feelings when we play games , they just don 't .
and that 's what i was trying to do as a test .
why is it impossible to play to think you can 't just do anything ?
how can we express these feelings from playing to reality ?
so i , i watched games like world of stars , which offers the ideal environment for the world .
and i have found a few things that make epic victories so .
so , first , when you get into one of these , especially on world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters who are willing to give you a mission .
but not just any mission , but a mission that 's perfect for your current level , right ?
so you can .
you never get a job you can 't solve .
but always at the edge of your skills , so you have to try , but there is no unemployment in world .
you don 't sit around , you sit , you sit , you sit , you sit , you sit , you sit , and you sit there , there 's always something important .
and there are lots of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic .
in real life , it 's not so easy , the feeling that there are plenty of employees .
besides , there is this epic story , this inspiring story , why we are and what we have to do .
then we get all that positive feedback .
you must have heard of " level high " and " plus one strength " or " plus one . "
this constant feedback is not real .
when i leave this stage , i do not speak , plus one crazy idea , plus 20 crazy .
i can 't get that feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of love is that it is so satisfying to stand on the edge of an epic victory that we would rather spend all our time in these .
they 're just better than reality .
to this day , all the world of the world , together , has spent millions of years solving virtual problems .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to see it in context , millions of years ago , we began to walk .
the first upright , then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend with games right now , it only makes sense when you think of the time in terms of human development .
but also , because it turns out that we , using to play all this time , actually change what we 're capable of .
we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
that 's the truth .
look at these interesting statistics , recently published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average young man from now on in a country with a very strong rate of age .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two .
first of all , for children in the united states , for hours , the exact hours they spend in school , from fifth grade to high school , if never .
so , here we have a full , full of , young people , learning what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of you read the new book of malcolm , " super . "
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success .
it is based on the great research of the world , that , if we spend 10,000 hours with the study of a certain age , we will master .
we become so good at whatever to do , like the world .
so what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are .
so the big question is , what exactly are players ?
because if we could figure that out , we wouldn 't have any human potential before .
so many people we now have in the world , who spend at least an hour a day .
500 million people who are remarkably good at something .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players , which are very good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the , the , the , the , the energy , the energy , the energy , and work , instead of the , so players in the world , especially in india , china , brazil .
you expect another billion players in the next decade .
we have a total of 1.5 billion .
so i started to think what it is , what to master .
here are the four things i found .
okay , think of that as extreme .
it is the desire to do something immediately , to master an obstacle , with faith that we have a reasonable hope .
players always believe that a victory is possible , and that it 's always worth trying .
players don 't sit around .
players are masters in the spiders are poets .
there are a lot of interesting investigations that show that we like people more after we played with them , even if they beat us .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be held , that we have the same goal and will remain .
so , so , in the way , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the .
as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason why the average of 22 hours a week , so to speak .
the reason is that when we play , we are actually happier to work hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that , as human beings , we work best when we do hard work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right .
and eventually , epic .
players love to be part in awe of missions .
here , here , to put this in the right light .
the world 's second largest , with almost 80,000 , is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
they have gathered more information about world of stars on the internet than any other subject in the world .
they create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge of the world .
okay , so that 's four super powers that lead to a single result .
they are people who believe they can change the world .
and the only problem is they think they can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward .
his work is brilliant , he studies , why people spend so much time .
and he says , " we will witness not less than one in virtual worlds . "
and it 's from a man 's .
and he says ...
not like me , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so he says it actually makes sense , because players can do more than real .
you can make stronger social ties in games than in real life .
so , he says it is now perfectly logical that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not an art .
we must begin to turn the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that lasted 2,500 .
there are these ancient dice , made of stone .
before those fantastic , there was .
and they were , like , the first of human beings .
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek , maybe you know this story , the story about how and why games .
according to the , the games , games , more , in the kingdom , were invented during a famine .
supposedly there was such a great famine , that the king of macedonia chose a crazy idea .
the people .
it was an extreme situation .
so , they invented , according to the , according to the , and decided a national strategy .
and they would be so , so , so , they would be so ... so fascinating ... and surrounded us ... with , uh ... .. and productivity that they would forget there was nothing .
and then , the next day you would play , and the next day you would eat .
and according to the , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating and playing the next .
the same , i think , let 's play today .
we play games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we play games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , everything in real life is not satisfying , and we get what we need .
but that doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the exciting .
after 18 years the famine was no better , the king decided to set up one last .
they split the kingdom in half .
they played a game and the winners were allowed to go on an epic .
they left and went looking for a new home .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but in the latest news , the , which later formed the roman empire , the same dna as the old .
that 's why scientists recently thought that " crazy " is true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling system that lasted almost 20 years , which could explain famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
you may have actually saved your people by playing for 18 years by running into games and then had this inspiration and learning so much about playing , that you saved civilization .
we can .
we 've been gambling since 1994 .
that was the first time in real time in real time , that was 16 .
they played for 18 years , we 've been playing for 16 .
i say we are ready for our own game .
so , they sent half their civilization to search for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should in it that half of us spend an hour a day playing until we solve the real world .
i know you will ask , " how do we solve problems of the real world ? " and that is the question i have dedicated my work to the institute for the past .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , it is as we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future .
what we want is the future .
we want to imagine the best outcome , and then people , to turn this into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to achieve .
i show you three games that i designed to try to make people epic wins in their own .
this is " world without oil . "
the game is from 2007 .
it 's a secret that you need to overcome a memory .
we tested this game with 700 players in 2007 , and we 've been with them for the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was an experience .
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they are in an epic adventure and they say , " we 're out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure to go .
find out how they would survive .
so , we , for the next game , we have put a bigger , higher goal than only .
we 've developed the game of " the institute for the future . "
the point of the point is that the people only have 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called " a " .
the call of players , to sign in , we almost made like a " game . "
you know , jerry , where there is , where there is , the astronaut , the scientist , the ex-con and only together can save the world .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
they found 500 incredibly creative solutions , which they can read , when they say .
and the last game we bring out on march 3rd .
when you close the game , you will receive from the world bank the award " social " , 2010 .
we work with universities , we work in all the universities and invite them to learn social .
we have a comic , we understand " level high " for " , " " " , " , " " " , " sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
i want to invite them all to share this game with young people , all over the world , most of which benefit from imagining their own social enterprise .
i come to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life and that games have a meaning .
we have all of these super powers , productivity , the ability to tie tight social nets , and desire for meaningful .
i really , i really hope that we will play together great games to survive another century .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
in the next decade , when i , in the next decade , i am certain that we can create any future , and that we can all play .
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i would like to tell you something i noticed a few months ago in writing an article for a paper .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
i 'll read to you .
healthy , strong , strong .
of course , it was an old , old , i just thought the issue must be pretty old .
but in fact , it was an issue in the early ' 80s , when i just started elementary , and started to build my favorite place outside of my family and shape , in terms of other children and me .
and , thank god , i didn 't use a dog .
if if i would take this , i would be born into a world that someone like me would feel as a person whose life in no way , but today i will be celebrated for the odds .
so i immediately called in the ' 80s , and i expected to find a more profitable contribution .
here 's the most beautiful version of this .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words , the last two words , " all " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we design these values .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and people around .
many , many , including the greeks , and the romans , believed that the language of a man has a great power , because what you say out loud can .
so , what are we supposed to do - - a disabled man or a human being ?
even to call a human being as a child , could be enough to narrow it down and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be better to open doors ?
a man who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in wilmington .
his name is dr .
and dr. p. used to fly very colorful , and to work with children .
i found the time i spent in this hospital just great - except for my physical .
and imagine , i have even as a child with dr. p. and tried to stop these exercises without success .
and if you do , i 'll give you a hundred .
and i wonder today , how his vision of me as strong and strong , young girl , has shaped and i could imagine myself as one of nature .
it is only an example of many , as adults in the age of a child .
but as , as , as the , of the , of which , as the , of which we all wish , to be able to see ourselves as human .
our language , the social changes , which , in many cases , have been caused by a change .
so , perhaps , in this , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the , of the , the , the , of the , the , the , and the human ability to adapt .
but the truth is that we change , of course we are of the challenge , whether it is physically , emotionally or even .
and i say that 's good .
it is not an obstacle that we must fight to better with our lives .
odds simply belong to our lives .
and i tend to see odds as my shadow .
sometimes sometimes i realize that he is very present , sometimes he 's hard to see , but he 's always with me .
and i do not want to , in no way , the impact of a man .
in life there are odds and challenges , and they are only real , and every person is different , but the question isn 't whether we can deal with odds or not .
so , we are not only responsible for keeping the people we love , to keep , but to prepare them to get along .
and we will do our children no favor if we make them feel they can 't adapt .
you must separate two things clearly , to one the medical fact , to be amputated and to the other , the social opinion of whether or not .
and to be honest , the only real and permanent handicap that i had to deal with is that the world always thinks she can describe me with these .
maybe the current concept that only cares about what is broken , and how we fix it , for each and every one bigger handicap than pathology .
if we do not treat a human being , and not all his powers and opportunity , we , in addition to the natural struggle they may have to lead , another .
we , a man who has value for our society .
so we have to look beyond the point of view and focus on all of human possibilities .
most important , but is that between the perception of our relationship and our great , there is .
we should not , we should not deny these times or deny , we should not try to avoid them , or should we turn them under the carpet , but the odds .
it is perhaps more to me to realize that we must not necessarily overcome odds , but that we are open to embrace them , to grab them by the hair , to even dance .
and maybe , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
in this year we celebrate the 200 , birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed to something very , very .
i would so i would so , not the strongest of his kind , not the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt .
conflict creates creativity .
not only from the work , we know that the power of man , to survive and to survive , from the battle of the human mind is destined to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adjustment are the greatest skills .
and perhaps we may not know which wood we are cut , if we really are .
perhaps that is precisely the meaning of adversity , perception of me , a sense of our own .
we can give ourselves something .
we can give a new meaning that comes out through times .
maybe we can see odds as change .
for a change that we have not yet adapted .
i think the greatest damage we 've done to ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
who 's normal ?
there 's no normal .
but not the normal , and would you really want to meet that poor , gray person , if there really were ?
i don 't think so .
we have found out that we humans of the members of our society have always claimed to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal had already worn the age of 60,000 and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened , because the life experience in society was valuable :
you have not seen these people as broken and useless , treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i went to the city where i grew up , in the red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i stood there in a bushel .
it was summer and i wore shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me saying , " if that 's not aimee mullins . "
and i turn around and i see this older man .
and i said , " sorry , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you should hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her from her mother 's belly .
oh , that .
and of course it did .
that was dr. , a man , a man i only knew from my mother 's stories about this day , because , of course , i was , typical , for my birthday two weeks .
my mother 's doctor was on vacation , so my parents knew the man who made me .
and because i was born without my feet , and my feet after them , and i just a few toes on this and a pair of toes on the other foot , he was the messenger , the bad news .
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you can simply not stress enough how the importance of a man 's quality .
you see , dr .
he had understood that the medical diagnosis , and how someone handling it is two different things .
and even i changed my thinking in the course of time , if you had asked me at the age of 15 , if i had switched my legs for flesh and bones , i wouldn 't hesitate .
i wanted to be normal .
if you ask me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's what happened because i experienced something with my legs and not in spite of these .
and maybe this change could also , because i 've met so many people who opened doors to me instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or to give me an idea .
you see , it really only takes a man to show you how to power , and you 're through .
if you give it to someone to activate their own inner powers , the human spirit is so ... if you can do it and open a door for someone in a crucial moment , you 're a very good teacher .
they teach them to open themselves .
the real meaning of the meaning of the word .
it means , something that , in one , is the potential .
again , what potential do we want ?
in the ' 60s , in great britain , in britain , in the ' 60s , in britain , in the ' 60s .
they call it that , " in the united states , " we call it " .
the students will be divided by grades .
and the " a " students are tested harder , the better teachers get .
they then , for over a period of time , students with a " enough " the note " very good .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that , in other words , they are only sufficient .
and the same , after the three months .
but only those who were still in school , except for the students who threw .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers were not in .
the teachers didn 't know something was changed .
they were simply told , that they are , and that the students with the note , and that 's how they taught them and treated them .
the only real handicap is a broken mind , a broken spirit , broken , has no hope .
but if we can , to support the human spirit , to continue to hope to find ourselves and other people around , to be curious , and then we will , indeed .
if a spirit of these qualities , we can create a new reality and new .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are ?
assuming , i said that , with a few changes of their genes , a better memory could be more precise , more and faster .
or would they want to be stronger , stronger .
would you like to be more attractive and more confident ?
how would it be to live in good health ?
or maybe you 're one of those who 's always more creative .
which would you like most ?
what would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what 's wrong ?
the majority .
if you could only have one , it would be a whole different world .
is it all just imagination ?
or is it possible ?
the evolution of evolution has been a topic here on earth , but today i would like to give you the opinion of a doctor .
the great geneticist , in the 20th century , in the 20th century , the one who was also a member of the russian church , once wrote an essay with the title " nothing in biology makes no sense but evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , consider this , is it the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for others or is it us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of the human part of this , far at the end , is of course what we 're most interested in .
we branches from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees , about six or eight .
in that period , there may have been 20 or 25 different types of hair .
some have come and gone .
we 've been here for over 130,000 .
it seems we are rather remote from the other parts of life , but in the most part , the basic mechanisms are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it , and we can use the mechanisms of a common , to produce the protein of the human brain used to treat diabetes ?
this is not , it 's not , it 's the same protein , it 's chemical from what comes from the pancreas .
and speaking of bacteria , do you realize that each of us in our bowels is more bacteria than it does in the rest of our body ?
maybe ten times .
i mean , do you ever think , when antonio is asking about the bacteria ?
our gut is a beautiful environment for this bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will give them all the nutrients they could only wish without effort .
it really is a very easy way for bacteria , with the occasional interruptions , forced to go .
but otherwise , they are a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as important to their lives .
they help with the digestion of the disease .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of balance in the form of a marriage ?
or are we destined to be something else - something that might even be adjusted to the environment ?
in this vast symphony of the universe , life on the earth is only short , like a beat , and of human life .
we were .
this also represents the sound of that speech , so i hope you like it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first .
i was fascinated by elegance and beauty .
i fell in love with the strength of evolution , and i , in which , in most , the existence of life , in the cells , share every cell , and all genetic information .
but at the time , when the organisms appeared , things began to change .
sexual reproduction .
with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the genome becomes expendable .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the death of our body in evolution at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i have come to understand the feelings of george burns , who , in las vegas , is the show in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him , there is a very , very , very thin .
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here for " .
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the knowledge , as a doctor , that i , to a purpose which was different than the goal of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , only .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy .
evolution is all about the growth of the earth to the next generation , adjustment and survival generation .
from a point of view , you and i are designed like booster missiles to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit , and then fall into the sea .
i i think we would all understand the mood that woody allen expressed when he said , " i do not wish to achieve immortality .
i want to achieve it by not dying .
evolution does not necessarily mean the longest .
it does not inevitably the greatest , the strongest or the fastest , not even the smartest .
evolution , the creatures that the best to adapt .
it is the only test of survival and success
on the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria , which are , which , by which the hot steam , otherwise , if fish were there , they would have cooked fish to follow , yet they managed to create an environment .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some kind of balance .
and the reasons for that we , the first , through medicine , managed to get a lot of genes that otherwise would have been drained and removed from the population .
and second , we , as a , we , as we , our environment , that we have managed to adapt to us just as we adapt to them
and , by the way , we , we wander , and we mix so much that they can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to survive .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , by nature .
and the argument , here would be the wheels of evolution slowly , but they are relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , as we , as a species of distant planets , there will be insulation and the changes of the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but if there is a third possibility , a most fascinating and terrifying possibility
i , i call it the , the new development , which is not simple , but led and decided by us as a leader in the decisions we make .
well , how did that happen ?
how could it be possible that we ?
let we first face reality that people today , in some cultures make decisions about their offspring .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men .
it 's not very good for society , but it 's what the one and the family decide .
so you think , if it were not only possible to choose the sex of your child , but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would cure and cure .
what if you could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or reduce the loss of the brain ?
wouldn 't you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we fail , this kind of change will be possible .
the human , the human , the project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 .
it cost $ 200,000 .
in the next year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same for $ 20 million in each .
today , you can set a sequence of the three billion of the human race to a price of about $ 20,000 and into the room of about a week .
it won 't be long before reality , that there will be the $ 1,000 human rights , and it will be available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin can produce in bacteria that can not only protect itself , but can also provide immunity for other viruses .
believe it , believe it or not , it is an experimental study in motion with vaccine , which has been bred in the cells of an earth .
can you think of anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today and in the future , much more .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if they could change the sperm and eggs or the fresh egg to give their children a better chance for a better life - - to eliminate diabetes , reduce the risk ?
who doesn 't ?
and then , the technique , the same engine of science that can make changes to prevent disease , could also allow us to say goodbye , memory .
why do not have the skills of a ken jennings , especially if you can expand with the next generation ?
why not have the fast ones that will make you walk faster and longer ?
why no longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and if when we are in a place where we can pass it to the next generation , and we can adopt the ones that we want , we will be converted to evolutionary .
we will have a process , which , in the rule , may take 100,000 years , and we can take it for a thousand years and maybe even for the next 100 .
these are decisions with which your grandchildren or their grandchildren must be .
do we use these decisions to form a society better , the more successful , the more friendly ?
or will we , or will we choose a different kind of a we want for some of us and not others ?
are we to form a society , to form a society , to form a society , or is it , or is it ?
these are the kind of questions we must face .
and on the deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop wisdom and to master the wisdom that we will need to make those decisions ?
in the good as in evil , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be on us .
thank you .
i want you to think of something now , a portable robot that gives you superhuman skills , or someone else who helps to get up and go .
we at berkeley , we call them robots .
they are nothing more than something they set in the morning and that gives them extra strength , and that will increase their speed , and that will help them keep their balance .
that is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only do not only merge with it , and , with the universe and other devices .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
to show you now what we are working on , we begin to talk about the american soldier , who , on average , is about 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request for more equipment .
of course , this leads to some major complications , 30 % of which chronic .
so we thought that we would take this challenge and create an act that would help deal with that .
so now let me present to you , or the human universal carrier .
i can carry 200 pounds of land .
its design , its design allows it to sit deep , crawl and carry out most moving .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and then raise my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this device , this new year .
so it 's true .
now , let us now look at our eyes , something that i find particularly passionate .
there are 68 million people who are in a wheelchair .
that 's , like , a percent .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk here about very young people , who , in the age of 20 , 30 , ' 40s , ' 40s , and the chair is the only option .
but it is also about the population of the population , whose number is .
and pretty much the only option , when it comes to a , or other complications is the wheelchair .
and , by the way , for 500 years , since his , as i must say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now let me now introduce to you , the worn by amanda , who , 19 years ago , suffered the result that she could no longer walk .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our dress .
it has sensors
his fully equipped sensors in the crutches , the signals on our radar which is attached to your back .
here are also , the , the , the , the , is on your hips , just like the ones you move forward in this very , very natural .
i was 24 years old , and in the best , than i was , as i was , when i was born .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement beneath my back .
not long after a doctor walked into my room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never be able . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every ounce of hope from my mind .
i 've had technology since i 've learned to ski again , to climb and even ride .
but nothing was invented that would let me go until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have technology , we have the technology to meet and discuss .
it is in our hands and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations , not only for the soldiers , or for here and for amanda , but for all .
thank you .
at home in new york , i am the head of an organization called robin hood .
if if i do not fight poverty , i shall fight as an assistant to a volunteer .
well , in our city , in which volunteers have to support , you must be pretty early in the city to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the university , so i had a pretty good chance .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he had just had a very serious conversation with the chief , who certainly had one of the worst days of her .
it was in the middle of the night , and she stood in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella in the rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteers , who had arrived close to me , we call him lex luther , first to the captain , and was asked to go to the house and save the dog of the dragon .
the dog .
there was a lawyer or lawyer , who now , for the rest of his life , to tell people that he went into a burning house to save a living just because he was five seconds faster .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me .
he said , " you must go to the house .
you have to go up , past the fire , and have to get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you think , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down where i met my nemesis and the beloved .
we carried our treasures to the outside , where , not surprising , received more attention than mine .
a couple of weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the fire department , where it was for the brave effort to save her house .
one , above all , most of all , dear kindness .
both in my profession to robin hood and in my profession as a volunteer , i am a witness of generosity and kindness in the great , but i also see the deeds of charity and charity .
and you know what i learned ?
they all matter .
so , when i look around in this room and see people who either have succeeded or on their way there , i would like to offer the following .
don not wait to make a difference in another 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but every day offers us a chance to change .
so go , save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i just came back from a community who knows the secret of humanity .
a place where women lead the scepter , say hello , and play the day where fun is .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , relatives .
this is the world of the wild forest of congo .
we are together with chimpanzees our next living .
that means we have a common ancestor , a grandmother who lived about six million .
well , chimps are known for their aggression .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect in the story of human evolution .
but the other side
while apes are led by big , scary , scary , scary guys , the female is led .
they really made up there , because it leads to a very powerful society , which has not yet been watched .
but unfortunately , the least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the valley of the shadow , and they are hard to observe .
the is a paradox , a land of extraordinary beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself , the scene of a violent struggle , which has lasted for decades and as many lives as world .
it does not surprise , that this destruction also threatens the survival of the fittest .
and the drop and the drop of the rope , that you couldn 't even fill a stadium with the leaves and even we 're not sure to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a laugh that the trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know them as " love instead of war " , because they also have sex with partners , and rules of conflict and social .
i do not say that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems , for the life of the church is more than the sutra .
as men love to play .
it 's not just a game .
for us , and it is a game , for the commitment of relationships and tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
the play is to increase creativity and creativity , and it is most of all about the variety of interactions , variety of behavior , variety .
and when you watch , in the game , you see the most beautiful , human laughter and rituals .
the game is the kitt , the one that gets us .
well , i don i don i don not know how you play , but i want to show you some unique footage from the wild .
at first , there 's a football . i don 't think about football .
so here we see a young female and a male in a tree .
look what she does .
it could be the origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
only that i think he likes it more .
yes !
so it is so , they are spread , both of them .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms , some of which are a little more calm , more curious , perhaps to discover the surprise .
and i want to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully .
i think , just like you , sometimes we play alone , and we , we , the boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that allows us to research and interact , and the unexpected , which we form are the true , creative .
this is just a small taste of the insight , which gives us the past and present .
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to growing challenges , by greater creativity and more cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our game .
in order to successfully adapt to the world we must play .
but are we going to do the best from our wedding ?
play isn 't silly
it 's a little .
for man and man alike , life is not of teeth and claws .
just when it hardly seems appropriate , maybe game is .
and therefore , my , my , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together , while the creativity the camaraderie and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two couples , middle 1979 , the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each shows a baby .
so two couples , each shows a baby .
now , i do not want you to use too much time to imagine , because , if you imagine the whole time , you won 't listen .
just imagine for a moment .
and in this scenario , you imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing a " y " , which hits the " x " .
and in the other case , the sperm is wearing an x that hits the " x " .
they 're both light , both light .
we 'll come back to these people later .
most of my work , i have two hats .
under a hat , i deal with the history of anatomy .
in this case , i have studied , and in this case , i study , like people with anatomy , human body , animal body , body like you with bodily fluids , like you thought about body .
the other hat that i wore at my work , is the , the , the , the , or , as i sometimes say , as a lawyer of people who are doctors .
in this case , i have worked with people who have , who question social standards .
i , for example , worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one .
i have worked with people who have worked with people who were more than usual .
and i have often , i have worked with , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many .
and as a general term , we can use the word .
it comes in many different forms .
i only give you a few examples of the possible types of women who don 't match the male or female .
in a case , you might have someone with a stick , and the , of the " y " , you let the , which we all have to grow .
and that 's why the testicles are giving testosterone .
but because because this individual is the lack of the ability to see testosterone , the body does not respond to testosterone .
and that 's what they call " a " .
so much testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body is more to the female .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but it takes most of the time to reach puberty and grow her breasts and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone comes to something .
and they run a few tests , and they find out that instead of the womb , she actually wears testicles and that she has a y .
but it 's important to understand that you could actually think this person is male , but they 're not .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that they call .
they are in the back of our body .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
most women , as i , i believe , to be a typical woman , i do not know my true love , but i think i probably have the typical women like me .
we 're making a film , and we 're talking to the press .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that was more exposed than a woman born with testicles , and has .
so sex is really complicated , but not only in the middle of sex , in a certain way , they can be spread across the range
he had an extreme form of a congenital .
and in the womb , in the womb , he was so strong , that they essentially created a male .
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was exposed to the male part .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy , nobody knew .
and only when he was 19 years old , he had enough medical problems , actually , because inside , the doctors found out he was female .
okay , just one more quick example for a version of animal .
some people with advanced chromosomes , develop something , which is called , which is covered by bone .
we don 't know exactly why .
so sex can in many different ways .
the reason why children with that kind of body is , it is , or siamese twins , is it often to be adjusted to the norm , is not because this is for their physical advantage .
in many cases these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why many different types of surgical procedures is because they threaten our social categories .
our system is based on the idea that a certain form of identity .
so we have the concept that being a woman , is to have a female identity , to be a black person , allegedly , an african anatomy in mind .
so , we have this terrible idea .
and when we are faced with a body which , in fact , is something very different to us , it confuses us .
so in our culture , we have a lot of romantic ideas .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , two people in a body .
since i had experienced most of the excitement lately , the last year , was the last year , whose sex in berlin was questioned .
many journalists have called me with the question , " what test will you do , who will tell us whether caster is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalist that there is not .
we now know that sex is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature for us does not draw a line between male and female , or male and female , and feminine , which , of course we pretend .
and that is not only about sex .
it is also about race , which , as much more complicated than our own .
with our security , we are in all possible areas .
for example , the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimpanzees .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we are only different from them ?
while we continue our science , we continue to move on to a zone where we have to acknowledge that the fundamental categories we probably had are too simple .
we see in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas where we see this , in today 's culture , in today 's united states , fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about , at which point a body becomes human , so that he has another right than life .
we now have very difficult fights these days , may not be as public as in medicine about when someone is dead .
our ancestors used to never so hard to fight with the question when someone was dead .
you , at the most , you have a feather in your nose , and if you move , you haven 't buried it .
if she didn 't move , they buried her .
but today we are now in a situation where we extract human organs and want them to grow .
and as we are caught in the struggle with the really hard question when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple as before .
now , you could assume that the whole collapse of categories would make someone like me truly .
i i am political , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i must admit it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are really much more profound than we thought , makes me tense .
and it makes me tense about thinking about democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first confess that i am a big fan of the arts .
i know that they were , i know they were , but they were great .
i think that they were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what they did , that every couple of years of watching the musical , and it 's not because of music .
it 's because of what happened to the people .
from my point of view , the original activists , that .
what she was , was a very , very , and they replaced it with another radical and beautiful and 200 years for us .
as they all remember , our leaders refused the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept .
they had a concept of blue .
they were the sense that people who had political power should have that political power , because of the blood of the grandfather to the father and so on .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , and the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
they , the field , and they decided , that the , the , the , the , and that was very radical .
now , they made that part because they were part of a system where two things together .
democracy grew , but at the same time , science grew .
when you look at the history of science , it is clear that many of you were very interested in science , and you were interested in a concept of a world .
they went away from explanations of the way , and they cast things , like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transmission is based on a very vague , birthright .
they moved to an elaborate concept .
and , for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and god .
they do not speak of god and nature .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and , as part of it , she gave us a concept of common .
and with that , you have prepared the future .
but what they did for us was great .
so what happened years after ?
and women are successful .
the next , the success of the world , where we saw people , like the truth that came over , " am i not ? "
we find men in the ranks of the men who say , " i am a man . "
once again , people of different color , which , in common with the differences , again , successful .
we see the same thing at the school .
of course , the problem that , as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to question why we maintain certain breakups .
now , mind you , i wish to maintain certain breakups , to see , in our culture .
i , for example , would not give a fish the same rights as a man .
i do not wish to say that we should take distance from the anatomy .
i do not wish to say that the right to give her consent to sex or marriage .
so , there are some of the , uh , there are some , uh , ... that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep it and whether it makes sense .
so we come back to those two creatures who were conceived at the beginning of the war .
we have two beings , both born in 1979 the same day .
we imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months early , she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other side , is born to be born on march 1 , 1980
just because the fact that maria was born three months early , all possible rights three months before heinrich will have the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich must wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of his birth .
we will find others , in which their rights .
heinrich , since you believe that he is a male , although i have not told you that he is the one with a beard , since you assume that he is male , he can be moved in .
maria , on the other hand , cannot , in all states , can not feel the same right heinrich has in all states , to marry .
henry can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman .
so we have these permanent categories which , in many ways , are problematic and questionable .
and for me the question is , what will we do , since our science makes such progress in the part of the anatomy , that we reach a point where we must admit that a democracy could be based ?
i do not wish to give up science , but at the same time it feels like science itself .
so where are we going ?
it seems that our culture is a kind of , " well , we must draw a line somewhere , so we move it . "
but a lot of people get caught in a very strange position .
so , for example , texas decided at a point that marrying a man means you don 't have a " y " and marry a woman means you have a " .
now in practice , people don 't get tested on their own .
but it 's also very bizarre , because of the story that i first told you about .
if we look at one of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , in his " i have a dream " a way .
he says we should not judge people by their color , but by the quality of their character , and so forth .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their own ?
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
so how are we to question the qualities of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me wondering , what if the content of a personality is something that could be seen in the future .
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader of thinking about democracy .
in our effort for democracy , we did our cause well , and i think we would do our thing in the future .
conditions of this kind do not exist .
i am glad to be able to say that we do not have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke with a few years ago , who brought some siamese twins here to part with .
i told him , " now you have considered political asylum instead of surgery to separate ? "
the united states of the united states offer incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without them to change for the state .
that 's why i think we must be the leader .
well , just to close , i want to realize that i have talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy could be , or if we had more involved .
and i want to say something that is a bit radical , and i think there could be different kinds of insight , which of different kinds of anatomy , if a human being .
for years , since i 've been interested in art , i 've been interested in research in the field .
and one of the things that i thought was really interesting is the difference between men and women in the way they think and operate .
what we have learned from the study , is that women , on average , not each , but on the average , are more complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable .
and so , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation .
years years ago , when i was doing a dance , one of my favorite , who knew my interest in --
he said , " tell me what 's female .
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i 've ever heard .
it 's a matter of principle , it 's about to dissolve clichs about sex , so there 's nothing female .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there could be a female in the field .
which means there could be something , average , which makes women 's brains different from male , which makes us more attentive to social relationships , and more attentive to the sex .
and maybe it is where we should go in the future , when we think democracy over anatomy , less about the individual body , about identity , and more about relationships .
so that , when we , as people , try to make a more meaningful connection , we think about what we can do .
thank you .
i 'm jessi and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i will make a very public confession , and that is , i am obsessed with outfits .
i love to , for every opportunity , to find another , crazy outfit , to wear , and to photograph , and lately .
but i don 't buy anything .
i get all my clothes from the second hand on the back and the back .
ooh , thank you .
i am allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and my purse .
i meet all sorts of great people , my dollars usually serve a good cause , i look pretty unique , and it makes shopping for my very personal treasure .
i mean , what will i find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than 20 ?
when all the answers are , i feel like i 've won .
i come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week at ted .
i mean , what does someone with so many outfits ?
i will show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of panties , and that 's all .
panties for exactly one week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet that i would find anything else i might wear , if i came to palm springs .
and since you haven 't heard of me as the woman who 's walking around with ted in her underwear , that means i found some .
and i want to show you my outfits this week .
sound good ?
while while i do , i will also give you some of the lessons i , whether you believe it or not learned from these adventures , not to wear .
let 's start sunday .
i call that the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i ever wore .
on monday , color is a bit .
it 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood when you wear pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy .
tuesday :
i have spent a lot of time of my life trying to be myself and adapt .
just be who you are .
if they surround themselves with the right people , they will not only understand , they will .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me that i look like i 'm playing or i remember them .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
thursday , confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day .
but only when i turned 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i will brief you .
if you believe that you are a wonderful person inside and out , there is nothing you cannot wear .
so there is no excuse for anyone in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
on friday , a universal truth - five words - golden words match .
and in the end , saturday , to develop a unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without saying .
it was always and proved to me , when people came to me this week , just because of what i was wearing .
obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'll donate it all .
because the lesson that i myself try to learn this week is to let go .
i do not have to do these things emotionally , because right around the corner , there will always be another crazy , bright , shining outfit waiting for me when i have a little in my heart and find it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everybody .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a fly .
that 's what we call in our lab , design .
let me tell you a little .
a while ago , when you wanted to win a formula one , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and driver were good enough , they won .
they would call this , in , in , in .
and basically , it 's a system that is two parts - - one and one .
what is interesting these days is the beginning of life .
our cities have been , in the last few years , just equipped with electronics .
they become computers .
and as a computer in the free , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
when we set up cities , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i would like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth , but 50 % of the world .
they are 75 % of the radiation , causing to 80 % of the co2 .
so if we do something with the cities , that 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , all of the cities , and in objects of daily .
this is from an exhibition , that 's for the second of the year .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , begin to speak to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost as if every atom out there , a sensor and a sensor .
and that , radical changes the interaction that we humans have outside .
in a way , it 's almost like the old dream of michelangelo .
well , today , our environment begins for the first time to answer .
i will only show you a few examples - again , with the idea to perceive our environment .
let us begin .
now , the first project i want you to imagine is in truth one of the first .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won .
some of you will remember it was when italy played against france , and then at the end of the line .
and anyway , italy won
now look at what happened that day , only watching the activity that happens in the network .
here you see the city .
in the middle , the colosseum , the river .
in the morning , before the game .
you can see up there .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game starts - silence .
france makes a goal .
half , people make a short call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
in a moment of the shadow .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square , massimo , where , since roman time , people go to party to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't .
a quick example of feeling , this is not about people , but things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips a mac computer , how they came .
but we know little about where things go .
so in this project we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with a few volunteers who helped us , more than a year , in seattle , to mark the things that they were , different kinds of things , like they would .
then we got the little chips , the little stamps , stuck on the garbage and started following .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle .
after a week .
with that information , we realized there 's a lot of energy in the system .
we can do the same things with less energy .
the data wasn 't available .
but that 's what happens a lot of reckless transportation and complicated things .
but the other thing is that we believe that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it 's still on the planet .
and the ones we throw away every day .
and if we would show that to people , then we can move on .
so that 's why this project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago , spain .
it began with a question of the mayor , who came to us and said that spain and spain have a beautiful tradition to use in public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how could technology connect new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was investigated by a nuclear device was , imagine these tubes , and valves , valves that open and close .
they cause , like , a sea of water .
if this , if you can write this , you can write patterns , images , lines .
and you can approach him , and he will open himself to let you see in this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor .
he liked it .
and we got the order to design a building at the expo .
we called it the digital water .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if they approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was covered with water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to lower the syringe , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just the architecture almost disappears .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person wondering what happens inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not get wet .
well , i should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped .
but actually , it was more fun that night .
all the children from the city , all the children in the building , because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let it , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump now .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people use things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and this is the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here is now a picture of the building with the physical , the water and the projections .
and this is what made us think about the following project that i now show .
imagine if you could really start flying .
imagine , you could have little helicopters flying through the air , and each of them with a little light , almost like a cloud that can move .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving in with others .
you can have that cloud .
you can have some kind of visual screen or an ad , like this - - a formation in two .
or irregular , but in three dimensions , which changes , is the light , not the position .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine , in front of the screen could just appear in different sizes or sizes , in different sizes .
but then it could only be a 3-d cloud that you can walk into and move through which you can look from many , many ways .
here , you see a real , real , the , to form a new .
when you turn on the light , it looks that way .
imagine that each one is controlled .
it could have every single impulse that comes from people 's movements or something .
i want to show you something first .
we worked with roberto , we worked with roberto , one of the best of our time - - the at the metropolitan theater in new york and in milan - we took his movements in 3d to use it as an impulse .
you see roberto dancing .
on the left side , you see the , the different impressions .
at the same time , it 's a , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
so you can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all , you can play with it and play with color and gravity .
we would like to use that as a possible impulse for the main .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we work for the olympics in london .
it 's called the cloud .
the idea is , in turn , imagine that we bring people back in to do something and change the environment - almost as we call it , like a cloud .
imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity .
i think that the remarkable of the events of the past years , that for the last decades , we have changed from a physical to a digital world .
it has everything , knowledge , and makes it open through the internet .
today , we can for the first time , and the obama campaign , we can from the digital world , from the forces of the networks to the physical world .
that may , in our case , that we use it to create a symbol .
it means something built in the city .
but tomorrow , it can tomorrow , to give us the coming challenges - think about climate or co2 - - how can we change from the world to digital .
so the idea is that we actually include people in doing things together .
the cloud is again a cloud of dust , the same as a real cloud is a cloud .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud .
it is a beautiful form in london , but covered in water .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually see it from below , share the most important moments for olympia and 2012 , and use it as a bond .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at the top , like london 's new .
you can go in .
and a kind of digital lighthouse in the night - but as a , a new kind of experience for everyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , it 's very important to me .
through my work i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i first saw .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy , while trying to catch what i was .
i , i , the , around me , almost 60 meters out of the water , and all i could wonder was a snowflake on another snowflake , year .
they are born to be born as a calf or by breaking out .
every iceberg has its own individual .
they interact with , in a clear way , with their environment and experience .
some who refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can no longer endure , and in a rage .
when you look at an iceberg , you think easily that they are isolated , separated and alone , as we people see .
but the truth is far away .
while an iceberg melts , i breathe its atmosphere .
while the iceberg is melting , it will free water , which feeds many life .
i , in my images of these images , as if i make portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these individual moments , they exist , and will never .
it is not death , when they melt , it is not an end , but an end of their struggle along .
a part of the part of the most i 've ever seen is very young - a few .
and a part of the process is more than 100,000 .
the last images i would like to show you , show an iceberg that i have in greenland .
very rare , in fact , a witness to an iceberg .
here you see .
on the left , you see a small boat .
it 's about five meters .
please watch the shape of the iceberg and where it is .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat moved to the other side , the man standing .
it 's the average size of a shoe .
he stands about 120 feet from the water , or 40 .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his .
thank you .
my life is truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but with the coolest thing i 've ever worked on , this guy .
his name .
i was one of the leading ' 80s .
then one day , one day , he came back from walking and said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the outbreak .
it 's completely paralyzed .
he can only use his eyes .
i stood opposite him .
i have a company that makes design and design , so graffiti is a complex part of what we admire and respect .
so we decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we will give you this money ,
what will you do with it ?
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony .
i just want to with him again , and i said , " wait , isn 't that - - i 've seen stephen hawking - can 't all people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you listen to the higher and have a remarkable insurance , you can .
ordinary people are not available .
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
did anyone see the " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate , their fingers .
i said , " how can that be ? "
so i came with the need to just write a check , and instead , i made a check that i didn 't even know how to cash .
because it is a farce , that someone who still carries all this can 't communicate .
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people , graffiti research research , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a remote access only .
so they move around , and they make like this .
they say that all things that are being reported up there , follow a sign .
it starts with the words , then the words come , and the last , people actually do art .
but there 's always been , there 's always been , you know , there 's always , you know , a ...
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did .
first , we , we have the insurance , the doors , and , in fact , got a machine to communicate with , a stephen .
that was incredible .
and he 's really funny - - i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or get an e-mail , and you think , " i am so unworthy , this guy . "
also , we have flown seven programmers from all over the world ... literally from all corners of the world .
my wife , my children , my children and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers , and anarchists took over .
many of our friends , many of our friends thought that we were stupid to do that , and that we would have left all the pictures on the walls .
but for over two weeks we have programmed , we went to venice , my children included , my dog and we .
it it 's called " a " and you can see the description .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses that we bought at venice , a little , and a couple of things from the hardware store .
we took a , we took , they took , they , they put it on , and now we have a device that is free - - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free .
so we created a device that is completely free .
no insurance .
no hospital .
anyone who can , in fact , can communicate or draw .
thank you .
thank you very much .
at the end of two weeks , so we went back to room .
i love this picture , because it 's someone else 's room and that 's his room .
there is now all this carnival before the great
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of planning , night after , tony drew again after seven .
and this is an impressive picture , because this is his life support , and he looks beyond his life-support .
we set his bed so he could look outside .
we set up a projector against a wall from the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in the presence of his family and friends and you can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt good as part of it .
in the end , he sent an e-mail to us , " for the first time in seven years , i drew .
i feel like i 've been pushed under water , and finally someone grabbed and pulled my head so i can breathe .
isn 't that overwhelming ?
it 's kind of like our favorite .
it keeps us by the pole and keeps us going .
and we have much to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing device , but it 's the same .
and someone who has such potential deserves so much .
so we are to figure out how to do it faster and stronger .
since that time , we have received all kinds of credit .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve .
it all comes out of our own .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong , over us , and then , in december , has honored us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest part is - - and that includes the whole circle - that this april , in downtown los angeles , there will be an exhibition called " art of the streets "
and there will be the most , most of the most , the most , the most , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
it will be part of the show , which is pretty awesome .
so , basically , when you see something impossible , make it .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the ... everything was impossible .
make it possible - all of you .
i i am not a programmer , i have never had anything to do with computer technology , but i just have something and surrounded me with amazing people so we could put something on .
and that question should be asked every one of you , every single day you realize something that needs to be done .
thank you .
so , i write for children , and i 'm probably america 's most favorite .
and i always tell people i don 't want to come like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen .
today i would like to tell you about circles and sports .
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it .
you go around the block and take it as revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends made it - -
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle began in the ' 60s in high school , ohio , where i was .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the toilet in the teachers .
she secretly did .
for three years ,
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me to san francisco in california , i found a lover , and back in the ' 80s , it was important to take a job .
about three or four years ago , i received a call from this teacher in the middle of the night .
i am sad that we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come with the man i know you found .
and i should mention that i have , and i want you to hurry .
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in hospice .
we found one for them , we took them , and we took care of them , and we looked after their family because it was necessary .
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , turned into a box of ashes and was put in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle and the revelation i was talking about .
the revelation is death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life takes all the rest of life .
he needs truth and beauty , and i am so glad that 's been mentioned here .
he needs the same - - he needs , love and pleasure , and it 's us to give .
thank you .
imagine a great explosion , while rising at 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine an engine , the engine , the engine , the power , the engine , the power , the power .
that sounds scary .
well , i had a unique place that day , i was sitting on top .
i was the only one who could talk to the elders .
so i looked at them , and they said , " no problem , i guess we got some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not that far .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened .
the pilot turned the machine into the hudson river .
it 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
imagine an airplane .
and then he said three words - the words i 've ever heard .
he says , " prepare for impact . "
i didn 't have to talk to the police .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i now wish to tell you three things that i learned that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
when i thought about it later , i remembered a spell that was , " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to change .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing that i learned that day , and that was when we took down the george washington bridge , pretty much , i thought there was one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i , to become better in everything .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i regretted the time i wasted for meaningless things , with people who matter .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and after , when i thought about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't fought with my wife for two years .
it feels great .
i try not to be right anymore , i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned , while the inner clock , 15 , 14 , 13 ...
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces , knowing it .
while we crash , i had this feeling , dying is not scary .
almost like we 're preparing for our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go , i love my life .
and this sadness is in a thought that i only wish .
i just wish i could see my children .
about a month after that , i visited a performance of my daughter , not much of a talent .
... yet .
and i celebrate , i cry like a child .
and in the world everything made sense to me .
i realized then , by putting the dots together that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , everything else , is my only goal in life to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift , to see in the future , to come back and live .
my call to all who fly today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight - please , but imagine and how would you change ?
what would you do that you delay because you think you 're there forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy ?
and more than anything , are you the best parents you can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the back is pretty simple .
we do not want iran to build the bomb .
the most important position there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear weapon .
the gray boxes you see here , they are .
now , if we can now , to compromise the systems , which control and valves , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don 't go with the , they 're based on a completely different technology .
but if if we can , if we can , that if we can , that , on a laptop , used by a computer , to get this gray box , we 're in .
and that 's the planning behind .
so we 'll start with a double .
the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the ,
it 's a piece of cake , right ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research , six months ago , when we began our research , was completely unknown , the meaning and purpose of this .
the only thing we knew is very , very , very complicated , about the most part , the most powerful part , made of countless , most vulnerable .
and it seemed a little more , with these gray boxes , this ...
it aroused our attention , and we began a project where we began our environment with infected infected , and we examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he acted like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese , but wouldn 't eat .
it made no sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different types of cheese , i realized this was an assault .
fully focused .
the , the , the , the , the , the , of the gray box , when a specific configuration is discovered , even when the special program , which is trying to infect it .
and if it doesn 't , it doesn 't .
so , that really got my interest , and we started working , almost round the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could , for example , say , an american power plant , or be an oil company in germany .
so we better soon find out what the target is .
so , we , and we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , in two digital warheads ,
and we also realized that they were very professional by people who obviously had all the information available .
they knew all of them .
you probably even knew the shoe size .
so you knew .
and if you have noticed , that the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ...
it 's much more challenging than anything we 've ever seen .
here you see a cut from this code .
we 're talking about , like , 15,000 lines .
looks pretty much the old-fashioned way .
and i want to tell you how we were able to be smart from that code .
so what we first came to look for were the first to call , because we know what they do .
and then we went to look for , and we were looking for , and we tried to connect the real world with potential targets .
so we had to have theories about these goals that we could prove or refute .
to set up these theories , we remember that it is definitely sabotage , it has to be an objective , and very likely it is in iran , because most of the infections were reported .
well , in this area , there are not many .
basically , it runs out to the nuclear power plant and the nuclear power plant .
so , i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts for drug use and drug use . "
and i called her , and i called her , and told her to compare her expertise with what we found in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead with the bomb .
the , the , is this moving part within the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this process , you can actually crack the skull , and finally make the centrifuge explode .
what we also found out is that the goal of the attack was actually desperate to let it happen slowly and creepy , obviously in trying to make it more difficult , so they wouldn 't be able to .
the great digital warhead , we received a glimpse of it , using very precise data .
so , for example , the number , the number , the number , it , it , you can 't miss .
i began to , scientific literature , about how these are built in northern italy , and i found that they are structured in the so-called , and each of them .
so that made sense , it fit .
and it got better .
these in iran , in 15 .
and guess what we found in the bathroom ?
almost identical .
so again , that was really good together .
and this gave us great confidence for what we were investigating .
well , don don 't get me wrong , it just didn 't .
these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often , we ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads in reality and the same goal , but from different directions .
the little warhead will take a small warhead , and it will , and it slowly , and the great warhead will kick in interaction with six of its own .
so , in the great and all , we are very confident that we actually have what the target is .
it 's just a matter of taste , and it 's just ...
so , we have no need to worry that other targets could be hit .
here 's something really cool stuff we discovered .
down there is the gray box , and on top , you see .
now , what this thing does is that it 's the coming values of sensors , so , for example , of , and it provides legitimate code that still works during the attack .
and , in fact , this false data from the first .
so it 's the same as in the , where in the pursuit of the security camera .
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outsmart the control room .
in fact , it is much more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital where a human security system can 't react fast .
so , in a power plant , for example , when the great power plant is too fast , you have to open inside .
of course , this cannot be done by a human being .
that 's where we need digital security .
and if they are in danger , bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither , nor the security system .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i say now is very important .
think about it .
he has nothing special to do with , with , uh ...
so , for example , he would work just as well in a power plant or a power plant .
it is .
and you don 't have to , as the attacker , you don 't have to put the weight on a stick , like we saw on a stick .
you could use common technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you can finally get a big shot .
that is the consequence we must face .
so , unfortunately , the number of targets is not the middle east .
they lie in the united states in europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most powerful .
we must face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , a lot has been reported that people suspect the mossad is behind .
do you agree ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the most powerful .
there is only one and these are the united states of happiness .
otherwise our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for scared the shit out of us .
i have spent the last couple of years putting myself in situations that are usually very , very dangerous .
i went to prison .
i 've worked in a war zone .
i 've filmed hard and dangerous .
and i have spent 30 days , nothing but eating here , fun at first , a bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous .
so , when i knew that i would come here to look at the world in a mirror and the , i knew i would do something else .
some of you may have heard i filed an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
but aside from that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you know how many people look at this ?
a lot .
that , by the way , is just the one .
in spite of that warning , i knew that someone would buy that .
if you had asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't be able to tell you .
but in the new project where i work , my new film , we examine the world of marketing .
like i said , over the years , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do , is a film , a film , a film , marketing and advertising , where the whole film is financed by the , uh , financial and advertising .
and the film will be " the most exciting movie ever . "
so what happens in " the most , movie ever , " is that everything , from the top to bottom , from the beginning to the end , is by brand .
now this brand , the stadium , the center ...
these people will be linked to the film forever .
and so , the film will investigate the whole idea of --
i am a person .
that was more emphasis .
it was forever , forever .
but we will not only have the brand x , but we will make sure that we will sell any possible category .
so maybe we 'll sell a shoe , and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn .
the greatest car you 've ever driven from " the most famous movie ever pay " the greatest drink you 've ever had , a attention from the ever pay .
so the idea is , aside from showing that brands are part of life , actually , to make them finance ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the film is transparency .
you 'll see the whole thing in the movie .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from the beginning .
and i would be happy to , if i could help to make it .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i do not know how people will be .
do you have a perspective , i do not want to use " perspective , " because that has a negative side effect , but do you know how it will ?
how much money is needed to realize ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's hard to meet you , but i think it 's worth talking to some really .
who knows , when the movie comes out , maybe we look like a bunch .
how do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means , not so optimistic .
i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places to turn .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " would mean that we wanted to lead a movie .
it turns out that it meant , in reality , " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just so all these companies disappeared , one by one .
nobody wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was amazed .
they wanted absolutely nothing to do with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising , to present your product as many people as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this world of new and old media , and the world 's most popular , it is not the idea to be in this new exciting , exciting , that brings this .
no , that was what i thought .
but see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal mistake , and that 's what .
actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake .
that wouldn 't have been a problem .
that would have been okay .
but what this image stands for is a problem .
you see , when you enter transparency in the air , the -- this is one of the first images .
i really like the way you do .
that was the problem , " transparency free of deception and deception , simply to discover and to understand immediately , " and of access to information , especially the final line .
you know , we hear a lot about transparency .
our politicians say it , our president says , even our leaders say .
but when the time comes , when it comes , something changes .
but why ?
she 's like this strange road .
and she 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
a whole bowl of cool whip .
that 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story .
you see , when i was a child , and my father caught me lying , and there he sits , looking at me with that look , he would say , " my son , there are three versions .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version .
so you see , with this film we wanted to tell the true .
so what they suddenly began to understand , or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your brand is a problem .
i have friends who make big , giant , giant , and i have friends who do little things like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant , giant , say that the reason why their films are so successful is because of the ones they have .
and then my friends , my friends , who make little , " well , how are we going to compete with these big , giant ? "
and the film is called " the most exciting movie ever . "
so , how exactly are we going to see movie stars ?
every time i go on my way , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , you 'll see deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , can i say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
are you ready ?
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang a little of this before the interview .
and then we offer one of these great scents .
it 's either " a " or a " paradise , " you will .
we will both be equipped for men and for women , for women , for women , or a stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now , i can answer all your questions and give you a clear .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller movies , we are a challenger .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing things like that , you know , reminds people of -- that 's kind of why we 're interested .
what words would you describe ?
it 's broken .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone does under their armpits .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , " fresh " is a great word that this category really makes to something , unlike " smell and moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , more fresh , more fresh , three .
things like that have a profound effect .
and that 's a big one .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who are like me .
tell me something about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
in the ' 80s , she meets , except for her .
all right , what 's gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of color , and stuff .
but usually i have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan were a badge , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
man 2 : the brand that i am is , i 'd say , fly .
woman 2 : part hippie , yogi , part
man 3 :
i sell in the whole country .
so i think that 's my badge .
this is my brand in my small , industrial .
my badge is fedex because i was .
man 5 :
can you ?
i 'm a lawyer .
i 'm tom .
well , we can not all , we can not all , but i often look at dark glamour and bitter fly .
and what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could break into my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call " the . "
and that 's how i found a company called olson .
you 've helped companies , companies , like corporate companies , government companies , to discover that .
if you could do it for them , you could help me .
you brought your pictures .
the first picture is my family .
just tell me a little about how your thoughts and feelings are connected .
these are the people who form my desires .
tell me about this world .
i think the world is the world where you live , like people around you , friends , family , the way you live .
all these things come and start from a place , and for me and start with my family in west .
what 's next you want to talk about .
this was the best day of my life .
in what context is the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things different .
i like things strange .
you tell me about the " why " ?
what 's the machete ?
what 's the red ?
tell me a little about this .
a little more about you that aren 't .
what else did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what will .
a lot of crazy things .
the first thing i saw was this idea that the two separate , but the side of the side , morgan is a brand .
they add very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will only focus on strength instead of both .
what other brands ?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , too , target , car , mini of mini cooper 's .
well , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , there 's , uh , these , things that come and they go , but , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , a , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to ask you to describe your description , what would she be ?
are you something that brings the blood ?
or are you more of a man ?
are you something a little quiet , calm , calm ?
the things that are lost , fresh , fresh as the fresh prince , adventurous , adventurous , and lovely , and lovely , and lovely , and smooth , smooth , fuzzy , and magical .
or are you more like a dog ?
are you as careful as 007 ?
are they established , traditional , traditional , romantic , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , family , safe , safe , holy , and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
during the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and down and the " no , " because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they wanted to have nothing to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the product .
they told us to tell the story of the film , the way we tell the story in this film that today is used to use the language of the brain to make both commercials .
we went to sao paulo , which was forbidden .
in the whole city for five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we , we , we , we , in which companies , their way to the schools , all of america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects i got most feedback , or where i had the greatest success , those are where i deal with things .
and that 's what those stamps did ,
because they were the middleman , they were the agencies , and they said that the agencies may not really have their interest .
i will deal with the artist directly .
i will work with him and do something completely different , something that makes people think that our world challenges .
how was that for you ?
well , since the film at the sundance film festival , we can take a look .
according to the news , the premiere in january , and since then , and that 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million hits of this movie .
it 's actually only a period of two and a half .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film has not yet been delivered .
he 's not even online .
he hasn 't come out in other countries .
well , in the end , the film has become a very big movie .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended your clients to keep their hands off .
something i believe in is that when you take your chance , take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that when you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the whole company to gain .
i have a feeling that we must encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
at the end of the day , we should welcome fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome to fear .
a big spoon each , we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
today , more than ever , brings us a little honesty .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk , welcome transparency , was presented to you by my good friends of mine , who paid a dollar off on ebay .
great data will be changed for organizations all over the world .
welcome
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of transparency this , what exactly happened to the dollars ?
that 's a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , in my pocket , written a check for the tax , the tax , a check for a dollar in the next year .
my name .
18 months ago , i did something else on google , and i got excited to do something with museums and art .
and it took 18 months .
i can tell you with 17 very interesting museums .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i was given a great education - - i 'm not complaining - but i had too many museums , and none of that .
when i traveled , and to visit these museums , i began to learn .
and while i was working for google , i tried to make this longing - art with technology .
we then formed a team , a great team , and we began .
i will probably start with the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the beginning .
so , you just go to the bathroom .
you can look around in all these museums .
there 's the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art .
you come in for two , very simple .
you are in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are , bombay , mexico , it doesn 't matter .
you walk around and have fun .
you want to get to the museum ?
open the card and jump with one .
in they , they want to the end .
go on .
look .
thanks , but the best still comes .
so now i am now , before one of my favorite , most of the most brilliant in the met .
i see this .
if the museum gave us the picture , click on it .
this is now one of the images .
these are all .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i 'm gonna put that away .
this is one of the images that we 've been holding with the so-called .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ? "
i 'll show you .
it 's easy to get in and out .
you see something funny .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want deep .
and so i started playing around and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i slowly realized those kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , talked to some people at the met , and i actually found out that it was a game called a chicken on a stick .
it seemed rather popular .
i do not know why they did , but i learned something .
to get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the overview , i , to see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best comes but - in a second .
let 's jump to the north , back to new york .
another piece of me .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see it ?
what if you want to see how van gogh created this ?
you can really go in .
i will zoom into one of my favorite parts of this picture until i really am with the cracks .
it is , it is , i never , ever .
now i shall show you my love .
there are many more , but i don 't .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called the ' 80s .
each of them , each , rich or poor , if they have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you can go on and online , create your own museum ... from all these pictures you can put on your own .
simple , they go in , and i created this , it means the power of zoom - you can .
this is the " the " .
you can send anything with notes , your friends , and a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , for me , the main thing is that all these wonderful things don 't come from google .
they come from museums .
maybe i shouldn 't .
they come from artists .
and that was an experience in humility .
i mean , i hope that , with this digital medium of art , we will be fair , and they represent .
but is the biggest question i 've been asked the other day , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a werewolf ? "
the answer to that is no .
it should add experience .
that 's the point .
thank you .
this is an image of your brain .
that 's the left half , which is the logical side , and then the right half , which is the opposite .
if if we had a measure to measure every hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , would be that someone who is completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you place your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have decided for one of these extreme , but i think that , for most people in the audience , their brain looks like this , with a high level that is in both .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
you can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most other experimental , who need a good share of logic to add the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we go out and play with it and then we see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our intuition .
they basically do the same .
so one of the ones you 've developed over the years is probably that one thing at the same time can only be .
i mean , it can sound strange to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they weren 't born with that idea , they developed .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a tv .
he was an infant , not very good at it , and he fell .
but i , i bet that playing with a very valuable lesson , because the great things don 't just let you pass and that you stay .
and this is a great model of the world as long as they 're not .
it would be a terrible model for a model , because they don 't play with the little things .
and when they play with their parts , they make all sorts of strange things , like they fly straight through walls , or that they can be in different places at the same time .
and so they all wrote down these observations , and they called the theory .
that was the , of physics , a few years ago , it took a little to describe .
but you didn 't need it to describe the big , everyday objects around .
my intuition didn 't like that , and maybe because i don 't play with things .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not often .
and i 've never seen her .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a thing .
but my logical side didn 't like it .
because if all things are made of particles and all these things follow the rules of the earth , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules ?
i see no reason why it shouldn 't .
so , i would feel more clear about the whole thing , if we could somehow show that , even the rules .
so , a few years ago , i was doing exactly that .
i made one .
this is the first object you can see that was in the middle .
what we look at here is a tiny computer .
and you can see that green dot in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
it 's a picture of the object .
we 're looking right into the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we look at is a little piece of metal it 's shaped like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i did this thing in a similar way to make a computer chip .
i walked a clean room with a new space , and i spent 100 hours on all the great equipment .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this like a swimming pool and that .
this thing has it that has the ability to be in the most powerful , but it takes a little help to .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all sorts of strange things , but then other people get in , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother them , or they go .
so , so , according to the word that the objects are the same .
the , for objects that are not only humans , but the light that shines on them and the wind that sweep by them and the heat of the room .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was acting , we had to throw out all the pieces .
and we did .
we turned off the light , put it into a vacuum and spread all the air , and almost to now , all alone in the elevator , was the piece of metal , as always .
so we measured his move .
we discovered it was really moving .
the way it was , the way it was , it was like this , like this , like a ...
when we gave him a little push , we could set it to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate , something that only allows .
what i 'm telling you right now is something truly fantastic .
what does it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , all the atoms of atoms that the piece of metal lie still and at the same time , the same atoms move .
they only agree .
the rest of the time , they are more .
it means that every atom at the same time is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think it 's really cool .
really .
it was worth it to me for all this year in the clean room , because , check that , between a single atom and this piece of metal is the difference between the metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal in two different places , why not ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine you would be in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness , how would your body be in space ?
there is another aspect of history .
when we saw the light , the light , and the box , we saw the piece of metal was always there .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are really just objects that are in a small room .
you hear a lot of talk about how it says everything is connected .
well , that 's not exactly ;
there 's more to it , it goes deeper .
it is so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that is the most , and the strange .
thank you .
in the year of 2007 , i decided that we should think about economic development .
it should be our goal , that when families think about where they want to live and work , give them the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities that all compete .
at this moment , we are far from this .
there are billions of people , who are not even a single city to welcome .
but the amazing in cities is that they are worth more than it costs .
so , we could , the world could be very simple , and maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you now , unless you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just trade places for the cities .
imagine half the people who want to live in apartments would already , but the other half .
you could try to expand the capacity of already .
but you know what you would go into , in these apartments and their environment , to avoid complaints and to distract .
so it turns out to be very difficult to fulfill all of these .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block , provided the laws there would support such construction and not .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for a city and gave them a name : charter .
later , i found that , around the same time , javier , and i found out about the challenge of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras suffered under a heavy metal .
at the next election , pepe lobo , in a football game , whose program , and the promised .
he demanded to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was preparing for a lecture at the university .
by improvement , to try , and through the investigation of nuclear , i have tried to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essence .
the first point , is the importance of laws , laws , which determine that you can 't interfere with the law .
we give new technologies great attention , but for progress it requires technology and laws .
in the autumn of 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent the link to the original .
he , in turn , showed him to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let us present the chairman of our country ! "
so in december , we met in a hotel in miami .
i tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are .
and i used this graphic to show how valuable it is in a place like new york .
but it was a rather abstract discussion , in a place when there was a break ,
so i was asked by the president of honduras , who said that we must accomplish this project that it is important , and that this is the way to bring our country .
i have been asked to come , and once again on the fourth and fifth .
so , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ,
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has a space of 100 .
so i tried to convince the people , if you want to build a new city , you have to start with an area of at least a thousand .
more than 250 a day .
they all applaud .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of congress came to the stage and said , " professor , i thank you very much for your lecture , but we might be able to take a look .
i have it here on my laptop .
so i sat down and you played the game .
and i , i have come to the world , that a new city offers new opportunities .
there would be a chance to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city also includes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes a thousand square .
and shortly after , on the 19th of january , you voted to congress for a change of constitution to have a legal policy , which is legal .
in a country that has just had a violent crisis , congress has been elected to a voice .
all parties , all factions of society , supported .
to become part of the constitution , it must be approved by congress .
on february 17th , the second was approved by 114 to a voice .
just after that choice , between the 21st and february 24th , a delegation from about 30 to the two places in the world most interested in getting into business .
one place is south .
this is a picture of a big , new city , built in south korea .
everything you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in the war is singapore .
two cities were already built in china , and the third is in preparation .
so , if you practically think about it , that 's where we stand .
you already have a problem , and you are already considering this area for the second .
it has already been worked on a legal system , that law enforcement is allowed to participate , and it will also work on an outside legal system .
a country has already offered to place his supreme court , as a court of law in this court .
i 'm also interested .
they even bring funding .
one thing , as you already know , has already been resolved , many tenants .
there are lots of companies who would like to go to america , especially in a place with an oil , and there are many people who would like to live there .
all over the world , there are 700 million people who show that they want to live in a different place .
a million people leave latin and go to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families to work , sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to eat and clothes .
unfortunately , sometimes even children who try to find their parents who , in some cases , haven 't seen .
so what 's the idea of thinking about making a whole new city in honduras ?
or even to build it from these cities , or spread hundreds all over the world ?
so what is the idea to insist that every family has a choice between cities that are in competition ?
that 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i recently took a survey of over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions , a typical american on a day is 70 .
in addition , a recent study was made recently , a study with a week of study .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues with which this ceo , and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you have found that an average ceo is busy in the week .
each of these subjects , of course , were of many , many minor decisions .
50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
only for about 12 % of your decisions , you needed an hour or more .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of the one ?
how well , do you think you can handle the decisions ?
today i would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern times .
i want to talk about the problem and some solutions .
now , when i talk about this problem , i will ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise , as i am blind , only the hand if you want to burn a few calories .
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about this ?
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very exclusive grocery store , at least he was exclusive .
it was a store called the ' 80s .
this business , it was almost like an amusement .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water , and that was at a time we actually drank tap .
i loved going to this business , but at a time i was wondering , well , how come you never buy ?
here 's the olive oil .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand .
so i decided one day i decided to visit the manager , and i asked the director , " does this model that you give people all these possibilities ? "
and he pointed at tourists who came every day and usually had their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your moving .
they had different kinds of jam .
we set up a small front right at the front of business .
we , there , there , there , there , there , there , there , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , i , which case more people would stand and try ?
there are more people standing when it was 24 , about 60 % , than when there were six , about 40 .
and after that , we saw each other in which case people rather bought a glass of jam .
now we have seen the effect .
from the people who stood when they were 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of jam .
of the people who stood when there were six , well , now we see that 30 % of them actually bought a glass of jam .
well , when they calculate , people bought a glass of jam , which they had six to choose as if they had 24 .
well , to decide not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waist , but it turns out that we are also affected by very lucrative decisions .
we decide not to decide , even if our best interests .
so on the topic of day , financial saves .
i will now describe to you a study , which i have done with , i , emir , wei jang , wei , in which we have made the decisions for the pension of almost a million americans in the whole .
and what we looked at , was whether the number of the , which was possible to a plan , the most likely to affect whether more will be saved for tomorrow .
and we found that there was indeed a connection .
so in these plans , we had , like , the plans that made people anything between two to 59 .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , in fact , the participation was less .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans , the two funds , still had a supply in the desert , not as high as we want .
in the plans that , almost 60 funds , the government now fell about the most .
now it turns out that even if you are to participate , if there were more options , even then , there are negative consequences .
so , the people who decided to participate , the more opportunity they were at , the more they avoided to choose .
the more opportunity you had at your disposal , the sooner you put all your money in pure .
none of these extreme decisions , one of the decisions that one of people would recommend , if we care about their future .
well , for the past ten years , we have watched three significant negative consequences for offering more and more .
you blame the decision on -- even if it 's against your own .
they make rather worse decisions , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
they decide for things that they make less , even if they make it better .
the main reason for this is that we may enjoy , these huge shelves full of mustard , vinegar , vinegar and jam , but we can 't compare , and we can actually choose from the fantastic offer .
so , what i would like to suggest today is four simple techniques , which we have tested in different ways and in different ways that you can just use in your business .
first , limit .
you 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today .
people are always worried when i say , " limit . "
you always worry you 'll lose .
as proctor and proctor , the various heads and different kinds of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales by 10 .
when the golden cat corporation sold their 10 at the worst , they experienced that the profits by 87 % , a result of both , sales and the reduction .
you know , the average , average , today , offers you 45,000 .
a typical walmart offers you 100,000 .
but the most expensive supermarket , which today is the most expensive supermarket in the world , and they only give you $ 1,400 products a kind .
every single harvard employee now automatically takes part .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit .
it 's all important .
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how the possibilities differ .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your customers .
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary gary said that he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i would like to read them .
and now i give you a few seconds to read and then i ask you to clap when you 're ready to take gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all ?
well , let me show you more .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip .
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , that she , the first time she had more information than the second time , but i would dare to guess that she felt more real .
because the pictures made it feel more real .
which brings me to the second technique that helps you to deal with the problem of the brain , it 's the .
it is about people , to understand the difference between possibilities , to understand the consequences of all possibilities and the consequences .
why do average people spend 15 to 30 % more if they use a credit card or a credit ?
because it doesn 't feel real money .
and it turns out that if you can make it clear that something feels , it 's a very good tool to make people more .
and during this meeting , we kept this meeting just like it always was , but we added a little .
the little thing that we added was that we asked people just to think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
third technique :
we can do better with more categories than with more .
here is , for example , a study that we did in a book .
it turns out , in the upper and bottom , the number changes between different kinds of magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
here are two different .
one is " jazz " and the other is " swing . "
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad on the right is jazz , then clap your hands .
okay , there are .
if you think that on the left is jazz and the swing on the right , please .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly irregular .
the categories have to say something , not the choices .
and you often see this problem when you look at the long lists of all this .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique , requirement for complexity .
turns out , in fact , we can deal with more information than we think we just need to simplify .
we must slowly increase the complexity .
i show you an example of what i mean .
let us take a very , very complicated decision , buy a car .
here is a german , who offers you the opportunity to completely separate your car .
you must make 62 different decisions to design your car .
now , these decisions are different from the number of choices you offer .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , gears four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order in which decisions appear .
half of the customers go , from the many possibilities , 56 points of opportunity , four .
the other half of the customers go from the low , four gears , to the 56 , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested .
when you always use the power to make the decision , it means that you get overwhelmed , i lose .
what they find out is that the people who , of the many , go to the very low , and always vote .
we lose them .
go from the little ones to the many , you stay .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is the order to be presented .
when i start with the simple , i learn how .
even though the gears choose , i have nothing to say about my preferences at the school , it still makes me choose .
it also gives me the excitement of the great product i have , and so i am ready to be motivated with interest .
let me summarize .
i have told you of four techniques to limit the problem of the -- , you will rid the unnecessary alternatives , make it real ; we can better deal with more possibilities .
each of these techniques i describe to you today is thought to help you manage the possibilities of --
because i believe that the key to the obvious choice is to choose .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
i 'm kevin , i 'm kevin , i 'm on youtube .
that 's right .
today we want to talk about how videos are made , and then , which is what matters .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , singers - when i was young , it seemed so difficult .
but we have allowed , that we all , or all of our creative activities can be famous in a part of our world .
each and every one of you could be famous on the internet until next .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video per minute .
that again , only a small percentage will ever be seen and looked at thousands of times , and so on .
so how does that work ?
three things :
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
come on !
last year , bear vasquez sent this video that he filmed in front of his house in the national park .
in 2010 , 23 million .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow
because that 's what you do when you 're called the mountain bear .
he 'd uploaded a lot .
and this video was actually sent in january .
what happened ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that made the video so popular .
because , like jimmy kimmel , new and interesting things , and they show to a big audience .
rebecca " friday " is one of the most famous videos of the year .
it was almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like " double rainbow " seems to have come out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's right .
if you want to know , these other pointy ones , too .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it opened , many blogs started writing .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was a first who made a joke on twitter .
the important thing is that a group , or group of people , took a point , shared with a large audience and accelerated the process .
and then this community formed by people who shared this great , and started talking and playing .
now , there 's 10,000 of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody for every single day .
in other than in the , of the 20th century , the community is our way of becoming part of this , either by spreading it or making it new .
" cat " is animation and music .
it is , simple .
this year , almost 50 million .
and if you think this is crazy , you should know that there 's a $ 4 million .
even cats look at this video .
cats look at cats watching this video .
what is important is , the creativity that rules in the world 's economy .
there was .
someone did an old-fashioned version .
and then it became international .
a whole , of a whole , of the ground that made it from a stupid joke that we can all participate .
today we don 't find pleasure in something , we do .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted double rainbow or rebecca black or cat ?
what scripts could you write in ?
in a world where every minute of footage is uploaded , can only truly unique and unexpected , such as the .
i admit , i was not very interested when a friend told me to look at this great video , about a guy who 's protesting bikes in new york .
i got a parking ticket because i wasn 't driving on the train , but often , there are those who don 't let you drive properly .
since it was a surprise and funny , casey 's funny idea , and his argument five million times .
this approach is for everything new we do .
and all that leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
- yeah .
what does that mean ?
the , creative , creative , all of sudden , are the features of a new kind of media and culture , which everyone has access and in which the audience .
like i said , one of the currently greatest stars - justin bieber - made his start on youtube .
no one has to give your ideas green .
and today we all feel as the owner of our family .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they hardly meet today 's media , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
history 's not over .
she 's a puzzle that 's still put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the things .
imagine the first piece , a man burning his life .
he is a poet , a writer , a man , a man whose whole life , the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
keep him in front of the communists in saigon , as he must admit his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , now his .
he retired .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make that it was not for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history tried to crush us , but we did .
the next , the next , the next , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
my mother may was 18 when her father died in a marriage , with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a task , to escape her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a sea , a sea , a sea , a boat , a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
the greatest fear of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little .
with a capture , my sister and me would have drunk and my grandmother .
my first memories are of this boat - - the sound of the engine , the clap of every wave on the bow , the wide and empty .
i i do not remember the pirates who came many times , but let the men on our boat , or the failure of the engine that didn 't want to start .
no apple ever tasted that .
after three months in a refugee camp we ended up in melbourne .
and the next , for the next , is of four women in three generations to build a new life .
we lay down in the streets , one of the working in the suburbs , whose population is made out .
unlike , in the , of which , whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no sign .
the smells from the walls came from the rest .
and the pieces of broken bones were changed between people who had one thing in common :
my mother worked on farms , then on a line in a factory , six days , double shifts .
she somehow managed to find the time , english ,
we were poor .
every dollar was assigned , and was put in more training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give , most of the new things that came from second .
two pairs of stockings for school , each to cover the holes .
a school uniform to the ankles , for it had to last six .
and there were the rare , but the painful , painful , " and here and there , " asians , go home . "
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i will avoid you . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other of our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements .
my mother had nightmares .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
she opened an open house , then she opened up and opened a shop .
and the women came with their stories about men who did not change , angry , angry , and angry children , trapped between two .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers were built .
i was living in a dream .
in one , i was the classic asian student , who made the most popular requirements .
in the other , i was involved in uncertain lives , with the tragic scars of violence , of and isolation .
but so many have received over the years .
and because of this help , in my last year , i was chosen as a boy of the year .
and i was shot to the next , and the edges didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous , anonymous , was now la , fugitive and social worker , who was invited to places she had never heard of , and in which she could never imagine .
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i never knew how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't .
she reminded me that i was as old as you when we climbed the boat .
no was never a possibility .
" just do it , " she said , " and don 't be what you are . "
so i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i ...
and the more i spoke , the more i should .
i met people in all places , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the borders .
and even though i had my degree , i realized that i couldn 't deal with a career in law .
there had to be another .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , a new , new in the picture and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift .
for it is so easy to lead so easily to the collapse of the world , can so easily mean that you accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now , i have now , enough from my work to know that , yes , the world , but not as you fear .
possibilities that were not allowed , were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an optimistic optimism , a strange mixture of humility , and sense .
so i followed my gut .
i gathered a small team of people around me , for which the drawer is not " an irresistible challenge .
for a year we didn 't have a cent .
at the end of every day i cooked a pot of soup we shared .
we worked late .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the us ,
only one trip .
my gut .
three months later i had moved and the adventure continued .
before i lecture , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time , in which social norm and local mandarin was the most important .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat .
without the support of her husband , she made a sensation by bringing him to court and in her own case and a greater sensation than she won .
" can not " proved false .
i was just sitting in a hotel room in sydney when she died .
i looked through the window , and i saw it on the other .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a few days later , we went to a sacred temple , and sat around her .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
they didn 't let go .
if there 's a band in our family , it goes through women .
when you see who we were and how life has made us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have crossed .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i wish i had my own children , and i still think of the boat .
who would ever want ?
yes , i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of .
can i give you a bow in your life , the courage to defy every wave , the weight of the engine , the wide horizon that guarantees ?
i don 't know .
but if if i could give this , and i could sure , i would .
besides , the mother of the fourth or fifth .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because that , of course , is a picture you can 't take with your camera .
yet , my interest in photography , when i first received my first , at the age of 15 .
i used it with my earlier penchant for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was rather .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press .
to me , it seemed to me , in the photograph , to be the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something the process begins when the trigger .
pictures like this , a construction site along a much more profitable street .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or pictures like this - dark and dark , but all with the common goal , to keep a realistic .
when i say reality , i mean .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really catch , but i always want to make it look like she could , in a picture .
photos where you have to think for a moment to figure out the trick .
it 's more about catching an idea than really .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is it about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is illusion .
in the end , but in the end it is about how we interpret the world and how it can be made within a square .
it 's not about what 's real , what we think is real .
i think the basics are very simple .
i see you as a puzzle of reality , where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly formed physical objects , which we can all identify in a world .
but in a certain way , combined together , they can create something that still looks like it could .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , our brains , simply , that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process in adding photos .
it 's really all about mixing different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , things around us .
but if we combine pictures , it 's really important to remember , because otherwise , they just kind of look wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow .
as you can see , these are not three special images .
combined , but you can create something special .
so the first rule is that photos should have the same perspective .
second , the photos should be the same .
and these two images , these two images , they are , from the same height and the same .
three is about making it impossible , where the images begin and end by connecting them .
makes it impossible to tell how the picture was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that it 's just a little , and the bottom part was manipulated .
but this picture is , in reality , complete , from photos of different places .
i personally believe that it is easier to create a place than to find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew that i needed several months to plan to find the different places for the pieces .
for , for example , the fish had been taken on a silver platter .
the shore comes from another place .
it 's from a quarry .
and , yes , i even put the house up on the island red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a result , so it comes from me to plan .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
then it 's about the combination of different images .
and here 's every piece very well planned .
and when you make good shots , the result can be pretty , and pretty realistic .
so there are all tools , and the only thing that we have is our imagination .
thank you .
i would like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we put in at the school was to do a dance .
and she 's not , she 's not , she 's , like , a cup of coffee or tea and ask the patients , families , relatives .
how can we help you ?
and we think we want to think that this is one of the most , why all - maybe just most of the electronic devices , because we stopped .
this is my favorite .
she 's got a button .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a job , as you might .
i put my job at 95 .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google .
and there , they will also be called from my home , so that he can see where it lies , not only in the moment i need support or so , but with a look in the past .
there is .
maybe you know , i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , every morning i jump on my feet , and people talk to me before i sit in the car , " for lunch , just a little salad . "
but this is the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the most romantic to help patients because it could be used against obesity , or it could smoke .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and make them play some kind of game to better .
next week , the market .
there 's gonna be this little piece of paper that you connect to an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home to send him to their doctor and share it with others for more than 100 .
do methods that are easy to use , and start with this , to embrace patients .
and you can do that by such methods , but also by means .
and one of the things we did , i want to share with you through a short video .
we 've all got our cars .
maybe even our phones .
we know exactly where all the atm machines are .
we still know where all gas stations are .
of course , we can .
but where would the next one be to help this patient ?
we 've got , and no one knew .
no one knew where the next was to find .
so what did we do ?
we have set up a company , and we ask , " if you can see , please share , where it is , when it 's open , sometimes it 's closed .
and more than 10,000 of them have already been reported to the police .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we have created a magic .
we 've developed an app for computer technology , advanced reality , to find that .
and if you are in a city like a city and someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can find the next one that can save lives .
and from today , we would not only wish to , as the product is called , but also , as an example .
and we want to take this to a global .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us , to act like fools , to make this whole world .
and when you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , if it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one .
the other thing we want to ask is that companies in the whole world will help us with the confirmation of this .
these could be , or technicians , for example , just to make sure that the , uh , oil is still in place .
please help us , and try not only to improve health , but to take .
thank you .
today i will report of unexpected discoveries .
i work in the kitchen .
and my little baby , i want us to force ourselves to the ...
... to pay attention .
here 's a short video of what we do .
oh .
it might take a while to load .
well ... we can just skip this - - i 'll just skip the video instead .
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
it 's ...
oh , my time is over ?
thank you .
the program is " code for america , " and it 's a bit like the " code " .
every year , we pick out a few of the year , and we let them work with the .
instead of sending them to the third world , we 'll send them in .
and there they developed great apps , worked with city employees .
but what you really do is show what is possible with technology .
so meet al .
al is a city of boston .
how did he get to look for help ?
last year , we had a team in boston last year on the " code for america . "
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they knew that the city would never be able to dig those fire pipes .
but a certain , a man , a man named erik , noticed something else , and that was , that the residents , free , right before .
so he did what any good writer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree with him , if it snows .
when you do , you can give him a name and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take it .
so there 's a nice little girl .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps that last year .
but she does something that no other .
it 's spreading .
there 's this guy in the town of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not snow , but to adopt .
it 's very important that these things work , but people steal the batteries .
that 's how he got people to check .
and then seattle , seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the most disgusting .
and chicago just introduced them , so that people would turn around when it snows .
we now now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smooth , organic , of course .
if you know something , you know it 's usually not .
getting software usually takes a few years .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year for which three people needed two and a half .
it was about a method , with parents to figure out which the right public schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went over the regular channels , it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over two million .
and that 's nothing .
there is currently a project in california , which has cost the taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn 't .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that is written in a few days , and then spread from it , is a kind of shot from the bow to the government .
it shows how the government could work better than a private company , how many people think she should .
and not even like an internet , but more like the internet .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more important to this app is that it represents a new generation that the problem of the government is not more than the problem of an institution , but as a problem of the collective .
and that is a very good news because it shows that we are very good in the collective trade with digital .
now there is a great community of people who make the means we need to make things effective .
it 's not only " code for america " , there are hundreds of people in all the land who rise and write , every day in their own .
you didn 't abandon the government .
you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you .
and these people know something we 've lost .
today a lot of people gave up the government .
and if you are one of those people , i ask that you think about it because things change .
politics don 't change , the government is changing .
and because the government , in the end , the power of us , the people , how we think about it , will affect how this change .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like many people , i thought that the government is mostly about choosing people .
now , after two years , i have come to the conclusion that it , especially in order .
this is the service and information .
that 's where you usually come out when you call your town .
so , scott gets this .
he type " the " the " in the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the line .
boston doesn 't only have one .
it 's got an app , an app , and it has an app , it has an app , it has , it has an app , it has an app , it , it 's called ...
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work very smart people in the office of new urban , in boston .
one day , this is a report that came in , " in my trash can .
how do i get them removed ?
but what 's happened to " a " is different .
scott spoke human .
but on , on , on , it 's all public , so that anyone can see .
and in that case , a neighbor saw .
and the next entry we got was " i went over there , found the garbage behind the house .
alive ?
turned the garbage on the side .
good night .
pretty simple .
the digital hits the physical .
and it 's also a good example of how the government is to get into this .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't mean a technical definition of the platform .
i talk more about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a role .
she tied these two .
and you could have , you could have , with a state of service , if it had , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative .
when a neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the money , it costs a lot .
one of the most important things is that we have to remember , that government is not the same .
and most people understand , but they think it 's one of the other .
that our contribution to the system is to choose .
that 's because the government is like a further ocean and politics are the top .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that this thing that we have , and for which we pay , makes something that works against us , something else , and then we , ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the real thing is .
we must join the government .
so the school girl did .
have you seen these guys ?
it is a group of concerned citizens , who wrote a very detailed report , who is an answer to the question about the financial industry .
that is not politically active , that is highly active .
well , for those of us who have given up the government , it 's time we think about the world we want to leave .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really believe that we can achieve what we must , without to improve an institution in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it must be more efficient .
the good news is that technology makes it possible , the function of the government in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthen society .
and there is a generation that grew up on the internet , who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build .
now , the age of our age is 28 , so i , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most .
this is a generation that grew up to see her voice as granted .
they do not fight this fight which we all fight , so who can speak , they may all .
you can express your opinion on every channel at any time , and you do .
so , when faced with the government 's problem , you don 't care so much about using your votes .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write letters that improve government .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be , a fire hydrant , a weed , a garbage can with a stick .
and , of course , if we could have these fire hydrant all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like small digital memories that we are not just consumers , and we are not just government consumers who pay and receive .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i will start by showing you a single , boring .
could you show the foil , please ?
this is a plastic which i accidentally picked from my folder .
this is not about the details of the foil , but rather , the shape .
this foil shows data of an analysis of us , compared to the performance of a controlled area .
the interesting thing here is that this foil , like some we often find in our field , some kind of straight .
in other words , each step here is equal to a potency .
and this is a figure that we need to use this type of scale in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening .
this is essentially what i 'm about to talk about .
so , if you could turn on the light , please .
a little brighter , because i 'm about to draw something here .
well , why do we draw a film in the technique on curves ?
they look that way .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i want to draw a different technology , let 's say , if i , on the scale , it would be very unreasonable in the form of a flat .
but if something like this happens , it changes the circumstances .
so , if , as soon as it would , we could get in a cab the day after tomorrow and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
but it 's not that fast .
there has never been before in the history of the world , this kind of growing , which , by which , every few years , increases .
the question that i ask you now is , when you look at these lean turns , you see they don 't go on .
it is not possible that everything has evolved as quickly and ever .
there are two possibilities .
either it becomes a classical figure like here until something completely new , or it will .
it is .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if it really is , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition .
we are here on this line in a transition from the world to a new kind .
so the question i want to ask , and i often ask myself is how this new world will be ?
what is this new condition the world takes ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle .
when i was a child , the future was somewhere in 2000 , and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people talk about the future and you realize the future is still in 2000 .
that 's as far as we go .
in other words , the future has shrunk every year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason is that we realize something is going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that at this point , it just doesn 't make sense to try 30 or 50 years in the future , because everything will be so different that a simple , simple , which we now make no sense .
i now want to talk about what this could be , this transition where we are .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i believe to be able to really understand this , we have to take a step back and look at things on a longer scale .
i want to see this on earth 's most beautiful .
i believe the big picture makes sense when you divide it into a few .
so if we go back , for two and a half billion years , the earth was a great , powerful chemical .
now , when you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they did .
some of these , some of which had a special combination of chemicals which allowed them to integrate other chemicals and grow .
all who were like that , began to split .
these little , in the sense , they were the most beautiful .
but , though , these , were not , in today 's sense , because each of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and every time , when it shared , the chemicals in it have spread too much .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , the drops , which one for the growth , had more , more and more chemicals from the outside and split .
so , so , this , to survive longer , and they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
so this is only a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting , when this one learn a trick .
in some way , which we do not yet fully understand , these drops have learned the ability to provide information .
you have learned to store the recipe of the cell as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this , in this , you , in a way , which allowed you to which , so that information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information to store over the time of 2.5 billion years where it was .
in fact , the recipe for us , our genes , from the exact same code and the same .
every living thing uses the exact same letters and the same .
we are ready , that we , only to be able to write this code .
and i have here , here i have 100 of a white picket fence i try to keep from security .
in it - - what i did , i took this code - the code is of regular letters , which we use to symbolize , and i wrote my card on a piece of dna .
so if someone wants a hundred million copies of my card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i had been a selfish , i would have written it on a virus and released it .
so what 's the next step ?
the dna was an interesting step .
and the , these cells - that made them happy for another billion .
but then , another , a very interesting step , where things became completely different , because these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that cells were created .
i don not know if they already knew , but bacteria can actually replace their dna .
that is also why , for example , the stability grows on antibiotics .
some bacteria found out how they can stay away from penicillin and put that information together with other bacteria into dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate .
these communications now allowed the reasons for the which in a sense were in the same boat ; they were .
so they either survived together , or they went together , which meant that when a community was successful , all individuals of the community were repeated and preferred by evolution .
now , in the world , where , in the , of which , so close , that she decided to write the recipe for the entire community into the dna .
and the next interesting phase lasted about a billion years .
at this time , at this time , we have , of the , of many of us , who , as one .
in fact , in fact , we are such a devoted community .
we have many cells that are no longer on our own .
you are useless , useless , useless .
so , so , this , the , that the , which the evolution , was no longer the single cell , but the whole , which we call organism .
the next step has now happened within that radius .
it began again .
and they developed special structures that did nothing but to process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the brain cells that these brain cells built .
they began to train specialists within the community , special structures , which were responsible for learning , understand , and holding .
and this was the brain and the nervous system .
this gave you an advantage .
because at this time , an individual , in the time of the lifetime of a single organism , instead of that amount .
an organism could , for example , learn not to eat a certain fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate .
this could now , in the life of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years before , because this information had to be learned from the individuals who died because of this fruit , because those were yet .
so , the nervous system has the ability to use this particular , because evolution could now occur within one .
it could take place within a square inch .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate .
for example , for example , for example , that we know of the history of the human language .
it 's a rather amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very , very , very complicated and confused idea in my head .
i sit here , and i , i , i , i , i , in the hope of creating an equally confused idea in your head that has a certain resemblance to my original .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into sound , a sequence of sound , and produce something very complicated in other people 's heads .
so this allows us to work again as an organism .
and what we actually did , us , mankind , is , we have begun .
we go through the same steps , which have been through the same steps - - the ways we hold data , present .
the invention of language , for example , was a small step this way .
computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , and so on , all are our most powerful mechanisms that we have built in our community to handle .
and it , together we all , together to something that is much bigger , and even capable of evolving faster than we have .
so today , evolution can happen in the time period .
you also , you have also seen a little bit of the , uh , " evolution " program , right in front of you .
so now , we have restored the power .
the first steps of history , which i have told you a billion years .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , a few hundred .
and then the steps , like language and so forth , less than a million .
and these next steps , like electronics , only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe , is the word - - if something increases .
the more it changes , the sooner it changes .
and i think that 's what we see here in this winding .
we see the process that feeds itself .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , the mechanism i use to build computers , could not use without the recent progress .
my current practice is to create objects with such a high complexity , that it is impossible for me to , in traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single man in the world does .
it has billions .
and she makes it part of methods that we don 't even understand .
a method which is particularly interesting , and which i have used a lot lately is evolution itself .
and we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
in order to call an example , in the cases , we can create a program designed by random instructions .
we say , " computer , request a hundred million , randomly selected sequences .
now , please lead all these chosen instructions , guide all programs , and ultimately choose those who are closest .
in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort numbers , that would be a simple example i 've used .
so find programs , which are most likely to type .
of course , the chance , by chance , by chance , is a chance that , by chance , you just sort numbers , so none of the instructions will actually .
but one of them may with a little luck two numbers in the right order .
now i say , " computer , now take the 10 % of the sequences which have come the closest .
remove these , erase the rest .
and now , all of the best , the best .
" with a method of breeding , to reproduce . "
take two programs and they produce children by the exchange of their skills , and the children , the features of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs , which , by combinations of programs , which have come closer to the standards than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
put it back .
maybe lead some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations need only a few
and so i can create an evolution for over millions of years in the computer in less minutes , or in a few hours .
eventually , i get programs that can perfect .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever write .
when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand .
it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's ...
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm pretty sure they do the job because they come from a series of programs that did the job .
because your life depends on whether you did the right .
i once sat down in a 747 with marvin , and he used a map and said , " oh , look .
it says , " this plane is made of , uh ... " ... of , uh ...
we we know that if it gets too complicated .
so we begin to rely on computers , for a process that separates from the classic .
he allows us to create things with a much greater complexity than normal methods .
and yet we do not understand the possibilities .
so the technique .
we now use these programs to make the computers much faster , so that we can do these trials even faster .
so , it 's a birth .
it gets faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies from today feed themselves .
lift .
we are at a point , the time of the year is too then , as a matter of time .
so , we are the , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we are .
we 're in the middle of this .
but i really think there 's something else .
i find it very proud of us to say that we are evolution .
and i think we all here are part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is before , and i think i 'll stop here before i get even .
my story begins right here , right here , about two .
i was among the stars in the desert , among the stars in the desert .
we talked that nothing has changed since the age of the ancient indian .
when we indians wanted to travel back then , we would jump into a car and cross the sky .
now we do it with planes .
back then , when the great indian was thirsty , he took a bow , shot the ground and water .
now we do it with machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that made me really sad .
i got a little afraid of technology .
i was afraid that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without camera and tweet to my friends .
i thought that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket .
this piece of 50 years old technology was the most powerful thing for me .
she became a golden access to a world full of pirates and ships and images in my imagination .
it seemed to me as if our fancy watches and cameras kept dreaming .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went to the world of technology to see how i could use them to make magic instead .
when i was 16 i started books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that can connect readers all over .
it can know how to hold it .
it can know where we are .
it brings pictures and lines , and animation , sound and touch .
it takes more sense .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to , like , an ipad app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so here it says , " this box ... " i write my name .
and i become a figure in the book .
every once in a while , a letter falls down for me and the ipad knows by gps where i live .
the child in me is so excited .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i mean , not magic , but the magic of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i always found fireflies in a glass .
that 's how you have to throw the ipad and leave the fireflies .
and they light the way through the rest .
another idea which i , as a child , is that a whole galaxy can be in a single marble .
and so , every book and every world , a little marble that i here , will become the magic device .
and this opens a card .
i 've always had cards , but these cards were .
this map will grow and shine and serve in the rest of the book .
she also shows in other places .
i 'm going in .
it 's also important for me to do something that indian is also very .
these are the rules .
we 've all heard of fairies and fairies , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , who ?
the poor , the poor , the for thousands of years were trapped in the chambers in an old book .
and we bring them back , in a history of children .
it 's a story with new affairs , like the one .
on the subject , a big problem for the last 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , their computers , without going .
but now , with advanced technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in a interaction of the book , you are sent to a search , you must go out and collect with the camera of natural objects .
when i was a child , i had the stones , stones and shells .
somehow the kids don 't .
you must go out to take a picture of a flower .
in a different chapter , you have to mark a piece .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a horse and says , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a child in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos you actually took .
there are a variety of ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we plan a interaction with which you use the video of the film , and , through the reality , see an animation of elves coming to a plant .
in one place , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the sound , blow it , read the rest of the book .
we all move to a world where the technology 's technology can come closer and in magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood by the simple medium .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , prisons or prison .
i spend most of my time with the socially weakest in the places where there 's much hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating it is gave me a lot .
in the short time here i realized , ted has an identity .
you can say things here that have influence over the world .
and sometimes , when something comes about ted , it gets meaning and strength that otherwise .
i say that because i think identity is very important .
we 've seen some fantastic .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher , but that the words of a dedicated teacher .
as a doctor , you can do good .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
by the way , i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional household , which was dominated by a family , and that was my grandmother .
she was a strong , strong woman .
she had the last word in each .
she was also the point of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a witch .
her parents were born in virginia .
she was born to be born , and the experience of slavery made her world .
my grandmother was strong , but she was loving .
when i met her as a little boy , she came to me and hugged me .
she pushed me so hard i could barely breathe .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came to me and she said :
and when i said no , she embraced me again , when i said yes , she left me alone .
there was something about her that made you want to be around .
the only problem was she had ten .
my mother was the youngest of her ten .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins ran around .
i remember , i must have been eight or nine , that one morning i woke up and went into the living room .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first i thought it was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
and then she stood up and came to me , she took me by her hand and said , come , bryan .
i remember it like yesterday .
i 'll never forget .
she took me out and she said , i 'll tell you something , but you must promise not to .
i said i promised , grandma .
she said , " i promise . "
she sat me down and she looked at me , she said , " i want you to know that i was watching you .
she said , i think you 're special .
she said , i think you can do anything you want .
i 'll never forget .
and then she said , you just have to promise me three things , bryan .
i said , okay , grandma .
she said , " first promise , you will always love your mama .
she said , your mama is my baby , and you have to promise you will always take care of her .
i loved my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
and then she said , next promise me that you will always do the right , even though it 's hard to do the right .
i thought and i said , " yes , grandma .
finally she said , the last thing you have to promise is that you will never drink .
well , i was nine years old , and i said , " yes , grandma .
i grew up on the land , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother , a year older and a younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and took this six-pack of beer with my sister and me and went to the forest .
we just wander around like usual .
then he took a sip of beer and offered my sister one , and she took , and then they offered .
i said no , no , no .
my brother said , " come on , let 's do it .
i had something .
i said , " i do not .
my brother stared at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
and then he looked me in the face and he said , " oh , no , you 're not still going crazy about talking to grandma ?
what are you talking about ?
he said , grandma told all grandchildren that they were special .
i was devastated .
i 'll confess .
i probably shouldn 't .
this may be public .
i am 52 years old and i confess i have never had a drop of alcohol .
i do not , because i believe that it is virtuous , i say because identity .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't .
we can get them to do things they thought couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren they are special .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncle died of diseases .
and she believed that these were the issues we had to deal with .
i was trying to say something about our business .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in prison .
today it 's two million .
the united states of the united states today is the world 's highest .
seven million people are on parole , or on parole .
in my opinion , our world has changed .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness , because of these .
one of three male black between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , on parole , or on parole .
in urban communities all over the country - from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington - 50 to 60 % of black men are either in jail , on parole , or on parole .
our system will not only be shaped by questions that have to do with , it will also be disfigured by poverty .
we have in this country , in this country , which will treat you much better when you are rich and guilty .
fortune , not debt , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite content .
a politics of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some developments .
my , alabama , my , alabama , will forever remove the vote if you are convicted .
here and today in alabama , 34 % of the black people have permanently lost their vote .
in ten years , in 10 years , the ratings of the civil rights will be as high as before .
silence .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world , the children sentenced to death .
in this country , for children , there is a life for life without a living .
we already have a lot of procedures .
the only land in the world .
i represent people .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe , because we were taught that the true question is , does a man deserve to die for a crime ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other way of view is not , has someone deserve to die for a crime , but , do we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
on nine people we executed , one we found innocent , released from death .
one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly with a plane , if for nine planes to take off , one .
but somehow , somehow we can get away from this .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i talk about race and the question , whether we have the right to kill .
and it 's exciting , because i teach my students history .
i talk about terrorism , the time against end of reconstruction , to the beginning of world war .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-american in this country it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to be afraid ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that formed .
they say , no - - tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , of course , the segregation , and decades of the racist , the submission .
and yet , in our country , there is a dynamic we do not like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our story .
and therefore we do not really understand what meaning our actions in historical context .
we push each other .
we always create new tension and conflicts .
it is hard for us to talk about race , and i think it 's because we are not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood that the segregation is not to overcome without the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide , there was this call , but not in this country .
i did some lectures in germany about death .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists stood up after my lecture and said :
he said in germany there is no death .
and , of course , there can never be in germany .
and then a woman said , with our history , it 's impossible that we ever speak for killing people again .
it would be , of us , aware , and specifically executed .
i thought about it .
how it would feel to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if there were a lot of jews .
it would be unbearable .
it would .
and yet there is this mental state .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we do not concern ourselves with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but in the end , the realities of suffering , abuse , abuse .
it seems important to me to unite .
because we finally talk that we need more hope , more commitment , more devotion , to be able .
for me , it means time , time to think and talk about the poor , those who will never be with ted .
but thinking in a way that is integrated into our own .
we all must , in the end , believe things we cannot .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development not only from our heads .
they come from ideas driven by conviction in our hearts .
it is this , which i believe that it drives us , not only to be open for all the bright and bright things , but for the dark .
the great czech politician once said :
when we fought in eastern europe against oppression , we wanted all , but what we needed most , was hope , a spiritual orientation , sometimes to be hopeless , to witness .
this spiritual orientation is the core of what i believe , that even the people of this must .
there is no technology for technology and design that allows us to be human , even as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty and injustice .
this kind of identity demands a lot more of us than we care .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer i had the privilege of meeting rosa parks
so these women met and just talked .
and every once in a while , a woman called me and said :
do you want to listen ?
and i said , yes , i would .
she said , what will you do when you 're here ?
i said i 'd listen .
and i went over and just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day i sat there and listened to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me and said :
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , we try to fight injustice .
we want to help people who were convicted .
we want to fight prejudice and discrimination .
we want to get rid of life for life without a child .
we want to do something about death .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to get rid of it .
i gave my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and she said :
she said , " it will make her very , very tired .
and then the woman , the woman , to me , lay a finger on my face , and said ,
and that 's why i believe that i should be brave .
we must have ways to face these challenges , these problems , suffering .
for in the end , our humanity depends on all of us .
in my work , i learned simple things .
i learned a few simple things .
that we are all more than the worst we 've ever done .
i think that goes for every man on the planet .
if someone lies , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even if you kill someone is not just a murderer .
and because that is , there is a basic human that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not .
i don 't believe it .
i believe in too many places the opposite of poverty .
finally , a society is not measured by how to treat their rich and powerful and privileged , but how to deal with the poor , the condemned .
in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes , these ideas of our thoughts , in very important ways .
i represent these children who have been sentenced too hard .
i go to the school and visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , who shall stand trial as an adult .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he 's not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too long and thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , he must have magic .
right , bryan , the judge has magic .
you should wish .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think right , i started working on a proposal .
i i had a poor black boy as a client .
and i began with this proposal , the title was , my poor , black clients , like a privileged , white .
in my motion , i explained that the prosecution and the police and the police and the police .
there was a crazy line about that in this country nothing is right , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning i woke up and i didn 't know if i only dreamed this crazy proposal or actually wrote it .
and to my horror , i had not only written , but sent to court .
a few months passed , and i had just forgotten .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and this crazy case .
i got in the car and was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
i finally got out of my car and went up the stairs .
when i went down the stairs to court there was an older , black man , the janitor in court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , who are you ?
i said , i 'm a lawyer .
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , i am so proud of you .
and i must say there was strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability to contribute to a community , a perspective .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say :
and then we started to argue .
more and more people came in just because they were angry
that i had written these crazy things .
police officers came in , and deputy prosecutors ,
in no time , the court was full of people who were angry that we talked about skin , poverty , inequality .
from my corner of my eye , i looked at the janitor .
he kept looking through the window and he could hear the whole thing .
he went up and down .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very worried , and sat right behind me , almost on the bench .
ten minutes later , the judge quit .
during the break , a police officer came in , who bothered the janitor in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black .
jimmy , what are you doing in court ?
i have come to ted , because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far , but that justice .
that as humans we are not fully developed , as long as we do not care about human rights .
that our all survival with the survival of each .
that we have our visions of technology and , of entertainment and creativity , with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of all , i want to , to those of you who see it , just say , don 't lose sight .
you have seen with this audience , this community , an obvious wish , and heard to help and do .
what can we do ?
bryan stevenson :
if you live in california , there in this spring , there is , in which it is , in fact , an effort to do , to divert something from the other that flows into politics .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars for the death penalty .
and yet , 46 % of all , not with an arrest .
56 % of all men are not in court .
here 's a chance to do something .
this money will be offered to invest in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
during the last three decades , the crime rate has been reduced to enormous america .
the fact is often associated with the increased .
what would you tell someone who believes ?
well , in fact , the number of violent crimes didn 't change .
most of the most of this country in the history of violent crimes .
it was the greatest crusade against drugs .
that 's why the dramatic numbers come from the top .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have now , we have , we have , we , the , the , the , the , the , the , for the theft , for good , instead of forcing them to return .
i think we must do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i believe that our current government is no help .
i think that 's what we have to change .
bryan , you 've really brought a swing here .
you 're an inspiring person .
thank you for seeing ted .
when bin laden 's death brings with it .
announcer 2 : famine in somalia .
spokesman 4 :
the number 6 : 1 : 65 .
announcer :
different spokesman :
recession .
crisis .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i 've collected over the last six months , but could have been the last six days .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative topics because our mind is paying attention .
and there 's a very good reason .
every second of every day , our senses catch much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because because we are nothing more important than our survival , the first stop for all the information is part of our home .
so , so , this is our favorite , our favorite .
it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it , it ,
so when we see the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old saying , " if it bleeds , demand " is true .
well , with all our digital devices that give us seven days a week , 24 hours a day all these negative news , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
but it may not .
maybe it 's reality .
perhaps the vast progress that we have made through a series of forces in the last century , so strong that in the next three decades , it will be able to create a world .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have big problems .
and as humans , we are much better at , to anticipate problems for a long , but to finally overcome .
let 's see what we 've achieved in the last century so we can predict .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled more than the inflation of the population .
it took a tenth .
it comes to that the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
we have now , in a very peaceful time .
and according to charles kenny , in the last 130 years , 25 % to 80 .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and many people forget .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we have restored poverty .
remember that a large percentage of the americans who live among the americans , access to electricity , water , toilets , tv , tv , and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the most of the earth , could never have dreamed so .
the basis for many things is technology , and these grow .
my good friend , ray , has shown us , that every law that will become , on the bend of the great , and the bill will double every 12 months .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer .
now look at this turn .
this is the law of the last hundred .
note two things on this curve .
first , how smooth it goes ... in good times , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers building faster .
it slowing down for none of our big problems .
and in spite of her lack of weight on the left , it goes up .
so , the rate itself is accelerating .
and on this turn , on the back of the law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available .
how many of you have seen the victory of the supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i used to go through the papers , looking for the best headlines i could .
i love this : " watson is a man .
" risk " is not a simple game .
it 's about understanding language .
imagine this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner .
four years ago , ray and i , here at ted , started a new university called " the university . "
we teach our students all these technology with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , companies , products and services , which , within a year of positive , can make people 's lives .
think that a group of students today can affect the lives of billions .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can refer to dozens of companies that have done this .
when when i think about making abundance , i mean not a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about making a life of possibilities .
it 's about making money .
hunger , hunger , and technology is a resource .
here 's an example .
this is the history of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers , napoleon himself .
but the king of siam , the king .
aluminum at that time was the most precious metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is why the dome was made of aluminum .
even though aluminum can take 1 % of the oil , it 's not pure metal .
it 's connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then , the technology was developed , the technology of the world , and made it so cheap that we use it with our own .
then let us project this analogy into the future .
we 're thinking of the day .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy than we consume .
16 , the energy , the energy , every 88 minutes on the surface .
it 's not about scarcity , the problem is .
and there 's good news .
in this year , for the first time , to reduce the cost to 50 % in india .
the cost for the last year was 50 % .
last month , it published with a study , which shows that until the end of this , in the sunny areas of the united states , 6 cents per cent per average .
and if we have a water , we 'll have plenty .
- let 's talk about a change .
do you remember when , when carl was the ' 90s when it was on saturn , turned back ?
he took a famous picture .
a blue dot .
because we live on a limb .
we live on a planet that is covered with water .
yeah , it 's , it 's 5 % of salt water , 2 % ice , and we fight for a half percent of water on the planet , but there 's hope .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 , but now .
there are new ones on the way .
it can create a thousand gallons of clean water a day from different sources , water , latrine , and all for less than two cents .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a large supply with a hundred units .
and if all goes well , and i am very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries .
this is , uh ... this is , uh , experimental innovation .
and we also saw this on the street .
oh , my goodness , we will soon reach the 70 % of the world 's population , to the end of 2013 .
just remember , with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better record than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you use your phone on google , you have more access and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication , as no one could ever predict .
and it comes even better , the things you and i spent several thousand dollars , gps , and photo , books and music , technology , are literally cheaper and cheaper .
and the best part of it is possible what we expect in health .
in the last month , i had the pleasure to announce , with the " $ 10 million tricorder x . "
we demand teams throughout the world , to connect all these technology in a cell so that you can talk to the device , because it 's equipped with ai , you can test your blood .
and to win , the device must make a better diagnosis than a team .
imagine this device , in the middle of a , where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the brain and 1.3 % of the staff .
if this device , if this device is a government or a health inspector , who is not known , it calls and prevents a pandemic .
but now to the greatest strength that will lead us to a world of doom .
i call them " the next billion . "
white lines are for people .
we just crossed the line .
and by the way , the largest protection against a woman is a better education and diet .
in 2010 , we had just linked to two billion people online .
we shall rise from two to five .
three billion new heads which we have never heard , will join global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of a steady stop , i see one of the largest economy in history .
these people represent a number of dollars that will flow into global economy .
and they will become healthier by using the , and they will be better trained by the , and by the means that they will have the opportunity to use , and to use , and to be more productive .
so , what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , most powerful ?
how about a new set , never before .
how about , the oppressed , wherever they are , to give a voice , to make attention and change , for the very first ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about , how about , you know , the ones we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned through the x , is that little teams that are motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big corporations and governments could only .
i want to close with a story that i really liked .
there 's a program that some might already know .
it 's a game called a game .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it is a game where people can take a sequence of protein to discover how the protein will develop .
we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very , very , very important .
so far , this was a problem for supercomputer .
and this game was played by men .
and now hundreds of thousands of people who played the game online .
and it showed that today , the human brain , the human body , the protein , the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future , is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a man .
we have the capital .
and we have three billion new heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges and to do what it takes .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical .
and i think it starts with a doctor and i am .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own wrong to .
however , before i come to the subject of my favorite , let us begin with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are close to the world .
we all love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" a " is soon to appear and is about statistics and to use these to make a great baseball team .
i will refer to a statistics i hope most of them have heard .
it 's the main .
we talk about a 300 when a bat beats 300 .
that means the player must beat three out of ten .
it means to hit the ball , he comes up , he 's not caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time and the runner was safe .
three out .
do you know what they call a baseball team ?
good , really good , maybe a good one .
do you know what they call a sex offender ?
that 's someone who , by the way , meets four out of ten .
legendary , like ted williams legendary - the last major baseball player who met during a regular season .
let us transfer back to my world of medicine where i feel more comfortable , or perhaps a little less comfortable after i 've talked to you .
assuming you have appendicitis , and you will be transferred to a federal case , which is about 400 in terms .
it doesn 't work , does it ?
if you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved one , with a family , and your family doctor will transfer this to a federal reserve .
but , but you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she beats a woman .
it doesn 't work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think , like , you think , like , you , for a nurse or a nurse , an obstetrician , should be ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that no one in all medicine knows what a good surgeon or doctor should be .
what we do , however , is that we each of them , including me , send to the world with the right .
never make a mistake , no one , but the details of how this should be .
and this is the message i took in med .
i was a compulsive student .
in high school , a guy in high school once said that brian would learn for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little home in the sisters of the toronto general hospital , near here .
i learned everything .
in my heart , i learned , i learned the , and i learned , every branch of every artery , which from the aorta , chest and normal .
i even knew the , even , the , uh , the , uh ...
and all the time i collected more and more .
and i was good , i graduated .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as i could that i was immune to mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. printer .
i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , on a , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , on a ,
at that time , i was assigned to the assigned shift .
and it was my job , when the chief of staff was looking for advice to investigate .
and to report to my attending .
i examined mrs. printer and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i saw her , she made noises .
and when i , when i , her chest , with her , i could hear a sound on both sides , that told me she was suffering .
this is a condition where the heart fails , instead of pumping the entire blood , a part of the blood is stuck in the lungs and slowly fills it , hence the shortness of breath .
and that wasn 't a difficult diagnosis .
i put them , and i took care .
i gave her aspirin i gave her medicine to take the pressure off her .
i gave her medicine , which we call , water pills , so that it would flow .
and over a period of a year and a half to two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake , i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn not pick up the phone and did what i should have , which would have been a call to my attending , so he had a chance to take his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to provide additional information .
maybe i did .
maybe i didn 't want to be the doctor .
maybe i was so successful and so capable of taking his responsibility , that i acted like this , and i would be able to care for my patients without having to contact .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home , i put a quiet voice in me trying to say , " goldman , not a good idea . "
" i was so , i was so , i was so , so i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. printer , " do you think it 's okay when she goes home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance , and i came and brought them home .
and i went back to work .
for the rest of the day , i had this feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day i packed my things , i left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive home with the car when i did something i didn 't .
i walked through the door on my way home .
and there , another nurse , not the sister who had looked for mrs. printer , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most .
other doctors fear them , but they are the most special because we only see the patients .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you took home ? "
asked the nurse .
" so she 's back , " she said in that particular .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived at home , after i sent her home , she collapsed , and the family called 911 , brought her back to the hospital with a blood pressure .
she was barely breathing and turned blue .
it all got out .
they gave it to her .
they put it on the wall .
i was shocked , i was shocked , and i was broken .
and i , i , this roller coaster , because she came to the icu , and i hoped she would recover .
and after two , three days she realized she would never wake .
she had suffered a brain damage .
her family gathered .
and in the course of the next eight or nine days , they surrendered .
on the day of the day , they , leaving mrs. -- a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say you never forget the names .
and that was the first time i ever knew .
when you make amends and never make the mistake .
that 's the kind of shameful .
the kind i talk about is who makes you sick .
it 's the one who tells you that not what you 've done is bad , but you 're bad .
and that 's what i felt .
and it was not for the cause of my love .
he talked to the family , and i 'm sure that he would bend the waves and make sure i wouldn 't sue .
but i have asked these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it lay .
i started feeling better .
and then on a rainy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out and i said maybe i could feel better .
and i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty in a hospital in the east of toronto , and i , 25 years old , with his throat .
it was a lot , and i was in a hurry .
he always showed up .
i looked in my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a diet of penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next day , and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" do you remember the patient with his throat cut ? "
it turns out he 's a drug dealer .
he had a potentially incurable disease known as cancer .
you can do that , but it 's not an infection of the brain , but the upper airway , causing the airway .
and luckily , he didn 't .
he got a few days later .
and i went through the same torture of shame and shame , felt free and went to work until it happened again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice .
there 's a lot of that , especially considering working in a hospital that only had 14 patients .
in both cases , i did not send her home , and i guess there were no flaws in her treatment .
one thought i thought he 'd been .
when it was without a trace , my colleague , the patient , the patient , the patient 's brain surgery , and he called .
the other had strong diarrhea .
i have ordered to send him , and asked my colleague to see him .
and he did , and when he found a left in the right lower sector , he called .
both cases were operated and they were fine .
both cases were on me , eating up .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim , but total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here the problem is , if i can 't close with my mistakes and i can talk about them , if the voice that tells me what really can 't , how can i share ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same ?
if i go to a room like this , i have no idea what you think about me .
when was the last time you heard of someone who said failure ?
oh , yeah , you go to a cocktail party , you like to hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about your own mistakes .
and , in fact , if i , or my colleagues , if i knew that a man in my hospital would have taken the wrong leg , believe me , i would have trouble looking into his eyes .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it is a system in which there are two basic positions , those who make mistakes and those who do not , those who , who , who , who , without exception , with bad results .
it 's almost an almost a reaction , like antibodies attacking a human .
and there is the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from medicine that we remain a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where every day mistakes happen , in which one of 10 is either a false or false or false , always , and will cause more and more .
in this state , there are , like , four , four , four .
in the united states , the institute of medicine the number of 100,000 .
both are strong , because we don 't see the problem as we should .
and it is .
in a hospital in which the medical knowledge all two to three , we can 't compete .
it 's everywhere .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error , so that we can take a perfect memory for a patient with chest pains .
then i take the same patient with the same , i sweat it , and i give it a breath , and suddenly , history is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot , i don 't always do things .
and my patients are not cars , they don 't always tell me their symptoms .
all in all that , mistakes are inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i 've been taught , and all of the world 's greatest , then no one .
and do you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst ?
and then , her pupils , her pupils , they , they , they , they look down and swallow hard and start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i make . "
what you need is an environment you can .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the new doctor is a man , white for his humanity , accepted , is not proud to make mistakes , but put everything to learn from them so it can be passed .
she share with others .
she supports when others speak of their mistakes .
and she shows others whose mistakes , not to expose , but in a loving , loving way that all benefit .
and she works in a medical culture , which , to acknowledge that people fill the system with life , and if so , people make mistakes .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the new doctor .
i am a man .
i 'm sorry , but i try best to learn from it to pass .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can .
with three of my own words , i remember .
i 'll talk about a tiny , little idea .
it 's a matter of ...
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i will tell you three stories to use .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you probably know he was here .
they may think he was hunting , but he 's not .
actually , he collected fish .
he described you as " ordinary . "
it was an accident .
up to the ' 80s , he was fished .
and now he 's on the red list .
this story we 've heard of many times , from other places .
but still , we still get to the top .
we still think they 're originally .
the brochures still describe them as untouched .
what happened ?
the second story is to make a different concept , to make it clear .
because i had it when i studied a lagoon in 1971 .
i went there , because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced that i really didn 't come from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and a few of them .
there were , there were , like , 20 of the , uh ...
those of those who were the most , the fishermen lived well and deserved in the most .
when i returned 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his .
she grew .
they were genetically crushed .
there were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells me about my complicity in the introduction of the south asia .
in the ' 70s , rather , in the early ' 60s .
it was the land that had already a hundred thousand fish , the industrial oil of this rather ugly ship , is called the four .
i was riding on it , and we were in the whole southern sea and especially in the south .
we had no words for what we started .
i now know it was the sea .
90 % of our stock was sponges , other animals connected to the cause .
the biggest part of the fish , the small points there on the rubble , the rubble , the debris .
essentially , the bottom of the sea came on deck , and then came back .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
within a year , a year , you run through a period , and then you start with the final .
the reason is changed , for - in this case - a hard cause or soft coral will be crap .
that 's a dead turtle .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
once we caught one alive .
she hadn 't drowned .
then they tried to kill them , for they could eat .
in fact , this mountain of debris is collected every time they drive in areas that have never been fished .
it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember .
we adapt to the new level , and do not remember what was there .
when it comes down , here 's what happens .
there are a few good things on the west side , number of the orca , the green of their country ,
in time it changes .
each generation sees the images they take at the beginning of their life , as standard , and it all .
the difference will be perceived as loss .
but they don 't take the loss .
there can be a order of changes .
and in the end , all they want is to get the pathetic remains .
that 's exactly what we are .
we want to get things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
you could now think that the problem with people , who , for sure , when they lived in secret societies , killed animals and became aware only after a few generations they had .
because , obviously , an animal , a very often , rarely before .
so you don 't lose a common animal .
you always lose rare animals .
and therefore , it is not considered a great loss .
in time , we concentrate on the great animals , and in the sea , the big fish .
they become rare because we catch them .
in time , there 's little fish left , and we think it 's the fish .
the question is why people accept .
well , because you don 't know it was different .
of course , a lot of people , scientists , will confirm it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence , how you in a former form is not what you would like to disclose .
there , for example , the story , that the report of a captain , who , in this area , can not be used , or is not usually , because he is not .
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , though we live in societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
it shows the enormous role that can be played .
because , by the way , through the past .
we bring back the past , which people can 't understand , because they have changed and very low .
with it , the people who can see and benefit from the insight that allows them to reset their defenses .
what about the people who can 't because they have no access - the people in the midwest ?
here , i think the art and the film might fill the gap , as well as simulations .
this is the simulation of the bay .
a long time ago , there was , there was , 500 .
and you may remember " avatar . "
when you think of " avatar , " when you think of why people were so touched - - aside from the earth , why were you so touched ?
because it was something that lost in a way .
so my recommendation , the only one i will give is to cameron to turn " avatar ii . "
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to , if you had a typewriter , registered by the government .
you also had to register a piece of paper from this typewriter .
the reason the government could trace where a text came from .
if they found an article with a false figure , they were able to track the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would limit freedom .
in our own countries we would never do that .
it happens today .
and nobody seems upset .
and that was an example , in which our own governments use technology against us , citizens .
and this is one of the three of the today 's existing .
let 's look at what really happens in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we have three .
there are .
for example , here , this is mr .
and the motives of women are very easy to understand .
these people deserve money .
they use money to make money .
there are several known cases of criminal cases that earned their money by attacks .
this here is vladimir nikolayevich , from istanbul .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn .
these are matthew anderson , tariq and so on and so on .
the secret secret secret service , two months ago , the swiss bank account of mr. sam , and in this account , there were millions of dollars when it was frozen .
the master is at large .
and i claim that today is more likely that we will become victims of a crime in the real world .
and it is very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play online .
the second , second , we can watch today is not motivated by money .
you are motivated by something else - protests , an opinion , or by your audience .
groups such as anonymous have risen over the past 12 months and have become one of the highest in the field .
so these are the three , criminals , for the money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments running the attacks .
there are cases , like the one .
it shows what happens when governments attack their own .
it was .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , because it was hacked .
someone had broken in and hacked the system .
and last week , in a meeting , in a meeting , i asked one of the leaders of this group to see if he thought it possible , because of the people .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in a way like this ?
- it 's not .
they sell .
- what do you do with it ?
well , you need a certificate when you have a web site , with service , for example .
if you can , you can , if you go into a foreign
you can hack and print fake .
and that 's exactly what happened in the fall .
how is it with the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
in egypt , in egypt , the rebels in april of 2011 , the headquarters of the egyptian secret and found a lot of files .
in these files , there was a folder called " the . "
and in this folder , notes were written in a german local company , which the egyptian government had sold a few programs , which they could , in a very large frame , any communication from the egyptian .
you sold this program to the egyptian government .
it 's right here .
so the western governments of western governments supply foreign governments with government , so they can go against their own .
but western governments help themselves .
in germany only a few weeks ago in germany , the so-called dragon , was a trojan used by germans to spy on their own .
if you are suspected of being suspected in a federal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond .
they 're tapping on their heads .
they use the means , like the , to use their computers with a trojan who allows them to monitor all their communications , listening to their computer , collect their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about things like that , the obvious answer to people , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry .
i have nothing to hide .
and that logic makes no sense .
privacy must be .
privacy is not for debate .
it 's not a decision between privacy and safety .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
and while today , in the year of 2011 , our governments have faith , is every right that we surrender .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust a government , a government that we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of the world .
the first of the first of the , were made , and , of a simple , simple idea of cement , with a measure .
they became the world .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone .
in the essence , our time became the most basic .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , legos came out .
it was called the " automatic stone . "
and within a few years , legos in each household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you must not be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
legos , essentially , the most , the most , the most , the world , and made it to our imagination .
in the meantime , in the same year at bell labs , the next revolution , the next .
the , was a small , small , small , a world that would bring us from a world of wonder , to a world that would bring everything .
as the , as the , , the , of the , allows us to build much bigger , more powerful , one stone at a time .
but there is an expert .
i personally , i do not accept , that , in our time , is reserved for experts , so i decided to .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to study this idea how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a few years ago , i began to evolve .
let me show you how they work .
it is electronic devices that have a specific function .
they are light , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part is they connect with magnets .
you can 't put them in the wrong place .
the stones .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue and a green one , and you can build bigger ones .
they add blue to a green , and they can light .
you can put a switch in between , and that 's how you made a little .
take the switch out the switch to put in a switch , which is here , and you 've made a little indicator .
add to this , and add , for an extra effect , and you 've made a motion .
i 'll stop .
above the simple play , it 's actually pretty .
instead of programming , to program , to program , to program , to program , to program , with simple , feminine gestures .
so to speed the blinking or slow , just turn on this button and it makes the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind it is a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in this world into a stone .
lights , sound , sound , sound , engine all should be available .
we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we ,
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful is how they start the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn .
like , like , a , like , a , or why the doors of the ring , or how an ipod reacts .
we 've also brought the same .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that started to play with the material .
here we see , with felt , paper and paper , like ...
a couple of weeks ago , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , the , the , the ,
here is an example of a project you 've made , an epic .
but wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster of coal that 's afraid in the dark .
for this time of year , a new material , electronics just became another .
and we want to make this material available to everyone .
so it 's open source .
you can go to the web site , download all communications and make them .
we want the world of the maker , the creator , the creator , to encourage , for this world we live in , this world is ours .
so , get out and start making up .
thank you .
