and , of course , we all share the same kind .
we are all born , we bring children to the world .
we 're going to go through security channels .
we have to deal with the inevitable separation of death and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
all these people teach us that there are other ways to navigate the earth .
and this is an idea that when you think about it , you can only do with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of the world 's most beautiful and beautiful life , that the earth is as important to the welfare of the earth as the most important thing you know as the most basic biological .
it is the greatest legacy of mankind .
it is the symbol of all of what we are and what we are capable of as the most amazing , most remarkable species .
and just as the most powerful of the world 's population was carried out , this was the only thing that happened with the more advanced speed .
and the decisive indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when each of you were born in this room , there were 6,000 languages on earth .
now , a language is not only the whole of the universe or a series of the most powerful .
a language is expression of the human mind .
she is a means that the soul of a certain culture can find access to the material world .
every language is like a floating forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities .
and from those 6,000 languages , today , while we sit here in monterey , half of which are no longer whispered in the ears of children .
you will no longer be taught , which means if nothing is done , you are actually dead .
what could be more lonely than being surrounded by silence , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , have no way to pass the wisdom of the ancestors , or to expect the hope of children ?
and yet this terrible fate , in fact , happens to someone on earth somewhere for about two weeks , for every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last words of an old language to his grave .
" let it be "
and then suddenly you would realize what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
that is why i would like to take you on a journey through the sea of the earth today , a short journey through the sea world to try to make you understand what has actually gone .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different possibilities of his , " really different possibilities of his .
take , for example , this child of the north , in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the west , believe that they , in the east of the belly of holy snakes .
this is a people who do not distinguish between the colours of blue and green , because the forest of the forest where people depend is equal .
you have a strange language and a language that is called a " a " , " you must marry someone who speaks a different language .
all the strange things in the past , the strange things about these great houses , which , due to the number six or seven languages , is that you never hear anyone who learns a language .
you just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most beautiful tribes i 've ever lived with , the most beautiful in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who have been contacted peacefully for the first year of 1958 .
in the year of ' 57 , five missionaries tried to make contact with five missionaries and made a very serious mistake .
they threw shiny pictures of themselves down from the air , which we would consider as a friendly gesture , and they forgot that these people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen anything more exciting .
they took these photographs of the devil 's house , tried to look behind the face or the figure , found nothing and found that these are the cards of the devil and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but they didn 't kill only outsiders with the spear .
they 've got each other .
54 % of the deaths occurred at the time .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of an animal from 40 paces , and determine which part of it belonged to .
in order to make sense of this sensation , i , of course , had to know something about this remarkable faith of the dragon , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it is a complex , complex , complex , complex , complex .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to bring in the big , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , big , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat , fat ,
christianity , islam , buddhism , or whatever .
a continent will always be left out , because the assumption was that there was no religious faith in a religious faith in this country , of course there was one and voodoo is simply the remnants of these very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
but what voodoo makes so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be swept away from under the great water , respond to the rhythm of the dance , to temporarily suppress the soul of the living , so that for a brief moment , a shining moment becomes god .
" you white men go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you are possessed , you will be taken by the spirit .
you see these amazing demonstrations , in a fire , the burning coal without burning , an amazing power of the mind 's ability to influence the body so that if it is to be put in an extreme state of excitement .
well , of all the people i 've met , the southern nevada republic of santa marta , the southern california .
the descendants of the ancient civilization , who , who , in the course of colombia , and in the event of the conquest , the people of this people moved back to a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ,
in a european continent , these people were the only people who were never conquered by the spanish .
until this day , you will be ruled by a more powerful , and the training for the education of the human race is very extraordinary .
and during all this time , they will be introduced to the cultural values of their society , values that maintain the belief that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic or we could say the balance of balance .
you must protect it .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we who are the younger brothers are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
so , natives are neither sentimental nor are they weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he is a place of a mind or a pile of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british colombia , and i believed that these woods were there to become a circus animal .
well , when you start to see the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photo i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is the most of which many of you have heard of , the most powerful , most powerful compound from the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very strong , very powerful , very similar , very similar to the , uh ...
in case you 've ever seen the way you 've ever seen this stuff , this substance that you make in different ways , it also contains the most powerful .
this powder to the cold is about to be shot at by a sea of electricity .
it will not create a distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
but the thing about the thing with the brain is that they can 't be taken orally , since they are , by a in the human intestine , of course , will become the most sophisticated enzyme with the name , the name .
all you can do is get in touch with some other chemicals that will bring down mao .
well , the fascinating thing is , that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
how can these people from a flora of 80,000 species of exotic plants find these two not relatives who , if combined in that way , create a kind of a version of the whole thing bigger than the sum of his ?
we use this great euphemism , try and mistake , which turns out to be meaningless .
but when you ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so , what does that mean ?
this tribe , the people of the forest , have 17 different variations of the which they all know at great distance in the forest that appear to be a kind of way to our eyes .
and then you ask them how they justify their , and they say , " i thought you understood something about plants .
and i said , " no . "
so , it turns out that you take every 17 variations on a full moon , and they sing to one in a different kind of a different kind .
well , that doesn 't get you a phd at harvard , but it 's a much more interesting thing to count as a college professor .
well , the problem is that even among us , who have the sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives , they consider it a more difficult and more , they somehow limit it to the past , while the real world , is our world .
all cultures have kept getting involved in the dance with new yorkers .
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the americans didn 't stop to be less on sioux than they did a bow and arrow job , when the americans stopped being americans when they were horses and their job .
not change and technology threaten the integrity of the earth 's power , the ugly face of the rule .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i find a lot more , you will see the ugly face of political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the most violent extinction of human beings is generally convicted , but the world war , the destruction of the human way , is not only not only not judged , but generally celebrated and celebrated as part of a party of a family of a country .
and you can 't understand the suffering of death , if you haven 't seen it on a lower level .
the father of this young man 's father was identified as a follower of the syrian lama .
that meant that he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled with his holiness , to the church , which brought people to nepal .
his mother was imprisoned as a punishment for the crime of being wealthy .
he was smuggled into the prison at the age of two years , to hide under her ankle , because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this brave deed has been taken to a sanctuary .
one day she accidentally stepped on a bracelet and she had to go to a heavy labour camp for seven years .
the suffering can be unbearable , but the spirit of man is a little more powerful .
and in the end , we are truly before a choice .
and it is humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution that brought us the agriculture , and at this moment , the cult of the most beautiful , the poetry of the shaman replaced by the prose and the hierarchy , and made us only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is hardly 300 years old .
well , that superficial story doesn 't tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
if we ask these countless numbers for the meaning of the code , they answer with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a picture i took in at the north end of the south end of the world , when i went to the north with a photo , and this man , the one , the one who told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always been very well handled with the financial institutions and during the years of our reign , they were forced to move to settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took all the weapons and all the tools .
now , you must know that the earth republic have no fear of the cold .
they were originally made by fish wrapped in fish that had been wrapped in fish .
the grandfather of the man 's grandfather was not afraid of the darkest night or the raging storm .
and when the feces started to freeze , he made them into the shape of a knife .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he put on the dog and put on a dish , took the skeleton of the dog , and he put on a sled , put on another dog , and put it over the top of his belt .
there 's nothing you can do .
and this is in many ways a symbol of the resistance of the natives and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government gave the u.s. government the full control of an area that is larger than california and texas combined .
it is our new homeland , and it is called the new country .
it 's an independent area , they control all the power systems .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its people and reach .
and in the end , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to those distant targets of the earth , to realize that they are not even removed .
you are someone 's favorite .
and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children , become part of the hope of geography .
what we 're trying to do at national geographic is that we believe politicians can never achieve anything .
we believe that we believe that we believe that we can not believe that we can change the world , and therefore , we are probably the best institution in the world 's history , but we believe that we can change the world .
nations of the united nations are sending our special forces .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many ,
and it doesn 't matter how many information we look at , how big these images are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the security footage , and it 's in a section of 300 .
it doesn 't make any difference , because the only thing that can narrow down the power of a system like this is the number of brain activity on your screen in every moment , and it has a very sophisticated architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of a book of art .
this is the house of dickens .
to prove that it 's really about a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this is a real piece of paper and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a book .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a case that is a copy of the guardian .
every great picture is the beginning of a big picture .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a real magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with several newspaper .
we also did something on the corner of this special edition of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution that is much higher than a normal ad , and we added additional contents .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see it here .
or other models , or even technical specs .
and this really takes up these ideas , these restrictions for the available space on the screen .
we hope that doesn 't mean any more of this nonsense ... that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , of course , the most obvious is one of the most obvious , most obvious , most of all for a technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we will also contribute to this area .
but these are all the streets in the city .
up on the top of the most beautiful picture of nasa .
let 's get something else out now .
you can check it out .
this is a project with the name of the " a " that really connects two different technologies .
the one is a graduate student , and the other one is a very good research on top of the world , which , by the name of noah , is a member of the university of washington , under the consultation of steve ,
and , uh , and , uh , and , uh , rick , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , uh , this is , a very good cooperation .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that when we create this kind of view that we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the multiple resolution .
but the most important order of the images is here , indeed , meaning .
i don 't know exactly if i have time to show you other things .
there are some who are much more powerful .
we had to worry about the lawyers .
therefore , these are all of these things , and they all stand together in this way in a relationship .
and we can navigate that very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i suppose you can see that these are many different kinds of cameras , everything is about to get from the front door to professional security , a pretty large number of them all patched up in this environment .
and if possible , i will find some of the strange .
a lot of them are covered by faces covered by faces .
somewhere here is a series of photographs - here they are .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was recorded properly .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point is here is that we can do things with the social environment , and now we are now gathering data from all the entire collective memory of how visual the earth looks and everything is connected .
all these photos will be linked together , and it creates something greater than the sum of the parts .
you will receive a model from all over the earth .
consider this to be the sequel to the work of the work of stephen stephen cardinal on earth .
and this is something that , through the complexity that people use , grows , and their use for the user with the application is growing .
their own photos will be filled with the same as the one other person .
and , of course , by-product of all of which are the vast , vast , virtual models of every interesting part of the earth , which were not only preserved by satellite or satellite images and so forth , but through collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at a certain time , within the next few years , all images being used by someone in the world are basically linked ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to make it , you can put it between the pictures .
and she 's doing this because of the photo in the pictures .
and this is really exciting when you think about the fill of the most sensitive information that has many of these pictures .
like when they do a video camera for pictures where they enter sentences and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about which picture this is .
but how would it be if the picture connects you to all your pictures ?
it 's a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very enormous .
congratulations .
thank you very much .
i 'm going to tell you some things from my book that , as i hope , are in harmony with other things you 've already heard , and i 'll try to make some connections myself , if you haven 't noticed these .
i would like to begin with what i call " official business . "
the official police department of what ?
this is the official national security agency of all western european societies .
the official security system is working so , if our target is the key to our citizens , this is , especially through the freedom of the individual .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , meaningful , a more effective requirement for the human .
when people have freedom , then each one of us deals for ourselves to do the things that our common good and no one has to decide for us .
the way to free freedom is to choose to live .
and the more the more the more the more the more people who have , the more freedom they have , the more the better the better .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply , that no one in that sense would question it .
and it is also deeply rooted in our lives .
i will give you some examples of what gives us modern progress .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say a little something about the , uh , the ...
so that 's what the supermarket is like .
and then they go to the most expensive store to put together a stereo , a cd player , radio , radio , and in this one business , there are so many electronics .
we can put together a million different stereo facilities from the components offered in this one business .
you must admit that this is a big selection .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have any phone provider you wanted as long as he came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
an episode of which was that the phone was never broken .
these days are over .
we now have almost an infinite selection of phones , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle of the " -- " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ...
and if you haven 't seen this in your business so far , you can be sure you will soon .
and what it does is it makes people go into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other forms of life , which are a lot more powerful than buying items , the same explosion of the oil industry .
it is no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you we could do a or we could make b .
a has these advantages and risks .
b has these advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says " a " has these advantages and risks and b has the advantages and the risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's an enormous marketing for people like you and me , that if you think about it , it doesn 't make any sense at all because we don 't buy it .
why do they advertise us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change from the medical examiner .
something as profound as our identity is now a matter of the choice to show this foil .
we do not inherit identity , we invent it .
and we invent as much as we want .
that means every day when you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the school board was that almost everyone had one , and that they got married as soon as they could , and then they got kids as fast as they could .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did after .
nowadays everything is easy to have .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give you 20 % less work than i used to .
and that 's not because you 're less smart and not because you 're less careful .
it 's because you 're busy with other things , you ask yourself , " should i get married or not ?
shall i marry later ?
they 're all unanswered questions .
and you will answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the tasks i give you and not getting a good grade in my class .
and in fact , you should do that .
we are blessed , as carl has made it clear , with the , uh , space travel that allows us to work every minute of every day from every place on the planet to the hotel randolph .
there is , by the way , a corner that i won 't tell anyone about that will work .
i won 't tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means is , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions about work , back and again and again , whether we should work or not work .
we can watch our kids play football , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on the other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our kid mutilate a dog , we 're wondering , " should i take that call ?
should i answer that e-mail ?
and even though the answer to the question " no , " i 'm sure it will be your experience of your child 's memory is very different from it .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
that 's what i 'm trying to say , there have been a few choices , but not everything was a question of choice .
and the world we live in now looks like this .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna get what 's bad about it .
all of these brain waves have two effects , two negative effects on people .
it 's an effect , a way of changing , is that it 's paralyzed instead of freeing .
with so many options you can choose , people are very difficult to decide at all .
i 'm going to give you another example of a study of investment in volunteers .
i had a colleague of mine who had access to government records of the giant financial industry of about a million employees and , like , 2,000 different companies .
and what she found was , per 10 times the employer offered , took the attendance at 2 % .
you 're offering 50 % of the 30 % of the 30 % less employees than if she only offered five .
because it 's 50 % of what are there to choose , it 's so hard to decide which one is to choose that they 'll delay it for tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never tomorrow .
by not participating , you will give up to $ 5,000 a year of us on the top of the board that would have been happy to breed your contribution .
paralysis is a result of too many paralysis .
and i think it makes the world look that way .
you really want to make the decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or even the wrong investment fund .
so this is the one effect , the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less content with the outcome of the selection than if we had the opportunity to choose between ourselves .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it is not to regret anything that is disappointing for the choice you make .
second of all , which is the name of the name of the name of the " a " .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning by telling how much the way we assess things depends on what we compare it to .
well , if there are a lot of options to consider , it is simply to imagine attractive qualities of alternatives that you rule out makes you less content with the alternatives you chose .
for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's some in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach .
what could be better ? " the man thinks , " it 's august .
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks chasing the thought he missed the opportunity to have a great parking lot day after day .
i think we 're going to lower the satisfaction that we get through our choices , even if what we choose is fantastic .
and the more possibilities there are to choose , the more attractive qualities of these choices are considered in the most attractive .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he 's making a statement about living now , and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point that he does is , whenever you decide for one thing , you decide not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and it will , what they do will make less attractive .
three , the escalation of expectations .
this hit me when i wanted to exchange my jeans .
i wear jeans , mostly all the time .
so went to buy new jeans after many years of the old man 's , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , here 's my size . "
and the clerk said , " do you want to lean , light or wide ?
do you want buttons or zipper , stone or acid washed ?
you want jeans with holes ?
would you like to cut down , cut , cut , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , and so on he said .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i 'd like the kind that used to be the only way . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour with all those damn jeans , and i left the business , and i tell the truth with the best jeans i ever had .
i had it better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try to explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse was with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations , i had no concrete expectations when there was only one way .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i had received to what i expected , and what i was disappointing compared to what i expected .
the added of possibilities in people 's lives inevitably increases people 's expectations about how good these possibilities will be .
and this leads to less satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if you did , you wouldn 't all know what this is all about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is that things used to be better than anything was worse than anything worse was to make people experience that were a pleasant surprise .
these days , in the world we live in , we live in , we wealthy , law-abiding citizens , with perfection , the best thing to hope for is that things are as good as you expect .
they will never be pleasant , because their expectations , my expectations , are so thick .
the secret to the world 's most secret is what they 've all come for . the secret to the world is low expectations .
i would like to say a brief moment that i am married to a woman , and she is very wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why , who 's responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even though the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so , the point is that in general , we are better , in general , objectively , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there 's no question that a little choice is better than none , but it doesn 't follow that there are more choices than a few choices .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we 've missed this point for a long time at the selection of our common good .
now , as a principle question of the question , i am almost done as a simple question , the thing about thinking , the thing that allows all these choices in the social society is the wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we have heard of many of them whose problem is not too much to choose .
your problem is you don 't have enough .
so the things i 'm talking about are a strange problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what is so frustrating and annoying is that steve , who told you yesterday about how those expensive and difficult to do is not to help out a waste of money .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive , complicated choices are not easy for you not to help .
they even hurt .
they 'll make us look worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions to the societies where people would have pushed too few choices would not only improve people 's lives , but our dignity would be improved .
it 's called an application .
it will not only make the poor , the poor , because all of these great choices are bothering us .
what does this fish know ?
you don 't know anything about it possible in this business . "
it 's the most beautiful fantasy of the world , and that 's the way i read it first .
the more i thought about it , the more i came to think the fish knew something .
because the truth is , if you break the bone , so that anything is possible , you have no freedom .
if you break the sound system , so that anything is possible , you will lower the satisfaction .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everyone needs a special delivery .
this is almost too limited with complete security , possibly even for the fish , definitely for us .
but that 's missing from a prescription for misery , and i guess disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and about the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we are starting from a new point , we have the biology , and now we 're trying to get from the digital code into a new phase of biology by creating new life and building .
we 've always tried to ask some important questions .
it 's something i think a lot of people have tried to understand and that on different levels .
we 've tried different approaches to make it easier to simplify it to the most sophisticated components .
we 've had nearly 20 years in the last 20 years , and when we were the most advanced in the world of biology , the new world of the computers .
now we 're trying to wonder if we can regenerate life or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , the one that has the smallest genome of a species that can itself in the lab , and we have tried to replicate it with a smaller genome .
we managed to give up , like , a hundred genes from the 500 or something that are here .
therefore , we have decided that it is the only way forward is to actually become what allows us to vary the individual components to vary and so to ask some of these questions .
and that 's how we started with the question , can we get a little more serious ?
is it possible for the chemistry to create these really big molecules that has never been done before ?
so , if we can do that , can we start the launch ?
a , uh , a , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
our steps in the life of our lives were exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has developed very slowly , but it still increases , and our last point would now set to a more permanent curve .
we started it 15 years ago .
it actually took a couple of years to start with a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , it 's a very difficult thing to do .
there are tens of thousands of thousands of machines around the world who can make small pieces of dna for 30 to 50 letters , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new method of putting these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the " b " b. " b. "
it 's a little virus that kills bacteria .
we made small pieces , we made a blood sample and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of toxic chemical and put it in a plastic freezer , and the blood flow began to read the genetic code and made the particles more powerful .
then the subatomic particles were then released from the cells and returned and killed e. coli .
the other day , i was talking to the police department , and you said that you were very specific about this model .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that this is a situation in the software that can actually build your own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to start digital information on the computer , that digital information must really be flawless .
when we first got the genome in ' 95 , in ' 95 , it was a mistake for a ten thousand .
if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible .
a part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long , and which have to be used to make smaller pieces to make these match .
we have created unique elements here .
they may have heard that we put in some kind of a plastic bag .
think about it , we have a code , a , c , g and t .
in this letter , these letters , these letters , like , 20 letters , and here , there is a single purpose for each of these letters .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first , we just signed .
some people were disappointed that it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could just cut them apart with carbon fiber , and there are enzymes that can repair and put them together .
and we have started to create pieces , beginning with pieces of pieces that contained the most powerful letters to each other , to put together these together to put them back together , until it came back .
in every step , we produced these pieces in the excess so we could get them out , because we were trying to create a very lucrative process they 'll see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point of entry point .
well , it looks like a ... it 's like a ... it 's like a ...
if we can get to these really big pieces with over a hundred hundred hundred thousand -- they won 't just grow into e. coli , it 's beyond all the possibilities of modern , and so we turned to other mechanisms .
we knew of a mechanism called the " the " the " the " the biology " used to repair dna that could make such pieces together .
there is an example of this , there is an organism called the " the three million wheel of radiation " .
you can see in the upper field that his heart is simply falling apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything was back together the way it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely drained , they can even live in the vacuum .
i am absolutely certain that life can exist in space and move in search of conditions that can be found .
in fact , nasa has shown that there are a lot of them out there .
here is a sample of the molecule we made using these trials , in fact , we only used the right design of the pieces .
it 's not a sex thing . it 's a regular family thing .
it 's such a big molecule , that we can even see it with the water heater .
these are recordings over a period of six seconds .
this is the paper we just finished recently .
it is the largest molecule of the structure that has ever been created by humans .
it 's got a $ 300 million bill .
if we were to print it out with a 10 and without a trace , it would contain 142 pages just to get this genetic code back .
well , how do we launch a nuclear reactor ?
obviously , it 's very simple with a virus .
it 's just as easier when you do it in the way we do it , you just take out the , you put in another , and that 's exactly what you all heard about the cloning .
at the time of the war , the cell is integrated into the cell , but only recently , we have shown that you can perform a full transplant from one cell to another and activate this .
the new security guard went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to keep the process a little further .
this is the world of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here who have taken in a second solar system , or a third of somewhere , every time thousands of nuclear weapons in just one second to a sentient species .
so , people who imagine evolution as a gene that 's changed at a time , have missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes that are actually called the brain cells that will actually digest dna .
the most powerful thing that was in the cell has none of the chromosomes we 've already added .
it was carved in the cell and recognized the other as alien material , and so at the end , we had only one cell with a new one .
it turned blue because of the genes we had added .
and after a very short time , it had lost all of the species and completely lost into a new species based on the new software we put in the cell .
all the proteins changed when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like some kind of , uh , a little , uh , a little , uh , a little , uh , a little bit of a dramatic , but , uh , we can , we can , uh , we can , we can , we can , move the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the ,
now i have argued that this is not the genesis of the genesis that is based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i have argued that we may be about to create a new form of the most advanced explosion in which there could be massive new energy readings based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious , considering what we need .
we 're about six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for everyone who has existed in 1946 within 40 years it will be four .
we 've got problems with the food supply , with fresh and boiling water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it will be a challenge to offer for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 200 billion barrels of oil .
if we think about biological trials or any process to replace it , it will be a huge challenge .
then , of course , of course , there 's all the co2 from this material that lands in the atmosphere .
we now , from our discoveries from all over the world , we have a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the most powerful of the future .
the water supply had a dozen components , and look at the variety that it created .
we are here in the first line here to the limits of the biological reality and to those of our imagination .
we have technology today , due to this rapid genetic development , to do what we call " the gene " genetics .
we now have the opportunity to build a great robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you can imagine making these 20 million different genes , or making these trials to create drug use , or new new vaccines , we can change with a single small team more than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's just , it 's just , it 's , uh ... it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , it 's just , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's
this is a recording of a real recording of the work we 're working with that you actually sit down with and know new species on the computer ,
we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now focused on the fourth generation of the fourth generation .
you 've recently seen corn on corn , which is just a bad experiment .
we 've got a group of the third and third generation who are about to come out relatively soon , who will have a much higher level of , like , the most powerful , or different kind of animal rights .
but , as we think , the only way that biology will have a great influence with no further increase in the cost of food or the restraint of their food , if we see the co2 as carbon dioxide , and that 's where we work ,
and we think that we will be the first to be the first with the fourth generation , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we all have different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the north sea , about 40 miles deep , near the north wall .
it changes co2 in methane in the use of hydrogen as a power source .
we 're looking to see if we can use carbon co2 , which could be easily transported to the core , convert the co2 into fuel to counteract this process .
within a short period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of the basic questions of life .
you know , we really do have some very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
but that 's exactly how we 're working at the moment to use the same approach to the development of nuclear weapons .
you saw it this year with the flu , we 're always on the back for a year and have a dollar too little when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that this can be changed by making the most effective vaccines in the gamma quadrant .
this is how the future could possibly look with changes , can be accelerated today by a synthetic bacteria , carbon monoxide , and possibly viral .
our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to possibly do so .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the president .
and i promised to come back to explain to you how the machine works .
and for all those who weren 't there then , the most advanced scientific experiment has ever been followed 27 miles in diameter .
his task is to create the conditions which , less than a second , existed at the beginning of the -- and that to 600 million times within a second .
it 's just ... it 's just incredibly ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of these paintings in the art of the world .
i work on this one , he calls himself the atlas detector ... 44 meters in the width , 22 meters in diameter .
here 's a painted picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the light .
on september 10th last year , the machine was the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused tremendous cheering in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first piece of the first piece of the first piece of the film that 's been running around the entire route around the globe , then deliberately with a piece of the metal detector , to leave a rain of particles on the wall .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew that the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this has caused the greatest cheers , or this , when someone visited the google side , and they were so much fun .
it means we reached a cultural influence next to the scientific .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these , uh ...
these wires , they run a series of wire transfers when the machine goes on a roll .
well , the engineers among them will look at you and say , " no , they don 't .
you can afford it , because if you cool it a long way , they 'll become too called " a " .
so , at minus 70 degrees , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the connections , between the most powerful magnets in the field , there was a power surge .
thus , the wires heat slightly , and then suddenly , the wires , the wires , the wires , the wires , the wires , and the wires , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , uh , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they , they ,
this was the result .
well , all this is even more impressive if you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons , and they move around about 30 inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets
and they had to remove what we did .
we 'll rebuild it , we 'll rebuild it .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , we will be able to restore the power grid .
we will be able to turn it on , and expect to collect first dates in june or july , and continue our journey to find out what the universe 's most wanted .
well , of course , in a way like this , accidents like this again set up the debate to turn down the value of science and science on such borders .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we are reaching beyond our borders , is the value of things like the most .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my profession , but , of course , it 's more than that .
it is also my great , lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect this to ever change .
however , recent something strange has happened in my life and my career , which has made me to completely rethink my relationship with this work .
the result is that i , no matter where i go , will be treated as if i were doomed .
seriously ... doomed !
for example , you come to me very worried and say , " don 't you fear that you will never exceed this success ?
aren 't you afraid that you will live your whole life and never create a book that will interest anyone in the world ?
okay , that 's really brave .
people said , " aren 't you afraid to never succeed ? "
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of a rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you will die on this craft your whole life , and that nothing will ever come out of this , and that you will die on a pile of broken dreams , your mouth filled with the bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - - the short answer to all these questions is :
yeah , i 'm afraid of all these things .
and i always have .
and i am afraid of even more things no one would ever know .
it 's like algae and other things .
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it recently and i wonder why ?
is that sensible ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to be afraid to do the work he feels called to do ?
and what exactly is going on with the creative enterprises that they make us insecure about the mutual mental state in a way other professions don 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist he was asked to be afraid of being a chemist .
with your favorite , john - how you doing with that ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of the chemist , for the centuries , have not received the reputation of the people who have been called by the people who have been in the name of the people who are in the world .
we writers seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of all the writers , they seem to have this reputation to be mentally unstable .
all you have to do is to look at the bitter , bitter , of the really great minds alone from the 20th century , who died young and often from their own hands .
and even those who didn 't actually commit suicide seemed really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer just before he died in his last interview , every one of my books killed me a little further .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i would like to ask everyone here today is , is this idea of yours completely all right ?
i don 't feel comfortable with that perception .
i find it disgusting .
and i find you dangerous , and i don 't want to watch her take over to the next century .
i think it 's better if we live our great creative stimulation .
and i definitely know that for me , in my situation , it would be very dangerous to start this dark path of guess - especially in the fact that i am in my career right now .
i 'm only about 40 years old .
i may still have 40 more of those in me .
and it 's most likely that everything i 'm about to write from now on is judged by the world as the work that came after the bizarre success of my last book , right ?
i say it straight , because we are all friends here now ... it is most likely that my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 in the morning and i don 't want that .
i would rather continue to do this work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after some time of the process , it seems to me that i , to continue writing , have to design some kind of psychological construct .
somehow from now on , i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between me and my very natural sense of how the reaction will be on the written .
this search led me to ancient greece and the ancient rome .
please follow me because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a sort of a kind of a divine god , who comes from a distant , unknown source to the people for inexplicable , unknown reasons .
the greeks used to call these divine , divine , the ... the ... the ... the ... the ...
of socrates is known that he believed that he had a demon who told him wisdom from far away .
the romans had the same idea , they called this kind of the spirit of the mind of a brilliant genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a very smart individual .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct that protects you from the consequences of your work .
and everyone knew it worked that way , right ?
the artist of the film was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't look at everything for yourself .
if your work is not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how the people in the west really thought about creativity for a long time .
it is the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the human race , and people began to believe that creativity came completely from its own individual .
for the first time in history , people hear this artist or the artist call a genius instead of having a genius .
i must tell you , i think it was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
the disfigured and the whole of the ego , and it creates all of these , uh , ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
i think that this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this , uh ... this ... this , uh ... this ... this ... this , uh ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this ... this
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true - is the question :
can we change it ?
perhaps to an understanding of the relationship between humans and the mysteries of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can not just wipe out the most beautiful of 500 years in a dramatic lecture .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would , indeed , truly , truly , truly , truly , truly , would register a reasonable scientific doubt about the idea of - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
i probably won 't be able to take all of you on this trip .
but the question i want is , why not ?
why don 't you think about that ?
because it makes as much sense as anything else i 've heard about , when it was about explaining the absolutely insane , totally insane , creative process .
a process that , as everyone knows , who has ever tried to do something , so in other words , in other words , everyone here is not always being reasonable .
in fact , in fact , he can sometimes feel like he 's really , really , really .
she said it was like a floating train of air ,
the one who would walk across the land on you .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew that in a moment like this , she could only do one thing , and that was in her words , racing like the devil .
and then there were those moments - - the part i will never forget - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
in these occasions , the poem came clean and intact on the paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was scary - - - that 's exactly how my creative process works .
it 's not like my creative process - i 'm not the channel !
i 'm a mule , to be able to work , i have to get up at the same time every day and sweat , and i get really uncomfortable .
but even i myself in my class , i sometimes brushed this thing .
and i guess many of them have done that , too .
even i had work or ideas that would come from a source through me that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we deal with this in a relationship without losing our minds , but to keep ourselves in the opposite of mental health ?
for me , the best living example is how to do this , the musician tom waits , and i was allowed to interview him for a magazine a few years ago .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the most modern modern artist who was trying to control those creative impulses that lived in him , to control them .
but then he got older and calmer , and he told me that one day he was driving on a highway in los angeles and everything changed for him .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he begins to rise up this old wooden horse in him , for example , i will lose this thing and will be pursued by this song forever .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't do it .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he ended the whole thing and did something completely new .
he just looked up into the sky and he said , " sorry , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could just write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a moment when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go torture leonard cohen .
his whole life of life changed after that .
not the work itself .
there could be a miraculous , miraculous , bizarre , bizarre collaboration , some kind of conversation between tom and the most beautiful , most beautiful thing that wasn 't quite tom .
when i heard that story , it changed a bit of the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of all time .
i started to think that i should just put the project down .
but then i remembered how tom had spoken in the open sky and i tried .
so i lifted my gaze from the manuscript and i spoke my comment on an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
i have no more than that .
so if you want it better , you have to show up here and keep your end of the deal .
but if you don 't , you know what , fuck it .
i 'll keep writing , though , because that 's my job .
and i would like to please report that i was here today for my part of the job .
for ... in the end , it is as follows ... centuries ago , in the deserts , the people of the land are gathered ... with sacred and music that have been kept for hours ... until dawn .
these parties were always great because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rare , something special happened , one of the actors was actually being played .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen such a performance in your life .
it was as if time was standing still and the dancer kicking through some sort of portal , doing nothing different than he 's ever done before , a thousand nights before , but it all adds up .
and all of a sudden , he no longer seemed human .
he was lit up from the inside and lit up from the bottom , and everything went through a divine fire .
when something like that happened back then , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , a divine act of allah , ol , ol , ol , and allah , great , great , bravo , and it is :
and that 's great , because we need this .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he no longer carries a shred of god in him .
he is merely a humble mortal with his knees , and perhaps he will never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name again when he turns , but what will he do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
this is one of the most sophisticated corrections of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain , if you didn 't believe from the start , that the fundamental aspects of your existence would come from you .
if you might just believe that you 're a loan from a more reliable source for a more time of your life passed on to someone else when you 're done .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
that 's how i started to think , and so i 'm sure for the past few months , while i 've been working on the book that will soon appear as the dangerous , scary , terrifying successor of my awesome success .
what i have to keep telling myself when i get crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
be still there for your contribution , whatever it may be .
when your job is to dance , dance .
if the stupid divine genius who stands to your side , decides to show you a hint of wonder through your effort , then to be the good ole ol !
and if not , dance your dance .
and for you , for all that .
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
for you , in spite of all that , you have the pure love and love of the human being .
thank you .
thank you .
ol !
last year , i showed these two , i showed these two , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the
but this is not strong enough to express the seriousness of this particular problem , since it does not show the fat of the heart .
in a certain sense , the most terrifying , the heart of our global warming .
it grows in the winter and grows in the summer .
the next foil i 'll show you is a plastic bag which has happened in the last 25 years .
it 's marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the new year 's eve .
the so-called , the so-called , five years old , or older , is almost like blood that comes from the body here .
in 25 years , it will have disappeared from here to here .
this is a problem , since the warming of the frozen reason for the atlantic ocean , where there are large amounts of carbon , which , if it is to be converted from microbes to methane .
compared to the sum of all the amount of raw materials in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we crossed this critical point .
already today , in some flat lakes in alaska , methane from the water itself .
professor walter walter of the university in alaska has traveled to another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is how will we be ?
and a reason is , this huge , huge , industrial , greenland is warming from the north .
this is a very , very , very , very , very ...
but the volume is much bigger than ever .
this is the southeast greenland river .
if you 'd like to know how the sea level rises through the sea , it flows into the sea .
these rivers are rapidly increasing .
on the other end of the planet , the antarctica , the greatest underground on the planet .
last month , scientists have reported that the entire continent has now had a negative reading .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the
this is like 20 feet of water , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the most powerful , they see up there new lakes that were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world are getting half of their share of their product out of this .
in the andes , this glacier is the most powerful for this city .
we 've got to get out of here .
but if they dry up , most of the drinking water will also be drained .
in california in california , there was a 40 year old of the southern coast of the sierra .
this is about the time period .
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this is the most dramatic thing in the whole world that leads to a dramatic increase in firing .
and the disasters of all over the world have gained weight in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 75 .
this is a complete , complete , complete , complete and utter , complete and complete .
if you look at this in the historical context , you can see what it does .
in the last five years , we have produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours of the last 25 million tons of long tons of the oceans .
look closely at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent west and west of the indian land , where there is a significant drop of water in the sea .
the greatest single factor for global warming , next to the oil industry , which makes 20 % , is the burning of fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the biggest problem .
the united states are one of the two largest military contractors , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot of more of the building blocks .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones who have been canceled in the last few years with some green alternatives that have been suggested .
there is a political conflict in our country .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
this picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , i was at my home in tennessee , a billion tons of gold .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is in all of our land of the most beautiful of america .
this happened at christmas .
one of the commercials at christmas was this one .
" frosty the cold is a jolly , jolly fellow . "
there is it in a shell and a wealth in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , the ice cream man gets cleaner every day .
he is the most charming and lovable , and workers remain in the wages and bread .
this is the source of most money in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of the massey family .
let me make one thing very clear .
so the alliance has called to life for two campaigns of war .
this is a part of her .
at the time of the war , we will see as a serious threat to our business .
that 's why we put it to the supreme court of law to spend a considerable amount of money on the way to get the truth about coal .
the fact is , money isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good
so , don 't you worry about the , uh , the , uh ...
leave that to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so let 's take a tour of these modern , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean , clean .
this machine is pretty loud .
but it is the sound of the sound of the clean metal .
and yet , the burning of coal is one of the key to global warming , which is remarkably clean , which you see here changes everything .
take a good look at it , this is today 's , clean slate .
finally , the positive alternative is mixed with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the economy .
the red thread that connects all of these together is our dependence on our dependence on the same as dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there is a brave new solution to free us from this predicament .
america will restore 100 % clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to bring america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
i want you to look after america .
this is the last one .
it 's about a united states government agency .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , dirty , dirty , who suffocate our world .
the future is here .
new investments to do well paid jobs .
it 's time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be quick , go alone .
if you want to come far , go together . "
we have to get far , fast .
thank you .
i would like to begin by asking you to go back to the time of your childhood when you were playing with your childhood friends .
while they realized how to put your hands on your hands and your hands on your hands , to absorb and move , they actually learned to think , to think , and to solve problems by understanding and changing the context .
the thinking is closely connected to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and develop a new form .
in short , a computer system is a state-of-the-art computer the size of a computer .
you can be moved by your hand , you can feel each other , you can pick up your movements , and you have a screen and a screen .
more importantly , are physical , which is why you can only move it through the reach of your hands and reach .
and the dna results are an example of a new generation of digital technology for manipulation data .
and if these tools become physical and develop a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the finer points of our relationship with them , then we can begin with the exploration of exploration and new development .
i 'll start with a few simple , simple , simple , simple , simple things .
and if i put it in one direction , the video will go forward , if i put it in the other direction , it will go backwards .
and these painted portraits take each other true .
so if i put it next to you , it 'll make you interested .
when they 're surrounded by the sea animals , they also notice and can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and inclination .
an interesting episode of the interactions that we began to recognize was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like to pour colors the way you do with fluids .
in this case , we 've configured three of the main systems as a power conduit , and i can use it to water paint paint in the middle where they 'll be mixed .
if we push it a little , we can get a little carried away .
there are also some very nice opportunities in education as languages , mathematics , or mathematics , where we give people the opportunity of the fast , and they want to see results immediately .
here i am ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a , uh ... this is a , uh ... this is a , uh ... this is a , uh ... this is a ...
this is a game of words that is some kind of a mix of scrabble and a play .
in principle , you get every round of every round of every kind , by any chance , you get a letter of letters , and while you try to form words , these will be tested over a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , it will be mixed again , and you have a new , new , new possibilities .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a field trip , and i could get them to try it and take a video of them .
you really loved it .
it 's an interesting circumstance in this kind of thing that you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words " and you know exactly what to do .
there are a few more people here to test it .
this is our youngest vice president down there on the right .
it turns out he just wanted to stack the plastic bags .
so , to him , you were just a little bit of a ...
this is a ... this ... this is a ... this is ... this is a ... this is a ... this is a ...
we were going to develop an energy program to create a subspace field for the brain .
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by picking up the top of the table that shows this character .
here he lets the sun rise .
the sun rises
now he gets a tractor into the scene .
the orange tractor .
good work !
by shaking the walls and setting them together , he can let the characters interact ...
... invent his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open end , and he can decide how it develops .
flying cat .
the last example of which i have time to show today is a musical instrument for the music industry that we recently developed and in the sound of sound , like bass and drums .
each has four different variations , one can choose which one would like to use .
and you can put these sounds in the sequence that you can , in any way , order in any pattern .
and you feed them in by just keeping an eye out for a dog .
there are the effects you can change live , like hall and filter .
you connect it with a certain tone and then you turn it into a stop .
and then the effects of the effects of speed and volume you use to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we will begin with , in which we will set up the air force in two separate and order these in a series to expand and add a little more of the voice .
now i add a bass .
now i 'm gonna do some drums .
and now i connect the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by blowing the tempo one way or another .
and now i 'm gonna connect the filter to the bass , for a little more expression .
i can surround the sequence while it 's running .
so i don 't have to plan it in advance , but i can improvise , extend it , or shorten it .
and in conclusion , i can block out the whole sequence by leaning to the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new forms that are better suited to how our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to show you a part of this new development and some of the possibilities of what we 're working on in our lab .
the thought i want to give you on the way is that we are at the threshold of this new generation of cyber interaction with the digital media that brings information to our world that matches our requirements .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to all of you !
hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , well , what do you want ?
i have to go back to that for a while , and i have to get a little bit busy with the modern family tradition .
i 've been going to study law school , and i 've been working with the student council for a few years now , and that 's what i started because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , in theory .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to the matter , like this .
i think that in general , in general now , in general , the most common language , all that matters is synthetic biology and so forth ,
extremely important is now extremely important , and much more important , much more important in the future .
there are such things as all of these , uh , different plants that have changed on the floor .
now , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ... there 's , uh ...
under then there are also things that have come completely in the daily life , which most people are not aware of , for example , that allow us to wash with 40 degrees of laundry , they are also the most people .
and the list can be continued indefinitely .
and so out of the interest of this technology , i just kept going in there .
so why hack now ?
most people know most of the people who know it from the prison .
computer hacking , and then it 's always gonna be like this in the media , yeah , the hackers break in and steal data and stuff .
it 's kind of sad to say that it 's not that what she actually started like that and what 's actually behind it .
and , in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and it 's about , in a creative , original way , solving a problem .
and it 's just that it 's just , it 's just , you know , it 's , it 's just , you know , it 's , like , it 's , it 's , like , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
but it 's also a code , and you can program it , and you can also hack it , and that 's what i thought is incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get in a lot deeper .
that actually only took 2,000 , like , two thousand really shape , these networks .
there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's
but it 's always about finding such a casual access to having such a casual relationship .
and then there 's , like , " dot " dot " dot " dot " dot " , "
this is a network from the central library , which is actually more of a forum where you just meet and discuss online .
they 're a little technical directed , and they 're also a little bit more sophisticated on the way , so they 're also asked , applied questions .
and based on these , uh , the ones that made the whole thing popular , there was this kind of a scene that i 'd like to make for a second .
here in the picture on the left , you can see , this is a school , so basically , a kind of a private school , a community community service facility where everyone can go .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there just to deal with it , they set up a lab and look at what can you do when those tv shows on .
there 's a group down here on the left down here in indonesia , which means there 's been a long time .
longer than these other two networks .
they also employ in such an artistic aspect of biological materials , and , yes , and , yes , also , it 's a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and i have a lecture upstairs in the other picture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on the subject .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that unites you all is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it , and what you can do with it , and what you can do with it , and to ask and to ask , okay , okay , okay , okay , what do you want to do , you want to be interested in getting involved ?
so , so , to hack biology now , you kind of need material .
of course , you need biological materials , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you normally understand under a lab , these are kind of freaky machines , extremely expensive , extremely distant , only for a , trained , trained with a phd and so on .
and our approach was just to say that , in fact , you don 't have to do that .
it 's not really necessary , because every single one of the most advanced technology has actually developed higher technology than most of which is really .
and o o o o o o o o with this , for example , brian o , in england , has tried to put together a " a " and , " yes , so , so , " and then , " and , " and , " and then , " and , " and then , " and then , " and , " and , " and , " and , " and , " and , " and , " and , so , " and , " and , " and , "
so anyone who 's ever had a soup that he left for too long has done before .
i then i tried this in my lab at home to expand a paternity test , and then i bought myself so i bought some of these on ebay , and i did some a little , uh , a , a , a , a , a paternity test , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , so , like , like , like , like
and this is , uh , this is , uh ... this , uh , this is , uh , a kind of , uh , a kind of , uh , chemical biology thing .
and , yeah , well , you can see it 's relatively relative , so that 's what there are people who do it alone at home to big bigger organizations , who are doing more of the same thing in the state .
and that 's what it was all about then , yes , who are we , what do we want , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values and what are our values , what is our foundation ?
and that 's when we worked out some kind of , like , a ...
that was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , his and what moves him , then .
there came , in my opinion , a very good code .
and then we don 't have it , but that 's just , i think , well , it 's pretty good , people are pretty sure of that .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but somehow it didn 't get there .
well , i think we 're from the university , in that way , we are a step further than the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects do we do now ?
a project that i did with the science project in switzerland was that we wanted to create a so-called optical trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we pulled out a portable burner , and then we tried to focus on that camera .
and i 'm afraid that didn 't work out , but we still learned a lot .
another project from the french group in paris , that worked , that 's pretty cool .
and he 's got this kind of a , you know , kind of a , like , kind of , like , kind of , like , kind of , like , a , uh , kind of , he 's got a , uh , he 's , uh , he 's , he 's , uh , he 's , he 's kind of , he 's , uh , he 's , he 's kind of , he 's kind of , he 's kind of , uh , he 's kind of , he 's
then he made this helmet there , and in the cooperation of the museum , it worked .
then the visitors could go into the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then their brain waves were measured , and depending on what you thought or how you thought , different lights went on in the room .
it was a pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that 's got to do with this , that 's the most complicated , complicated word .
so it 's about just copying gene , breeding , breeding , breeding fragments , making them visible .
and the machines that do something like that , they 're pretty expensive , which you buy commercial , the cheapest go at 4,000 euros .
and that 's not in the science lab , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
so this is just an application of many people you can do with it .
i think i kind of think it 's , like , $ , or something .
but in any case , it 's still not cheap now , but it 's definitely in a frame where it 's made clear .
so it is in my opinion that a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
a project that i had started the other day was to build an oil company .
yeah , it 's like a kind of , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , like , a , a , like , a , a , like , two inches or something .
you ask for a charge of a woman 's milk , and then i put it in this box , and then i shot it on onions , and then i made it glow like this .
so the device you can see doesn 't work .
but this is my so my prototype , which looked pretty awesome , on a branch like this , the thing on it , electronics on it and pressure , but that was too high , that thing went too high .
and then , i took a ... i took a ... i put it on .
you know , when you fill it with water , it 's got enough pressure , so i think it 's about 40 to 12 : 00 .
and with that , you can speed up the particles strong enough and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 ,
so it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that is , right now , that the most basic of the scene is just to increase the energy levels of technology , and also increase the information and the energy levels that more people can hire .
because , like in the beginning , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people have a relatively little bit of a clue about it , and no chance of really forming up there .
because if you just read about it , you know , it 's not the same as when you did it yourself or saw it .
and i think technology is always more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to , as a law-abiding citizen , you want to be able to make decisions in society and want to speak , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand to do it and understand .
and that will then , under the open , and citizen science .
so that as a citizen , you will be put into position with these scientific technology .
and this is this is the most beautiful of the most beautiful .
these are the people who at least officially signed up on the web site .
that 's quite a number of people in the world .
and interesting is that you are also represented in southeast asia .
that 's what i think they are , there are fewer people registered there than actually exist .
so i know about some who didn 't sign in .
and now these are just the basic , the individual people .
in part of it , with these , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and that 's at the very beginning .
like i said , it just started .
and so , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the
and this has now become a giant network of very good , yes , well , well , well , it 's become , uh , it 's all over the world .
and , of course , we hope , of course , that we will spread as much as we and then are equally connected , so that even more people can be involved .
and i would invite every once in a while to deal with it and try something for myself .
it may not be that simple right now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , then you come a long way .
thank you for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do we people actually work ?
this is a question that moves me very much as a brain surgeon , but also in the area of the most powerful and most of all things in the field of users .
it 's about how to run into people in the media , so that they can use the most sophisticated media , and so that they can create a more permanent experience .
because i believe that the most powerful media in us have created cognitive models , so in our biological memory , in a very , very long , very long time ago , and that we can just bring the media back to the media .
and that 's very amazing , because you actually believe that that that the , uh , the , uh ... that you know , that it actually brings you to the future , but , in fact , it is that the future is right here with us .
what are the most sophisticated models ?
i once wrote down four of my favorite books and i 'd like to explain them for a moment .
in addition to the cognitive and models , these are the models we 've acquired in the most recent times .
in those of the most sophisticated models , we have a natural relationship with the world leaders .
that sounds unusual in principle .
but i 'm going to go right back to that , and i 'm going to prove to you by trying to prove that you have a natural relationship with the family .
the second aspect is that we have been able to speak very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and the third area , which actually explains itself .
we all know that the most powerful media is defined by the definition of what is in the nature of the media , and which , of course , tells us that we are feeling the environmental impact today as normal .
the fourth point is that the story is a place for us to be .
how is this now with the one with the one who 's actually the most important thing in the world .
i want to show you this .
how many doors does the house you live in ?
we won 't be able to answer that to you on the spur of the moment , but this is what 's going to happen and is happening right now .
you walk through this house in spirit , where you live and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what you do .
they are the reality of reality , without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and that 's when we make an effort to make the virtual reality in our home world , for example , we can actually do it all the time .
and this fortune , the virtual the reality of reality , they had the people in the most painful times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or maybe they didn 't have any of them .
they didn 't have any family problems .
the only thing they had was her head .
and in that head , the memory played .
in this head , knowledge was pulled out of knowledge , and using these virtual images , which had just been passed along .
and that 's why it is so deeply rooted in us , that we can handle the power of the earth .
the interesting thing about it is , if i may take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at this time , the human being was the same age as the human being and medium himself .
if you think a little bit more now .
what are media today ?
then they will notice that there has been a change .
but that 's what i 'm about to say again .
the most powerful tool in the world has always been stories .
a shaman , a priest , a priest , known as a nazi , were specially cut off to keep knowledge in stories .
and today we are still very , very strong with stories .
" the author of the book of the animal , " " jonathan " , " according to the book of the book , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
that means for a child who has spent most of his life in front of stories .
now we think our love for stories depends on the fact that we sat on our parents ' lap as a child .
no , no , no , no , no , no .
this goes way back far back , in the cultures of the most painful times .
but to me , in the area of the most impressive media , is that by se , we have built ourselves in our biological memory , the ability to think more seriously .
i have brought you an example of the most powerful tribe in the world .
and the lives of the lives lived in the east of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very sophisticated area , and you had to somehow navigate from island to island to get food .
and they did it with so called " the " " the " the " " the " " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " . "
you might know that , too , if you care a little bit about that , from the australian people .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have any cell phones , but they used it like that . they used , like , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
and what the interesting thing about it is that the navigation and the areas of the region could be seen by songs .
although the language of the language was of the rank and rank .
that means , you know , you talk about sounds and rhythm .
and these sounds , and that rhythm , the geology , which , of course , has also made it possible that you could put those songs together and put them together and turn to the left , to the right and move back to the left .
why don 't we sing to come from above from a to b ?
not to navigate , anyway .
what happened ?
that 's what happened . that 's what happened .
we used to move in the so-called " the " the " " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " .
the book happened , and the book happened , and it happened , it 's the book .
and that is exactly what happened that we have moved the responsibility of our memories and our own production of our individual memories to external media .
to the book and the picture .
so , unfortunately , we have lost a bit of the lord a bit far .
and suddenly , a stranger has become a stranger to us and has nothing to do with reality .
from the main entrance to the main entrance .
what has influences on our thoughts and our memories ?
then these are the most advanced influences in the most advanced cultures .
and they will have been more and more signed over over over over the centuries by the influences of the host .
that is , instead of reminding us individually , we have spread , spread far , in a vast variety of patterns of memories we can hang our personal memories .
we don 't produce ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we don 't imagine things in pictures no more in pictures , but we think they 'll give you our language .
we 've gotten used to the fact that things happen in the past .
and we have accepted the laws of the law , and there are only exceptions , such as the law .
what we have left is the most powerful .
still , we are still very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
the question is , what now ?
we had the , uh ... we had the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ... we had the , uh ... we had the , uh ... the ... the ... the , the , the , the , the ... the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the ,
well , that sounds very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
but these concepts of the trade , they bring us back these opportunities to discover our abilities .
it 's all about , it 's about , uh , it 's about , uh ... it 's about , uh ...
let me explain .
there are technical concepts , for example , the fundamental reality , which means the advanced reality .
as crazy as it may sound , of course , in the context of my brain , we are physically moving in not the virtual virtual , virtual worlds , all by the example of the holodeck .
and other , another example is the most intelligent , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that are intelligent people can react to .
all of this needs the ability to accept our god-given ability as a real habitat .
i have graduated , and i hope the video works , a very , very , very nice project , this is the most beautiful of the most beautiful , most beautiful of the most beautiful of the most beautiful , most beautiful of the most beautiful , most beautiful , most beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , and the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , most beautiful , the most beautiful ,
and the two of them , they 're here today .
maybe you can get up for a second so they can talk about the project at recess .
and i have brought this project as an example of how it is addressed to this , uh , the , uh , cognitive models .
the whole thing is a game , i have to say .
which , of course , which , of course , is extremely powerful , and it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's a ... it 's ... it 's a ... it 's a ...
and when i say , you have very likely to have eyes that some people are outside of some kind of a control panel or that they 're playing with some console in their hand .
in any case , you do that in there .
this is a game for outside .
and that is specifically thought that i would discover the outside world , so that i would discover the real world again .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce is the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you might as well explain it a lot better . there 's more to it than that .
and it 's about me discovering a city by looking at which places are positive or negative .
and so , from the city , i get a completely different look , a completely different impression , because i see negative and positive zones of a city , and so , in this way , i get a completely different , virtual map of a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
and we can take a look at that now .
ah , what you can see here , excuse me , is a little explanation of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives in the walls of our cities , of course .
and with a kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this sack is a talking sack and mine will speak instead .
he won 't do that .
i will also dissolve what 's in there .
but so far , i 'm just a little curious .
yes , children are naturally curious , or should be curious , designer too .
i 'm out of the house , so , of course , i also deal with the subject of curiosity , and how does curiosity change our minds again , and why maybe we lose curiosity , and we have to drink it up again and so on .
this is a whole series of things that you deal with next to the actual existence of being a sex addict .
when the professors get curious , they get a lot more and more and more and more and more and more and more .
and that 's what i had the last half year .
it 's a matter of natural interface interface design .
now you 're going to wonder , why do all the world 's leaders begin to deal with so natural , natural , most sophisticated communications , interaction , and so on .
and i only hold one of those little devices up there because things are supposed to become more and more natural , more and more natural , and that 's where you have to look , which is actually for us , of course , which is intuitive or intuitive .
so i 've been busy , when is something natural or intuitive ?
might need to have another look at it .
why is this even happening ?
so , if we look at the development of our society here , we are now moving from the third to the fourth of the year , or the next .
so , from the modern to the new world .
every society is marked by a human being .
in the beginning , it 's the language of language .
that means they found each other , so that they spoke a common language , they could communicate with each other , moved into the same cave or in other areas , formed cities or villages , and created a cave like this .
but the language was the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn , too , so no infant can speak of nature , but we learn to do it , and of course .
that was then replaced by the ancient society and the first form of the world cup .
that was a back then , because , of course , you started the living language in the form of writing , which means which is , which is , which is , which is , which is , which is , which is , which is , which is , of course , is alive , i start , and then , and then i start to put it in stone , and then , and then , and then , and then , and then , and then , and then , i shall i , and i
depending on how i look and when i look back , of course , it 's a completely different story , as if there 's a kind of person alive .
but then , in the end , the one who drew this writing as a book of art .
then the next generation came to which we actually live in today 's most profitable .
that 's just the one with the pressure and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
at the time , it was just as much an insult where nobility , clergy and others said , " if the people start to read , then they want to talk later , and it 's totally fatal .
of course , that 's totally confusing us , because we 're looking at the one side of the new media , social media , facebook , and so on .
and these two worlds are about to bang each other , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing about it is , when you look at it , this new company , this new company , this company , this company , it 's a very many of the principles , the principles , and the most brilliant , and the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , and the most brilliant , the most brilliant , and the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , the most brilliant , and the most brilliant ,
but now not on the local level , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that the subject of the matter is a business proposition .
not when i think this place is a place where the neighbor doesn 't think it 's gonna work any more .
which means , from the local village , has actually become a village of the same principles , as well as intuitive , but also total transparency .
the way you knew back in the village , who had something to do with who and when , that 's what happens today about this expansion of our own , through this very , very , very , very ...
be it that we know global warming , and we always get better and faster .
the way it used to happen in the village .
in front of the background , i was just busy looking at it , what does it really mean , what is natural for us , what we might have forgotten , what is instinct for us , so what makes the difference ?
because a lot of people come in , they can 't make it more difficult to get everyone to handle it .
so you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change it that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
then you get busy , even during the studies , with the subject of perception and the history .
and that , of course , is something where you start to look and say , okay , now i 'm just going to look inside myself .
and what does it look like in there ?
so how do we work if we look in there ?
and what does it mean , natural , intuitive and how do our channels of perception and how does cognitive processing work ?
because steve jobs once said that you needed to dig a dig to how it works .
so you really have to look in the detail , if i want to do something constructive or intuitive , what does that mean in the core ?
and to see how we process information , how do we record information ?
what 's information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
many people use the word , but they don 't know what it means in detail .
but i need to understand at the core , in the essence , when will information become information , when will information and information be made out of information , in turn , so that i know how to make things as intuitive as possible later or natural .
and of course , of course , how does design affect perception .
so much more natural , in a vessel , but i see , in a manner of speaking , where is salt and pepper in it .
and when i tell someone , give me some salt or pepper , he 'll think about what 's inside .
and just reach intuitive on the left , and then hopefully , i hope there 's no sugar in it , just add salt .
but even our perception itself , how is she deceiving us ?
like this perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little one , although it 's not the case , but they 're just as big as it is , and yet our perception changes after what context we put things in .
anybody know what that is ?
come on .
it should still work .
it 's more like my glasses .
so it 's a circle .
a second circle is starting to look at a certain resemblance to a certain resemblance or too much .
that 's what they call " a " , or " a " a " , " which affects us in the sense of perception .
they usually have the first semester , the great college kids .
it 's a matter of time . it 's a matter of time .
often in the third , then forgotten again .
but that 's a very important part , if you want to make things as intuitive as possible .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting is the most interesting thing in the world .
it sounds very banal , but it 's exciting when you get closer to it .
so we have eyes in front , and now they think we 're looking in the back .
that 's wrong .
you 'll see from behind first .
because you have made an assumption that you will see something you recognize , the circle that you recognize .
that means we 're gonna get our first look before we see it , get it back in the back in the back of our bedroom to say , okay ,
i 've got this cognitive thing , you 've got something you want to see .
that 's there too . that 'll come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front and says , now you really want to look again and make sure that what you see is what you want to see .
and then it goes back in the back , and then it 's actually just seen .
so a very , very exciting process , how certain things are going and what kind of things happen to these things .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i just described .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
anybody see anything in particular ?
it 's a big one , right .
if i saw this once , that there 's an inside job , you know that .
you 'll never forget it , because i 'll show you where it is .
now , look at this .
and go on , now you always see him .
which means i have actually corrupted you now that you don 't recognize any of the patterns in there , but i have you , in no time , to keep seeing that dog in that smug picture .
and this is this projection of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
now i know , and now i 'm going up to the front that i 'm going to see the , uh ...
i can see the ...
all right , all very , very exciting trials , which then in this , yes , it 's not gray , but it 's just going to go according to this very , very , very sophisticated mass .
anybody know what three seconds is ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know something takes three seconds before i , in a manner of speaking , from the present , i might as well bridge some very well in which i always employ someone with three seconds .
he needs to process that as a present .
then it goes back into the past , and so , i can , for example , bypass the computer , if i know this phenomenon .
what will it take to be 25 ?
yes .
a very exciting phenomenon too .
this is the time when you fall in love .
that means , watch out , if you know that now , watch who you look at for for how long , because i don 't take credit for what can happen exactly .
and sixteen years old , a very exciting phenomenon .
this is the time period of most of the time we have .
that means this first impression will happen in a rapid speed of how we perceive things .
and as we see things that we look out for , and as we , in a way , we can , in a way , protect ourselves against our environment so that we can think this through .
of course , it is not only is the subject not only are concerned with the topic of the subject of the ... and the subject of , uh , the , uh ...
so how does a man with certain things go according to .
there are times when there are the practical functions , so so , so , so , so , so , uh , so , uh , so , uh , so , so , uh , so , so , uh , so , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's ...
i know exactly where to reach .
but there are also symbolic functions , why would someone give for such a small purse , where there 's no such thing as a fit , so much money , even though it 's not so practical ?
there we are , more like , on the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh ,
back to my actual topic of natural interface , and the subject , which , of course , is a matter of principle .
it is always said , how can i reach a certain destination as quickly as possible , or how can a nuclear reactor in a certain kind of an effective , efficient , efficient , efficient and satisfying a goal .
that 's what the norm says .
how can i do something that i can do ?
can i just do this right now or do i need a manual or i need a proper education for it .
and it 's a little less of a , uh , a little less , uh ... or , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh ...
that i only do it differently and make it more beautiful , doesn 't mean it 's better to be .
you have to understand .
although it is not only since the apple is a more powerful , a more powerful , more powerful , if i just want to harness human equipment .
why ?
because , in the rule , we are usually through this new kind of , the natural user , for example , five times faster on average our target .
you have to imagine that , if you do something of the classic , you need five hours and with this new kind of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean that you can probably go home four hours sooner , but your employer or anyone will figure out how to keep you busy with the four hours .
but i want to say that , of course , it is an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
if we go back to the part of the software , here the first command line , which were very abstract where it took months to deal with these systems .
then the next , the next , who came in with a more sophisticated model or mental model as the software have been working , you would have an idea of something , a metaphor , a metaphor to harness the computer .
so no more zeroes and a , or a code code , but a metaphor .
that 's what made the whole thing a hell of a mess , but , of course , it 's much better .
the next generation of the world 's most advanced military intelligence has been working with a lot more behavior .
so that 's when i , as a chief of staff , i was a lot more frequent the behavior than the look .
it 's also some kind of a family thing .
that all of a sudden , i see that the look of it is always more and more profitable for the success , which is about to become the most beautiful .
and then when i add one more step to this user of natural natural , where by voice , by language , by touch , by touch , by touch , by gesture , and no more running things by mouse , and then i 'm even faster .
but that also leads me to the point , from when are things actually going to go away ?
if you 're going to be a doctor and then i have to try my little friend here again and look , what does that mean , from the point of view , when is something really intuitive now ?
and this is always a little intuitive for us people when i don 't have to think about it .
so , apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he just wants to make it easy .
the less i , in a way , think about it , the less it is .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that means , if we look at that , we can use a little different from one to another , for example , the metaphor , then i can use it as a tool .
that means i can just transfer some kind of , like , some kind of , like , a , like , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
of course , the question is , of course , what is the most beautiful thing of us people and now i 've already betrayed it .
this is the so-called " the " the " a " word .
that 's what every one of us uses , and it 's an acronym , and it 's for , like , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a ,
that 's what every one of you does all the time , but he does it subconsciously , and , yeah , kind of intuitive or , in part , instinctively .
the model 's already been used in the womb , and it 's a model in the world , so it works all over the world , and is used by us all the time without most of us knowing that this model is present .
it 's about 50 to 50 , 50 or 50 times of us ever after activity , so in your sleep , you 've discovered that it will be less frequent than the day .
now , i can now just get this mental state of mind , i can brief , inform , and i can transfer it to a computer program .
and through this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the host , but now no longer a metaphor of a physical brain , but a metaphor of a brain .
and this is on a higher the grail of the earth republic than the transmission of a classic metaphor , which is the most powerful .
then i can transfer the whole thing .
i 'm gonna try it on from a computer virus .
everybody just ate cake .
now , as a matter of fact , i 'm in the middle of something with the object .
i get the full picture , i can now filter this , and i can say , just show me all the chocolate stuff , for example .
and i suddenly have an interface , which is much more sophisticated and more natural .
i want to give you a very specific aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot be learned .
that 's why everyone who is here and are curious , in fact , people who have a quality you can 't learn .
i am now talking about , basically , the whole world of the world , the end of the world , 40 years of the world , in quality .
and there 's a central point .
and it depends on phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day , they give + , they give up about two grams of phosphorus , and every day they have to take two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can 't have teeth .
you can 't save energy .
you can 't have bones .
all we could do is slip through the sea air as a little bit of water .
in fact , if we don 't take in the phosphorus and pass .
it 's so , it 's so surprising that we 're dealing with something here that would be really a family thing , but not really .
because everyone 's talking about energy , but no one 's talking about the energy problem .
it 's a lot more critical than that .
we hang from two countries .
we have only for two years of phosphorus , and by now , with the population of the world , there is much more uranium in the environment than used in all the oil fields .
only in the last 20 years , the last 20 tons of uranium has been distributed in our fields in germany .
and we 'll take it all down .
it makes leukemia with kids .
and we think we would protect the environment if we were a little less harmful .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , less energy .
that 's not protection .
it 's like if i said protect your child , just hit it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think so from the cradle to the stretcher , our whole earth will become a graveyard sooner or later .
that 's why to think of the cradle to the cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the floor first .
there 's over 60 % in the ground on the floor .
right now , we build corn and lose between 11 and 30 pounds of 30 tons per acre , or at the square feet , too .
that means we 'll lose in the ground about five thousand times more than new .
of course , we can take a look at the ...
and everything is the box or the contents .
for example , for example , there are 20 % of the time of the year 's eve diapers .
and because we get older , the diapers get bigger .
that 's them , they 're all , like , all in the world .
yeah ?
a baby needs , like , a baby 's diapers .
we could , of course , reduce that to ten percent , but what does that do ?
it will settle in china in a second .
it 's nothing .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
by the way , here 's proof that men are not pigs .
i want to tell you .
because the phosphorus will be handed over to the pigs in the thick of feces .
people over the urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because that 's what it 's all about , right ?
traditionally , we think in the art world , we are too many in the world .
and if you were the people that if you were to give it to people to exist , when they say that you were better , you wouldn 't be there , then they will become hostile and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , there 's nothing more important than to stabilize the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save the earth .
here it says , the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could also get myself , but in the united states , no one likes termites in this far , even though they 're vegetarian .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they work physically harder than we do , and because they only live three to six months , they match in their weight , in a slightly 30 billion people .
that means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can only be more powerful if you don 't exist , right ?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a floating tree before ?
yeah ?
one ?
that means our intelligence means that we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
there 's no tree .
fortunately not , yes ?
there is no water in trees .
there are still billions of trees in the forest alone .
have you ever heard of any of these trees ?
that means all of our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and where you can see , even with something like , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorus that would really have to go back to the salt mines .
and that makes us too many .
over it alone .
that means we feel so guilty on the earth that we say , there is no such thing as a " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
i 'm sure it makes sense to be less harmful to the cause of death .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our partial footprint , but it 's about having a big footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's the highest not to be there , right ?
yes ?
all you can do is have a free pass when you 're not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they would have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we 're doing farming in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
in this way , we can get the nutrients back in agriculture .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the waste from it .
in china , there 's a chamber pot called a chamber chamber pot today , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
it means that the whole western world of western europe is in the process that the city has always taken but never returned anything to the farmers .
it made the cities grow more and more and more because the farmers went into the cities and the cities had to keep getting their nutrients .
that 's why all the western rich are always expanding until they can no longer make the infrastructure , and then they 'll be more powerful .
yeah ?
it was different in china .
you 've been able to create a civilization for over five thousand years because you were always able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , you 're expected to stay in china until you go to the toilet .
because it 's rude to go and bring the nutrients .
she was invited to dinner , not to the dinner table .
that means you can see on the internet how to get the nutrients back .
and the great thing about it is that the crime rate in the drug industry is going back over 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , not be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
this is , of course , highly sophisticated , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they are so designed by the design that a farmer can simply design them .
so that means that 's what 's going to bring back the security guards .
and none of these facilities , we have now built over the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw in a gallon of water and then the facility would be ruined for years .
it won 't happen .
that means we don 't have to control people , to be as little bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we have to get some phosphorus back .
and by the way , if you want to do something about it , write yourself up , in germany , the best fit for all of the world 's in frankfurt .
i 'm afraid they don 't go to the police station , but maybe you can help the chief a little bit .
because the frankfurt plant could best regain the phosphorus .
and he has to go back .
we can see that the phosphorus is really critical .
and we can see that it can be done .
we 've been in holland for over three years now .
the dutch government has declared that you will be the first country in the world , which will cause phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
you see , there are two countries that control almost 70 % of the world 's population .
there 's a whole bunch of them .
these are countries that control 40 % of the population .
and the oil we will be able to replace it with other oil .
but you can 't replace the phosphorus .
that 's why it 's not about making the existing a little less bad , but it 's about doing something right .
and is especially to ask what 's right .
that means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it 's easier to understand because in holland , the land is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you upset her , and you come with 50 roses .
completely inefficient .
but quite effective , yes ?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six or three kilos during her life .
in .
that 's not scientifically not exactly accurate , because we don 't know how much is going to happen .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but quite effective , yes ?
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
that 's why it 's not too much , it 's efficiency .
to ask , what is the right thing ?
no , not to burn a little better to burn a little better than to burn it with it , and to lose all the materials in the oil industry , to ask first how to close ?
imagine mozart efficient .
yeah ?
when i ask her out for dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill with a glass of water .
wonderful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means , all that matters in life is not to save to avoid reducing .
the whole thing .
we tell the people , oh , yeah , you don 't have a family tree in the south .
no , throwing away is just the right thing to do , right ?
in every place where you throw away , from , yes , you can make it back .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away all the wrong things , you have a family problem .
as we think from the north .
that 's where every footprint is .
if you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the floor .
because the ground is about to die , the moose will die and the wind and the water will wash the ground away .
but if you are in italy , every footprint means that the water is longer in the meadow .
so , it 's about creating a big footprint that 's going to be a big one .
don 't look .
we say in germany sustainability .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you with your wife ?
then what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say my condolences .
that 's the minimum .
so don 't save , pass , avoid .
every garbage is a waste .
and it 's a pleasure to see you in italy , as the people in the high bow , throw out some kind of , like , a ...
because , you know , this is an elaborate process .
it 's a kind of a form of , you know ?
you can show i was there .
but with the right design , please .
we , for example , have developed a brain function , which is a liquid in the brain .
they can throw away where they go and stand .
in two hours , she 's building up everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that they can contribute through the throwing away to the earth .
that means we 're useful , not less harmful .
so , there are two of them .
i don 't want everything to be more natural .
a tv or a washing machine , they only use it , they don 't use it .
it 's just the things that , you know , the things that go around , like car tires , like tires , they have to be so they go into biological systems .
the things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we only talk about the biological systems .
yeah ?
for example , for example , for example , the , uh ...
very direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company make these products successful .
because we don 't we don 't do things free anymore .
yeah ?
so , when i invite you out to dinner and say this is free of chicken , it won 't help you .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
positive .
so it 's not like it 's like it 's not like it 's a big deal .
not poisonous in it .
but everything in it is useful .
these are the first shoes that you can put on the back of the bathroom floor with , and the rubber can go in biological , right ?
all of it is highly irregular .
and if we succeed , of course , we can do it for the free , for nike , for and for mauritz and mauritz and mauritz and all of the film .
and that 's half of all the world 's most powerful in the world that are caused by the nuclear power .
that 's why you help with that , ask people .
hey , puma , are you really serious ?
because they 've already changed the power line twice .
and i 'm not so sure if she really is .
so , give me a hand with this .
but i can .
yeah .
the one that was just portrayed .
i can do that .
we can do things now so that when they break , when they break , they can break into biological cells .
there are the same technical types .
there 's this one for this one that 's got a very , very , very ...
this is the first backpack , actually made to go back into the cycle .
even that , so in any store , you can get things back .
if you come to this , yes ?
remember that diaper ?
if right now , the garbage is garbage .
there are these diapers everywhere , almost .
in the countries where people come to money .
right up there on the top of the tree , but in the landscape , right ?
yeah ?
alone , if you take this diaper , take it away , sterilize , and take the powder to plant trees .
with this , the baby is all for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't need to be more careful , we can be more flexible .
it 's a sort of a sort of a sort of , uh , a sort of , uh , a ...
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
meanwhile , a lot of people are working there , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go to , you know , where everyone can join .
so no more saving , no more , no more avoiding , reducing , no more , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the chief of staff .
music as a language .
in the description of my speech , it is written that i , as a translator , myself as a translator , so in english , i see .
i 'm a translator of the most important notes in the music of the music .
to translate from the german to the english , can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it is strange , but it is strange for the people we musicians do with our business .
i 'm the first to be the first to have the highest grades .
i 'm sure you think that the composer has put everything in the notes that he has imagined .
in reality , the grades are very vague and inaccurate .
these grades are about as accurate or inaccurate , like a verbal , if also , apparently , very accurate description , a landscape .
the smell of the flowers is not to be the smell of the smell of the smell of the wind , to only know the air of the wind , not to feel the wind .
that means , the chief of staff has to translate this information from the government to another , which is , in fact , a very specific , very specific , very , very specific , very , very specific , very , very specific , very specific , very specific , very specific , very specific , very specific .
today , i would like to translate to you what i normally translate in musical , so to speak again to a verbal language .
so practically a translation of the translation .
that 's why i prefer to do the whole thing in german because if i had to translate it to the english once more , it would be the same with the translation of the translation .
so , the music works for me as much as the language .
it is also the function of the written letters .
so it 's not enough to learn only to read notes and to press the appropriate buttons on the piano or the right place on a tv show .
that would only be the letters you learned to paint .
you can 't see the meaning of the letters until you can learn the language .
therefore , it is necessary for the music of the music , for at least as long as it takes to speak the language .
then there is also a question of whether you learn to be passive , only understand , or you can speak freely , to the musical .
the work of the dragon clan is beginning to look like the work of a man who 's been working .
after you first picked a play to play , because you 're excited about it , you start to study for the creation of the composition .
you pick up information about the piece in the back pocket .
you read in the letters , letters , notes , or words , thoughts of the composer itself .
you study the works he wrote before and after .
you make a comparison .
the reason to write it .
how and what did he feel ?
how were his business trips , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested in all this .
you think in that time you think yourself into it by , for example , looking at pictures or reading literature .
in time , you also have an empire of knowledge of the composer you play more often , and it always makes you feel easier to look inside and feel .
the composer becomes more and more of a friend to live with .
his request to write the play will become more and more and more to my personal business to play it .
now that the notes are all other than an accurate record of the composer , but only a scaffolding , i now turn on this scaffolding to restore it with meaning and meaning .
i 'll say with my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing games , which could mean those sounds .
now for me and for the composer back then and what you could mean to him now .
every sound , every phrase , every phrase gets a sense of it because i feel it myself because it comes from my now it comes out personally .
it must be for me in here , and now i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's always a very happy concert again , if i may have the experience , the piece that i have worked so long in advance to experience how new .
how to relive a happy new day over and over again with the same rituals of life , get up , have breakfast , go to work , so i can always relive the same play .
i 've grown a day older again , change the seasons , my pulse goes slower in the evening than in the morning , and it takes longer for the sound to come back home .
i take the people 's breathing true , conscious or unconscious .
all that affects me and all that affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , too , when i 'm standing on the stage with a tv star and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , quiet conversation .
you bring in a new idea , and at once , this one will be answered with a reaction .
it 's exciting , because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and what we can 't rehearse .
it 's great fun to make music that way , and you , as the audience , have experienced the way the music communicate alive .
every concert is a different concert .
i will never play like i did at this moment .
i can 't play like in 20 years .
i will have more life experience than i am today , and therefore , on my side of the earth , i will have much more experience of emotion and emotions than today .
sure , then i 'll have thrown out a couple of college kids , too , but for that , i 'll have a new set .
have a nice , concrete example .
it was on a special assignment for a student at my beloved old teacher professor , professor jrgen , a known , a renowned and respected professor of the arts school in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was much too young , so that he was already a graduate student when i finally started studying .
but i was very lucky to meet him very early , with 13 years , and so i was at my high school in his classes .
i was 17 back then when i was back on one of his classes , and i played the last of the four of the four of chopin 's four favorite games , one of them .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was for me .
this is such a delicate part .
and i said , in my book , i said , anticipation .
that 's when he said , " so ? "
that must be the age difference .
for me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
well , when you 're seventeen , you have dreams , but no significant memories .
i play the play again every couple of years today , and it 's always turned to me , although no one has changed a single note .
every time it 's exciting , because i keep reading something new .
a example of that from a very different area .
it 's always the same garden , but at different times of the day , by the light of light .
he has translated the most extraordinary of the film , the way he saw you , the way you looked at him at that moment .
it 's his personal favorite of the world .
it 's the most beautiful interpretation of a man 's life .
in the meantime , i 'm older than chopin with the age of 1 , when he wrote the play .
he only lived for more than a year .
and it 's important to me to keep looking at the notes , even though i mean , to be able to memorize them .
in order to keep a low profile with the composer .
because the grades are the only link to him directly .
especially when he 's already dead .
well , how do you begin to speak the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as it takes to speak the language .
sometimes the music music music is like learning to read the grades .
you practically learn to read first , before you just say one word .
you learn to find the sound of the notes on the instrument .
if all fingers in time and right as it is in the notes , then sounds come out that sound like music together .
if this is done correctly , the student gets the most beautiful piece .
there is little talk about interpretation in the history book .
all right , well , that 's it . it 's a quick play .
easy , easy .
loud and loud and clear , f and b , et cetera .
most people know this .
but even if you put that information out , it still remains a little technical .
and yet it is still no interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder how often you forget something a little bit more profound .
because that , to make music on the instrument , to do your own musical , should feel there before .
because the singing .
a child who didn 't learn to sing because the parents weren 't pretending , it won 't do itself .
it 's just like when we were at the dance .
it is necessary to have his own experience and the idea of music , then to bring it over another possibility , so to make it sound like an instrument .
people who have never sung have never felt directly with their own body as it is to form a sound .
to make a phrase with his own breath .
it 's because the blood is the extension of our body .
our vocal cords to sing , our hands and feet to dance .
that 's how the piano music is the sequel to my fingers .
the melody is coming from the sound and the rhythm of the dance .
it 's not like that .
you don 't have to make music for yourself when it gets boring .
no need to whistle a song or sing .
every one of your own music gets knocked down every time you get sucked off the outside with music .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do if i can 't sing ?
i ask , can you not sing , a , because you don 't think you can sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
with both , it 's not too late to start to figure out if you can 't , or learn how to learn how to use those little muscles that adjust the vocal chords correctly .
you can train that .
or c , because you were told you were unfit .
i wonder , how was this diagnosis ?
have you already taken a " a " or a " a " or " a " , " as they say these days ?
or d , you don 't like music and you don 't want to have anything to do with it .
what i would regret , then , because music is a beautiful , beautiful thing .
but maybe you can change your mind .
well , you see , in any case , no one has to be a more qualified candidate .
but don 't tell me i don 't understand the classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i answer that , but surely you can tell if you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone says i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
well , you don 't give up on food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to give up classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me if you like it or not .
whether the music is too much for you or too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , they also get demands , and they want to add a little more spices or taste even fine differences .
why am i now asking from my audience that it is also listening ?
because the music is a language and a language is there to communicate .
a work of art that you never look at has no power to work .
the food that was cooked by a cook or a cook , must be eaten and not just looked at or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when a music is played .
she 's not just a nice little girl .
when in an environment where the adults do music , or at least listen to active music , a child grow up , it 's easy for a music teacher , what color is your flower ?
can you play it in blue now ?
and the child plays , after a flower , instead of a red , a blue flower .
and this sounds different than before .
that was then the first beginning of a musical first .
so the first step to an interpretation .
and what happens when you play a play today that was originally written a hundred , 200 or 300 years ago ?
by now , the instruments have changed .
there was no piano at the time , as an instrument .
it just wasn 't invented yet .
i think that the bach would have been thrilled if he had had the most extraordinary opportunities of today 's modern war .
i can today make the sound of the sound of the water that the stream has had on the modern wing , which can 't be made to sound the most beautiful thing .
even beethoven , you know he heard more than he had already been deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play anything that an orchestra from back then turned down to be a musical instrument .
that 's why the composers are dependent on us to create new pieces .
so that they will become the things they have imagined in mind .
and also what you would think in spirit today .
or what i was thinking today because what you might have been thinking .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shit .
i 've got a friend who drives a car .
when i come along , with my little v , and if i miss , that feeling will come up .
something shoots through my head .
i say , ulf , what do you need a big car for ?
it 's lost half of its value in the first year .
and at all , you work much less than i do .
why do i have to afford a little car like that ?
and then i 'll think of it immediately , it 's unfair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , that unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great method to make such unpleasant feelings as envy simply disappear .
you can try that with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i would like to explain something to you with this mechanism today , or something that you are most likely familiar with .
the mechanism is from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you may have heard when people say no one has the intention to build a wall .
and then i put stones in it so he can block your view .
on such a lie you see that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to make sure that he has something else in mind .
he 's just faking you and not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you deceiving yourself .
you need that lie to keep a secret service to keep a secret service .
they can take them less easily , yes , check them out or even crash them .
you need time .
from this time , an anecdote you may know .
the spanish painter , pablo pablo picasso , once a woman .
this woman complained later that the portrait would not look like her .
picasso answers , just wait .
it 's always more like you .
at this point , and when they laugh , they realize how important this lie is and how much time they need to know something that artists can very well share .
because artists have a profound relationship to lie .
the artist will share something with you and especially this lady , which she can 't see if she just looks in the mirror .
the artist will share something with you in such a portrait with which you will not be trusted until you look at this work of art over and over again .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you at all , and it will always be more like you .
here , you have this mechanism , which we can use the lie as a great invention for the sake of our founding fathers .
and not only in the art of art , even in the history of the mythology , in stories it comes back .
you may know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him who 's the most beautiful in the whole country ?
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a better one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror cannot lie from this true information .
but we should just let ourselves be trusted to not tell a woman there 's a better somewhere else .
this is where it is necessary to put what we understand under the influence of the law , to put it back on .
we need at this point , this lie that gives us the illusion that we cannot live without .
we have not only in the art of art , in the arts , but in science such great lies .
and there is this story about the bishop 's wife of the bishop of ...
she heard of this book by charles darwin , the creation of the species and of man .
that the man of the monkey should be driven away and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor between humans and apes .
and then she ran to her husband , and she said it was not true what charles wrote .
i hear that man has come from the monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , i can 't .
and if it is true , then we must prevent people from knowing about it .
why do we have to prevent people from knowing something when it 's true ?
because we can 't live without those , we can 't .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we must prevent people from knowing things , especially when they are true .
so that you can see how slowly this mechanism will dissolve and look like the tracks he leaves behind , which will lead to something other than this great picture of ourselves , i want to give you another story .
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
he 's a trained student .
she likes him especially because he has a tendency for sincerity .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and there he says , well , i 'm with the fire department .
and because i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
yeah , you can feel it when you 're cheerful in this spot .
i told my wife , every time a man in a moral justification uses the word because , we should try to replace it with words .
do that once and then you 'll know the sentence .
even though i 'm with the fire department , i 'm interested in more important things .
you feel this is the real truth behind information .
a little boy like that , he doesn 't care about the baby .
he 's interested in the art department .
but there are no clubs we can look for where you learn how to make fire .
there 's only the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he signed up .
you don 't tell your teacher you like to lay fires somewhere and be happy when the fire comes later .
no , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of cleaning up the dangers that others can 't make until they start firing .
here you have this little mechanism .
this note on the note that inside the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but that he can 't say that out loud .
that 's how the words we use in the language of the politically correct and politically correct .
actually , we know something else is the case .
but we know when we say that , social conditions are very sensitive .
we can 't just do this .
it is impossible to present such things in a society that should work to present .
i now want to tell you what we found out at my institute .
by what logic of this deception , this delusion , the willingness , a different reality other than the one we already know in the main event that it is valid to spread out .
i want to present you two , maybe three examples of this .
the first example of what many of you know , and some of you value , very few of you don 't need at all .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is such a spiritual thing , says , " like , " a " .
and from this soul , you now think that in some way , in this nature of nature , in this unnatural nature , it is called in the latin , which is a gift .
and if this demon man is then he is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , with soul .
and then he can just run away .
this is the idea of how the soul works .
so i want her to go from the outside to man .
so we shall perceive them as something that should be present for our lives .
and if you have that condition in front of your eyes , then you understand the logic of which we experience this happiness through a lie that can improve our world .
because now , you can use a free pass .
you still know about the school .
now , this is now a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very good .
this is the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
here you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
because to lie so that you can simply fake that logic .
there are three sentences in this room .
the first sentence is , klaus claims there is no soul .
the second sentence is if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third sentence .
i put it here especially .
a third sentence that shows up with people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say who has no soul , who is dead and can say nothing .
and here you can feel it .
here comes this logic in this , yes , in this very , very , very ...
you see it now .
the first two sets , they are logical .
i can say anything .
logic makes no statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm not right , the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what goes .
i can say anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , it 's true .
so if klaus says there is no soul .
second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
these things are logical .
and now , our conscious mind feels right now , that 's what you can do .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and who pretends to be the opposite of the first sentence proved and provided .
because in fact , we would have to prove whether there is the soul or not .
but with that logic that it simply uses , that two sentences are logical , and a third amendment that looks like he 's got something to do with it , so we can save our family .
so , we pretend it 's impossible to live without a soul .
and we are very happy about it .
we can carry on with these things on different forms .
in the present , in the present , we have a very modern example that keeps filling up the water supply .
you will have to hold on to a more pressing subject , a philosophy of philosophy .
this has to do with us going back to the ' 70s .
there was a learned man named the name of a man named johannes , and after that , he was named the most stubborn donkey .
the ignorant donkey is a donkey of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's such a ...
and if you place the exact one in the middle of the middle between the two of you , he 'll starve to death .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go to first .
so he 's right in the middle .
that 's the way they 're introduced .
the forces of the most powerful , the most powerful of the world , are to solve each other .
nothing happens .
only if you make another example , so if she makes a haystack bigger right now , then he doesn 't need reason or anything .
automatically , he 's running for the right thought .
if you have this idea that in nature , you will somehow be driven by nature , by the bigger bunch of people who dress you immediately , you will feel that there must be such a free will .
and if we 're even here in frankfurt on the main , i 'll remind you of the most beautiful thing in the world .
there is a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes he is said wolf singer , wolf singer claims there is no such thing .
now we can rebuild the second sentence , and we can say if wolf singer is right , then he doesn 't have any .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read almost every day in the daily newspaper , you will find in that third sentence .
he looks like the kind of guy who doesn 't have an identity crisis can 't be held responsible for his actions and claims , and therefore , he is insane .
here you have it again .
in fact , you 'd have to prove to me if there 's such a thing as a ...
but the logic of deception allows us to act as if the first sentence was wrong in the first place , as if , of course , to accept the opposite without proof .
and now you can just , if you want to do something for yourself , if you want to test something for yourself and especially if you want to make people happy , practice that courage to lie .
practice this , for example , if you ever meet a person you can tell , there 's no such thing .
and , please , do not use the german word for " the " " the " prophet " .
you can 't call it that , that would be a little political .
tell me , there 's no such thing as a ...
at this moment , they will be one who , of course , will find out that you can 't prove that .
and you already have a problem .
because while you 're busy trying to make it clear that you can 't prove that there is no such thing as the man is very happy .
he 's very happy because he fooled you .
because he led them on a trail he doesn 't even stop himself .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence at all .
he 's only interested in keeping himself safe from the need to prove that there are some kind of animal attacks .
so , in the way of the shifting of the time period , you will experience the death of the lie .
and once again , if you have a chance to feel this way with other people , do it , because you will make others happy , if you do not remind them of your favorite .
thank you for your attention .
hello .
i allowed myself to ask lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the most beautiful people here from this great event , and she asked me if i wanted to give a lecture here and give out my idea .
i have to tell you the truth , you 've got it , i was having a hard time talking about my idea at first .
and may i perhaps present my master plan that i try to introduce you .
but , of course , it is the sum of all , many ideas .
and then it took me to berlin in the middle of the ' 80s , because i was trying to make some more powerful energy , and that 's not what it was .
that 's where they had the most beautiful christmas trees .
they used to be called all the family names , and they also called the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " they " they " they " were "
they 're called the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " " " " the " " " " " " " " " the " " the " " " " " " the " the " " " " " " " " " the " the " the " the " the " " " " " " " " " " " "
because a good engineer either built a great car , or he built it .
but it 's just as stupid as some kind of , like , a hundred watts from the square of the square , that was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird , weird .
i am grateful to the council that he has restored the word again because after the war , you were not allowed to use the word because everything on the left was bad .
but it wasn 't like that in the ' 80s .
there was a time when there was a time when there was a time when one of them was just sitting in the middle of the night , where they suspected evil .
the location of the emergency room , but it was called " the " the " and " i " d " and then i started in the middle of the night .
and yes , a lot of what was said today touched me very much because many , many , many , many , many beautiful words i have lived through .
i 've worked in the collective for 11 years , that was a waste of time .
we were 20 people .
it 's got some bullshit on it .
and then i stood it up until i was with my friends , and then i became a company member of the company , who then became one of the world 's most powerful family .
and that 's when i brought you a project i want you to meet .
and the title of the title was , yes , how to come to a hundred percent of it .
and we 've just just started asking with a relatively straightforward story , where could a memory be useful today ?
on this island , this is the island of lockerbie .
yeah , that 's the data .
there are four and a half thousand people .
they have a 1 5 % 1 5 % of the day .
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
it just can 't be done .
if they make more mistakes , the system starts to fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
but not true , we have seven percent in europe and our net is physically the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems the people on this island have .
the question was simple , if that 's what counts , the first contacts started with the island , just think about it .
how big would it have to be to be a battery so that you can bring an island like this on 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe even 70 % of the time .
and yes , i 'm going to take another slide .
the conventional system is all over the world .
by the way , by the way , a hundred and a year , a hundred and a half of the electrical power on the world 's most powerful nuclear power .
that 's what it 's like to do the work of a hundred people , because it goes very fast everywhere .
the world 's most wanted , the world 's most wanted is to be wiped out with diesel because you don 't need permission .
that 's fast .
you put a box there .
and then it usually looks that way .
there are always three of them lost , two always waiting .
yeah , that 's the way it looks down there .
we also got very specific data .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the
our goal was to just say , okay ,
the diesel will be crushed and the wind , the sun will serve the burden so that you can make the bigger cut .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % of renewable energy , so energy a year , not the performance at the moment , then you have to turn off the diesel .
that means at that moment , you need to make sure that the renewable energies can somehow take over the entire network .
of course , you can only , if you will be brought here in some way .
no one has ever done that in the world .
there 's this in the little style , so you can also use your razor in the car over a little plastic surgeon .
people are always asking me , what are you guys really doing there ?
that 's all right .
but if you want to make several of these , uh , some of these , uh , some of these , uh , some of these , uh , some of these , uh , some of these , uh , uh , some of these , uh , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , some of these , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
this is definitely gonna be a ... it 's gonna be a , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , power to gas , or ... it will be .
well , you 'll have to go to a police station , and then you 'll have to go up on a business trip , and you 'll have to make up for it .
we just wanted to know what happened to a regular , regular battery .
how far do you get ?
and then they did a lot of simulations .
those were the first initial calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
it 's great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average , if the average man gets up five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the drug dealers .
what would everything have to be done ?
i 've been dealing with investors , i 've been looking for new business associates .
we were only five people back then to rebuild one around society .
and here 's the presentation .
the brown is sort of the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system also has a power source is that we 're still doing 20 % of diesel fuel and we can 't even break through the other stuff .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the
we also want to support , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that is why we have decided to build a hall in berlin where we can , in a manner of speaking , the electrical conditions of the island on the scale of one to three .
that means we were looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here she is .
it comes from asia in the fall of japan .
and in the years of the year , she was developed at the bbc of mannheim , today , and then she was turned into the japanese .
you can see it 's a very , very large battery .
she has a steady performance and can do that for six hours , and that 's the battery that we have , in a manner of speaking , have been able to get out .
and then they set it up .
over here , we 're gonna simulate the whole thing , the power of the cable , so to speak , we 're gonna use the power grid .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also put two two hundred square feet on the net .
here we see this again , here we see the diesel again , here we see the whole , every one of them .
and what we 've been doing , since then , the hall has been finished , until today , everything that has been practically everything between the single system of electronics to develop software , we did .
so , we are not a government agency , but we define ourselves as a company that is between the battery and the subject of the net and everything in between .
you have to communicate to the battery , of course , you have to be able to communicate to the net , and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is on the subject that , in fact , on this island , everything on this island today can be the most profitable of problems that we will get if we want to increase our share of the profits .
so , this whole discussion , how is at the moment , in the moment , is going to go , on the island , for example , for 25 to 30 % , so we have the wind and the sun .
i 'll give you an offer .
all right , all right , all right .
we can start working on the island with a way to blend in with a group of people who can manage the burden .
that means , when you 're at 70 % of the time , you can 't do that without memory .
you can go through a window , you can pass through the nets , yes , you should , in any case , hear the cut , but you 'll never be able to give up on memory .
and that 's the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at this because you can see what problems you get .
when we shut down the diesel , you just don 't have the most powerful mass that causes certain inertia in the net .
and , in the end , we have our most powerful , most powerful , most of the most powerful mass of the world , where the wave is always about all over europe .
we look into this net , we see the 50 hertz , and if it 's going to be , like , nine hertz , we 'll catch up with a couple of little steam pipes , then we 'll get back up .
that 's the system .
and of course , it 's incredibly slow .
if you put this somewhere , it 'll take a while .
at least ten seconds to keep the net stable .
and in time , you can react differently .
if you don 't have that any more , you 'll have to replace it with the , uh , the , uh ...
and we can use this big battery to kill two of our own .
then you can see what an enormous amount of energy there is .
and the message is now , we have to dispense with these , uh , the , uh ... if we , in a manner of speaking , our goal is 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 30 percent , and so on and so on , if we want to achieve that ,
then we 'll have to take down our most effective weapons in the net .
it 's just that the power plant is running to keep the frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a job at the moment , because we don 't usually have one or two because we can 't .
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can take down the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
fortunately , there are a lot of studies now .
and for that purpose , people will always come and look at our favorite food on the , like , our favorite .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can you put a piece of the future there ?
and a lot of discussions i 've had over the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had in the last 30 years to discuss .
i can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's bullshit , we 've been expecting everything , never counting .
we 've got 30 of the most beautiful in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i just assume that in the next 30 years , we will have the same capacity for saving the entire world .
simple as that , it will come .
there 's gonna be a whole lot of war and fighting .
the beauty of it is that i , in the past two years , have experienced that the scientists are on my side .
we 've been getting over ten million dollar bills by now , and we 've also got to put a bomb on the german net .
this will take place next april .
so from that point on , you can also see that there is a change there , and only from this point to yes , to the idea of a hundred percent , yes .
and if you have a hundred percent power , it 's like a system that 's like a system .
so far , in discussions , in the matter of discussion , they have a little net of their own , and that has nothing to do with our network .
the question is very simple , if you make yourself completely independent of any fossil or fossil fuels that will be transported somewhere in the world and taken to you , you are an island .
then they only consume what is left of the sun and wind where they live .
and this is a little bit of our vision of a more sophisticated energy supply , and i 'm also grateful that you have said , use a little more power .
and that is what we do , and in that way , is also the lecture of the most powerful , that you can be a collective again and again , use a little something here .
and yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a vision .
and you have to be really tough , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , head of the los angeles times , one day walking through the streets in the center of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , an african-american , kind , rough , homeless , who played on a violin that only had two strings left .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless homeless man on the streets of los angeles .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 , two years ago , at walt disney hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth , and he came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
we came to talk music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying that nathaniel was more interested in me for a few days .
i still have to mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he had already been treated with electric shocks and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and in a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played the first set of beethoven 's favorite words .
and while i was playing , i noticed that there was a complete change in my eyes .
it was as if he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
in a calm curiosity and grace .
and as by a miracle , he took his violin and began to play a few of the articles of the arts and then asked me to finish playing it :
then we started talking about music , started talking about bach about beethoven , brahms , brahms , and all the other " b " and all the other " b " and " b " b " , " from " to " to " go "
and i realized that not only did he not only had a knowledge of music , but he also had a close personal relationship with her .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding that i only know of my colleagues in los angeles .
by playing music and talking about music , he was from this paranoid , confused man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles , a lovable , educated , trained musician in juilliard .
music is medicine , music changes us .
for nathaniel , music means spiritual health .
because the music allows him to , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity into something real .
and that 's how he used to make his most beautiful , beautiful , little ...
i understood that this is the essence of art .
this is exactly why we make music so that we can form something that is inside of all of us , deep inside , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our reality .
and the reality of the reality of this is that we are all , and moved , inspired , and united .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the most powerful force of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who recognized his talent and respected him .
and i will go over and over and over and over and over again with nathaniel , whether at the walt disney hall , or in a row , because he reminds me of why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta , i would like to play something that i have stolen from the south tower .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
so i 've known many fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , it was a nice fish , it was a nice , it was a good texture , it was a , it was a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was bred in the field after the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so i guess you could feel like selling it .
i had a relationship with this beauty over several months .
one day , the boss of the company called and asked if i could recite at an event about the sustainability of the farm .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here who tried to solve what this incredible problem has become to our cooks .
in the last 50 years , we have fished the seas as we have beaten the forests bald .
it 's hard to control the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the one we love , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
there 's almost nothing left .
so , i guess it 'll probably be a part of our future .
a lot of arguments against it , but the environment , most of them , and they are inefficient , we take tuna , a great disadvantage .
he has a 15 to 1 .
that means that 15 pounds of gold is necessary to get a pound of gold .
not very sustainable .
doesn 't taste very good either .
so here was finally a company that tried to do it right .
i wanted to support you .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to have the facts right , you are famous for growing so far out in the sea that you do not defile the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said , " we are so far out that the garbage is being distributed by our fish is not focused . "
and then he added , " we are basically a world of our own .
he said , " that 's what he said .
" the best in the business . "
- yeah .
what are you feeding ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great " , i said .
and that night , i was in bed , and i thought , " what the hell is a frozen protein ? "
so i called the next day just before the event , don .
i said , " don , what are sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with a couple of people at the company , and no one was able to give me a proper answer until i finally got off the phone with the chief resident .
let 's call him don , too .
" don , " i said , " like , what are sustainable proteins ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some of the sea lions , and then he said ,
i said , " what ? "
he said , " yes , feathers , skin , skin , dried , dried and processed into food . "
i said , " how many percent of your favorite is chicken ? "
in the assumption that maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what is sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting away from this fish .
no , not , not because i 'm a ... i 'm a ...
i am .
no , no , i actually got off that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish is a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish , you love the fish more .
i ate it first at a restaurant in a restaurant in the ' 80s .
a freelance journalist had been talking about this fish for a long time .
she sort of set us up .
he came to the table with a bright , white color .
the cook had him ready .
hold twice .
surprisingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's turned out ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
actually , his name is miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least in the way you and i understand underneath .
he 's a biologist at veta la reynie .
this is a special mission in the southwest corner of spain .
she 's close to the river 's muzzle .
the farm was in the hands of the farmers .
they were in the middle of what they were , in the bottom of it .
they did it by running the country .
they built this complicated episode of channels , and they pushed water out of the country and out into the river .
well , you couldn 't make it work , not economic .
and it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which are many birds in this place .
and so in 1982 , in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land of the country .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally cut the lever .
instead of the water , they used the channels to restore the water .
they cut the channels .
they have created a 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 000 acres of
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they stare out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all they see are wireless channels , and this dense , dense march .
i was there a long time ago with miguel .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and a part of a crocodile kissing .
there we were , and we fought through the walls , and i sweat and i sweat , i have mud to my knees , and miguel is in peace .
this is where he picks up a rare flower tree .
now , he 's now talking about the most beautiful of the world 's largest .
and here , here , here he sees a pattern of concentration that reminds him of the purple giraffe .
it turns out that miguel spent the biggest part of his career in the north american national park in africa .
i asked him how he turned into such a ...
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert in relationships . "
and then he goes and falls into more talk of rare birds and algae , and strange sea animals .
and don 't take this the wrong way , that was really fascinating , you know , the most beautiful community , kind of .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head was weak over this ... this , uh , delicious piece of delicious chocolate cake that i had on the eve .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed at the algae .
" i know , boy , the algae , the algae , the ...
but what do your fish eat ?
" how is the ... "
well , he 's continuing to tell me that it 's such a sophisticated system that the fish eat what they would eat in the wild .
it 's what the fish feed .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely unstable .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed their animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a police officer would have asked for a job interview .
and we bow around the corner , and the most incredible sight of us , thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands and thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
" you 're the one who 's the one who 's the one . "
i was completely confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't you eat your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we lose 20 % of our fish and fish to the birds .
well , last year , there were 600,000 birds on this property , over 250 different species .
it has now become the greatest and one of the most important private contractors in all of europe .
i said , " miguel , is a good , uh , " not the last thing you want to have on a tv show ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we 're building up the main building , not intense .
this is a wireless network .
they eat the shrimp .
they eat the shrimp .
so the more the stomach the better the system . "
okay , let 's think this over , a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your robbers .
it 's a private party , but it 's also a family thing .
oh , and , by the way , i don 't even think that these , you know , the , uh ...
they 're breeding in a town of 240 miles away , where the water supply is better for the water supply .
every morning they fly 240 miles to the farm .
and every night they fly back 240 miles .
you 're doing this because you can follow the south side of the road .
seriously .
i had imagined some kind of journey of the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 240 miles to the farm and then you go back 240 miles a night ?
do you do this for the children ? "
he looked at me like i just quoted a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you do that because the food is better . "
i didn 't mention the skin of my beloved , who was delicious , and i don 't like the , i don 't like it .
it 's this , uh ... it 's this , uh ... it 's this , uh ... it 's this , uh ... it 's this , uh ... it 's this ... it 's this , uh ...
i almost never cook with it .
and yet , when i tried her in this restaurant in the ' 80s , she didn 't even taste like chicken soup .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel , and he was in love .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
she 's the last defense before something enters the body .
" she has evolved in the course of evolution in order to make the most of it . "
and then he added , " but our water doesn 't have water . "
a farm that doesn 't feed their fish , a farm that measures their success at the success of their robbers .
and then i realized , when he said , a farm that doesn 't have a farm that doesn 't have a water , because the water that flows through this farm comes in from the river .
it 's a river that leads all the things that rivers nowadays tend to lead them with , chemical waste disposal , drain of water .
and if it fought through the system , and that leaves the water cleaner than it came in .
the system is so healthy , it cleans the water .
because when the water comes down , it sinks in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and that 's what you should do , because this love story , however romantic , is also instructive .
you could say she 's a recipe for the future is good food , whether we 're talking about the sea bass or sea bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , of one that actually tastes good in food .
but for a lot of people , it 's a little too radical .
we are not lovers .
we 're in love with little , we 're talking about local food , we eat organic .
and if you say that these are the things that assure the future of good food , is someone standing up somewhere saying , " hey , guys , i love pink , but how are you gonna feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we produce enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people will be starving today .
a billion , that 's more than ever , because of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , a billion , that 's more than ever , because of the , uh , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long way to go .
well , i don 't like that question , because she has determined the logic of our master for the last 50 years .
feed the grain to the grain of grain of wheat , and the grain of wheat , and all the time , when we feed more people , how terrible can that be ?
that was the reason , it was the justification it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call her what she is , a trade in industry , a trade that eats quickly the capital that allows the production .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not agriculture .
we are now under threat to our power supply today , not due to increased supply , but due to limited resources ,
not through the latest oil fields and water , but by the most sophisticated land , not by pumping , but by fresh water , not by water , but through the forests , and not through the nets , but through the sea .
you want to feed the world ?
how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that every community can support themselves ?
in order to do that , don 't look at the future for the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machines are in it , and it has never produced anything really good to eat .
instead , let 's take a look at the model .
that 's the one that 's been going on for two billion years .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
companies that are not worlds for themselves , companies that are not to restore , rather than to grow , instead of just animals , farmers , who are not only the only people who are not only a parent , but for experts ,
because they are those who are also experts for taste .
and if i 'm really honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , i 'm right , because if this is the future of good food , it 'll be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're looking at here is a typical military order after age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it 's called " brain freeze " , and what i can do with brain surgery is that after a certain cause of death , we say accidents .
and right now , i see a different pattern that makes up .
and that 's ' cause the people here are the most beautiful in the world , and they are over here at the most .
we can walk one step further out and then restore the data , and we can see that cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
now , if we move on now and sort out after age , say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the main cause of death that people should be worried about .
and if you can see that this is especially true to men .
so you do realize that the look of information and data in this way is very much reminded of swimming in a living pool .
and if we can do this for a family , why can 't we also do it for content ourselves ?
what we have here now are the most of every single sports illustrated ever printed .
it 's all here .
you 're welcome to test it for my lecture in your rooms .
you can dive into a decade with a sea lion .
you can dive into a certain year .
you can jump directly to a specific issue .
when i look here now , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and the sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i came here to show all the expenses where lance armstrong is mentioned .
now , if i just want to get a more accurate look , i could think , " okay , what if i look at everything with the theme riding ? "
so i 'm going back one step back and i 'm going to take a look .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you look through that kind of information , you look , you look , you don 't just look , or you don 't just look .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
it 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i 'd like to take this idea a little further with , like , what 's a little crazy .
what we 've done here is , we 've taken every single one of these , and reduced them to a little summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just going to show the top 500 of the top 500 of the world 's most wanted .
but even in this very , very , very comforting view , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we get an impression on the issues on wikipedia .
i will now choose the subject of government .
well , after i 've chosen the government , i realize that most of which , most of all , those who are covering time travel " people of the year . "
this is really important , because this is a knowledge that is not in a single human form .
it 's just to see when you step back and look at the whole thing .
i can then go into the theme of " people of the year " and see all together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government officials , some come from science , some , some , even less , come from the economy .
and , interestingly , bono is also a ted grant winner .
so we can now jump and take a look at all ted neville 's winners .
you can see we 're surfing in the net for the first time as if it 's really a net , not just side to side , but a lot more powerful .
and so i want to show you something else that could be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website here .
this application , this application , i don 't want to call it a " -- " it 's really not a " , " but you can look at web sites with it , and we can bring this to every single website like this .
so i can go back one step and jump straight to a specific section .
that 's why it 's important because you can only look through the look of web sites in that way , the whole , the same way .
so , in my course , i can , in a certain time frame .
here is the stand of the entire demonstration i 've held up to here .
and i can sort of bring back everything i 've seen so far today .
and , if i step out one step and look at everything again , i may be able to order my course over again , here i am , looking for a live , here for bing labs , here , live , or here ,
and from here , i can go in and call you back .
it 's a metaphor that 's used over and over again , and every time it makes the big picture bigger than the amount of money .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the dragon .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do this , then this so far , perhaps a new source of better information .
and , instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge of it .
and if we know what we know , we might even be able to draw some wisdom out of it .
i 'll stop , thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
in my high school , i took the bus to school every day for an hour a day .
and my nose was always stuck in a book , a book that took my thoughts into other worlds , and in a way , my deep , deep , deep , deep , deep curiosity .
i was so totally , you know .
it was always about the attempt to understand the world and the limits of the possible .
and my love of science fiction seemed to be in my surroundings , because back in the late ' 60s , we flew to the moon , and we flew to the moon , and we flew to the moon .
" jacques " , he came into our living room with his fascinating shows , " which showed us animals and places , and a world full of wonders that we could never have imagined .
well , i guess that was a pretty good match for that , uh ...
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there was no video games , or those video games , or any of the video games , i had to create the pictures in my head .
when we read a book as children , we took the description of the author and put it on the screen in our heads .
my reaction to it was the drawing and painting of alien , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and all that .
i was constantly caught by the teacher , hiding behind the textbook .
the creativity had to stop somehow .
and in the process , something interesting happened , because what i did to jacques jacques , was fascinated by the thought of a completely unknown world here on earth itself .
surely , i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but here there was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was just as fascinating and exotic as all i had ever imagined when i read those books .
so i decided to become a diver when i was 15 .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada , a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i tracked down my father , until he finally found a new york , new york , right on the other side of the border where we lived .
i made my favorite in a pool in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , i only got two years later when we moved to california .
ever since , in the 40 years that have passed , i have spent , like , three thousand hours underwater , 500 hours of it in the water .
and i have learned that the world of the world of the great , even in the most powerful , is as rich as we can hardly imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no bounds , unlike our own , most of human imagination .
until this day , i have the deepest reverence for what i see on my face .
and my love for the ocean holds with the same intensity as ever .
then when i was an adult , i became a professional , it was the most beautiful .
it seemed the best way to tell my inner desire to tell stories , with my need to create images , to unite .
when i was a kid , i used to draw all the time and stuff .
so movies were the way to get pictures and stories together .
of course , the stories i was telling myself were from the " terminator " , " " " aliens " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " aliens " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
i could combine my love for the , uh ... and the scuba diving with the ...
so , basically , my two passions ...
something interesting has happened at " a " in order to solve a more serious problem in this movie , and we had to create some kind of , like , some kind of liquid , " we went back to the , uh , "
what came out of it was the first of the most amazing film ever seen in a movie .
the film didn 't bring in money , in fact , he was just playing his music , but i noticed something fascinating , the audience in the whole world was hypnotized like the spell that went out of it .
according to arthur clarke 's law , you are now aware that technology and magic are no different from each other .
so you saw something magical .
and i thought it was very exciting .
and i thought to myself , " wow , this must really be included in the family business . "
so we went to " terminator 2 , " my next movie , much further .
we created the guy from liquid metal together , the success was all about how this effect would come .
and it worked , and once again we had created something magical , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we already made a little more money with the film .
based on these two experiences , a whole new world was achieved , a whole new world of creativity for the people of the world .
so i founded a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who was , at that time , was the best company , and it was called , " digital camera . "
this company 's primary function was to skip the phase of the involuntary trials with optical , et cetera , and start with digital life forms .
that 's what we did , and then , for a time like this , we had to do it for a while .
but in the middle of the ' 90s , we realized that we were in the middle of the ' 90s , and that we had actually founded the company , too slowly .
but the bar put it back pretty well , and the people in my company told me that for the time being , we weren 't able to do it .
so i did this and i made this other film about the big ship that goes down .
i sold this as " romeo and juliet on a ship " , and it was an epic epic proportions , a passionate film .
but secretly , i wanted to go to the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know that .
but i convinced them by saying , " we 'll go to the wreck , we 'll film the real wreck .
we 're gonna show it in the film 's movie theater .
it 's a good angle for marketing .
and i convinced them to finance an expedition .
sounds crazy , but it goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
then , in fact , six months later , we created a real reality in which i was in a russian underground , four kilometers below the surface of the tower , looking at the real titanic through a porthole .
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't a movie , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i noticed how much of this , uh ... a very , very , very , very ...
well , you were also the most brilliant and most efficient planning .
you get into this capsule , then you float down into this dark , hostile environment where there is no hope of rescue if you can 't get it back .
and i was thinking , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a sex movie .
that 's really cool . "
i was really obsessed with exploring the earth 's atmosphere .
it was an adventure , it was curiosity .
and it was an experience that couldn 't give me hollywood .
because , you know , i could imagine a being that we could create a visual effect for , but i couldn 't imagine what i would see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made an unusual decision .
after the success of " titanic , " i said , " okay , i want to put my favorite writer as a filmmaker in hollywood on ice for a while . "
and then we started , we came to the " bismarck , " and we put them together .
we returned to the titanic wreckage .
we took little robots that we had built that would make a giant robot .
our intention was to look at the inside of the ship , which had never been done before .
no one had ever seen the inside of the wreckage , and they had no means for it , so we developed the technology we needed .
and there i am now , on the deck of the titanic , in a summer camp , and i see the boards that look pretty much like this and i know that the band once played there .
and i 'll fly with a little wooden ball through the gears of the ship .
i only serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present within the titanic 's core .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's plans .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me realize that i was so aware that you would use such a destructive force to use your own consciousness into the vehicle that could transfer to this other form of existence .
it was really a monster , really .
and maybe even a small view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have a way to explore or to do other things , in all the other things that i can imagine as a more practical .
after these expeditions , we began to learn what we had seen down there , to really appreciate , for example , that , where we saw these incredibly delicious animals .
they live with the help of the people of the world .
they do not exist in one of sunlight 's most powerful systems , as we do .
and that 's how you see animals right next to 500 degrees celsius that they can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested in the art of my childhood .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it went to the conclusion that i was taking a ride with us to the village .
in fact , we were shooting , but we were actually doing science , actually , science ,
so the circle between my existence was as a child , as a child , and the dedication to reality .
i 've learned a lot of things over the course of this .
i 've learned a lot about science , but now i 'm sure you think a director has to be able to lead , to be a leader like some kind of a circus freak or something .
i didn 't understand much about leadership before i joined this expedition .
because at a certain point , i had to say , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't bring us money .
we 're just about to play the game show .
everyone thinks i ran off between " titanic " and " avatar " and " avatar " and would have put the nails on a towel on the beach somewhere .
i 've made all these movies , all these movies , these tv shows for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all of this with only 10 to 12 people who worked together nonstop for years , sometimes we were at sea two to three months in a row .
and in this community , you can see that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other because you have a task that you can 't explain to anyone else .
there is a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next movie " avatar , " i tried to use the same magic , because you respect your team and earn their respect in return .
it really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a little team on uncharted territory , shooting " avatar " with a new technique that wasn 't before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said that we had really good copied and transported to the planet pandora .
for me , it was more of a more , more a more , more , more like doing my job , the real process that changed in the outcome .
so what can we do from all this ?
what lessons did we learn ?
i think in the first place , the curiosity stands .
it is the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the respect of your team is more important than any of the world 's most wanted .
i have a young filmmaker who says , " give me some advice on how to do something like this . "
and i say , " don 't lock yourself up .
don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself .
" failure is not an alternative . "
but in art , and in studying , failure must be an alternative , because there it is guaranteed an alternative .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been dealt with without risk .
you must be willing to take such risks .
this is the thought i 'd like to give you on the way , failure is an alternative , but fear is not .
today i speak to you about energy and climate .
and that might be a little bit surprised , because the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds for the things we have to invent and deliver to the poor for a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone on the planet .
it means that , for many years , they will not grow , for we will rain too much or too little , things will change the way their fragile environment cannot .
it leads to a common sense of uncertainty , it leads to unrest .
so , a woman 's daughter is going to be terrible for her .
and besides , the most important thing is for you .
the fact is , if you could only reduce the price of one thing to the price of energy would be by far the most powerful .
well , the time has come to an end .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on the environmental controls on the planet .
and even in the 20th century , there 's been a case in the main building , and so , we 've got , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we are in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but , if we reduce the price of the fuel , we will cut the price of a new barrier , and this barrier is connected with .
co2 warms the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
well , the exact connection between a time frame and which , by which , by which , where their other consequences are , there are some of the time zones , but not many .
and i 'm sure there will be a lot more serious about how bad these consequences will be , but they will be extremely bad !
i 've asked several times , " do we really need to get down to close zero ?
isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's very different from saying we have a 3 / 4 high truck that has to come under a 3 m bridge , and you can squeeze it under it .
this has to go all the way down to zero .
well , every year , we push out a lot of energy reserves over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons for everyone on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that will reduce to zero .
it 's been steady up .
only various economic changes have affected it at all , and we have to go from increasing levels to level and to a level of scale to zero .
so let 's look at every factor in one and think about how we get this to zero .
probably one of those numbers must come very close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's go through it .
first we have the population .
today , billions of people live ,
and it goes on to nine billion times that move to nine billion .
if we are very successful with a new level of energy , which we may be able to lower it down 10 % to 15 % , but at the time , we are looking at a level at 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that covers everything , the food we eat , clothes , tv , heat .
these are very good things and very good things , which means that most of the services on the planet are available .
it 's great that this number is rising .
here we see a very basic service .
and these students don 't have it , so go out and read their favorite books under the book .
well , with efficiency , the e , the energy per service , there 's finally good news .
we have something that 's not rising ,
due to various success in the financial system , by other means , by new methods in the field , there are a lot of services , which some of the individual services are reduced by 90 % .
in other service , as in the manufacture of , 105 : 05 : 05 : 05 : 05 p.m.
in total , if we 're optimistic , maybe we can get a reduction to a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but with the first three factors , we have now gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons , and that 's just not enough !
so let 's look at the fourth factor of co2 , and this one will be a carbon footprint , that 's the amount of the amount of the amount that 's going to be made to the daily level .
the question is whether you can get that to zero .
if they burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every power source for the power of carbon dioxide today , except for the renewable energy and carbon emissions .
so what we have to do on a global level is create a new system .
we 're gonna need to get some air .
now , if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the computer is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
usually there 's no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
usually , you just kind of just stand by and some come , others don 't .
in this case , we have to give the full throttle and get a miracle in very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really get this over ?
is there a natural , natural , a demonstration that will ignite the idea of people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked that .
the idea has really been made for you , you know that there are people who live with mosquitoes .
for energy , i remembered this .
i decided that releasing fireflies would be my most profitable contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured that they won 't bite , and in fact they won 't even leave the glass .
well , there are all sorts of things like this , but they don 't bring much .
we need solutions , either one or several of which have an unthinkable and unthinkable , and even though there are many ways where people are looking for it , i can only really see five that can afford these great requirements .
i left out the tide , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
let 's look at the first burn of the burned , burn of either coal or natural gas .
who will make sure ?
who can guarantee something that literally billions of billions of times bigger than any kind of trash you can ever imagine of , like , a lot of other things ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next thing you know , i 'll be the first .
then what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though he 's not very tall , there are a lot of concerns .
so three very , very difficult problems that might be more difficult , and which is why you should be working on .
i have the last three of the five in a nutshell .
they are the most powerful energy they are called .
and they also have , although it 's great that they don 't need fuel , they have some drawbacks .
for one thing , the technology that makes these technologies are dramatically less dramatic than the one of the most powerful .
it 's a matter of energy , you talk of a lot of energy , a thousand times more space than a normal power plant .
besides , these sources of interruptions ...
the sun doesn 't seem all day , it doesn 't seem every day , and the wind doesn 't keep blowing .
that 's why , when you are dependent on these sources , you have a way to get the energy in times when it 's not available .
so , there are great big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big
and there 's the main thing .
so , we need a big break here , something that will be 100 better by a factor than the time period .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring these highly sophisticated sources about , say , 20 % of the price .
if you want to lean on it 100 % , you 're gonna need an incredible power surge .
well , where shall we go ?
a " manhattan project " ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
they 'll say they 're crazy , they 're good .
i think there are a lot of people here at the ted group who are already engaged there .
bill gross has several companies , among other things , including one of the people who has the great financial industry .
and i 'm trying to support that .
nathan and i are funding a company that , maybe surprisingly , is tracking the nuclear approach .
there are some of the water in the water supply , water , liquid .
the development has stopped in this industry a while back , so it 's not a big surprise that some good concepts lie around .
it means that instead of a part of the process , the one percent , we decided to burn the 99 % , the most powerful .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn this 99 % , it 's a lot better than that .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the garbage of today 's reactors as a power source .
instead of breaking your head about it , just burn it .
the uranium is used to be a bit like a candle .
you see , it 's a kind of column , often referred to as " the wave of the reactor " .
it really does solve the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the garbage that 's 99 % , you took out the part that 's burned today , so it 's called the uranium .
the u.s. urges for hundreds of years .
and if you can just , you can get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are still a lot of challenges , but it 's an example of many hundreds of thousands of people we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
how would our report card look ?
well , let 's go to the target that we have to reach , and then we 'll talk about the main event .
a lot of people are talking about an 80 % of the population of the world , up to the point .
it 's really very important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be created in poor countries , and still a little farming , hopefully it will be clean and cement until then .
so , to reach 80 % of this 80 % , the u.s. government must , including countries like china , completely surround their homes .
the other note says if we use the most advanced technology , whether it 's used in all the advanced countries and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
this is going to be one of the most important things in the world .
if we go back from there , how would the witness report look ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the main power to get the temperature on the way .
we 'll have to follow this with the full throttle , and we can measure it , in the middle of the night , in the middle of the night , in the middle of the night , in the middle of the day and night .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book , " we have the choice " and david the " super energy " without the hot air . "
you 're really going through it and you can create a frame where this can be discussed wide , because we need support from all sides .
there are some things that need to get together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific request that we invent this technology .
this one has the greatest impact .
so what do we have to do ?
what kind of action do i appeal to ?
we need to use ourselves for more of this .
when countries meet in places like a mountain , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you should be discussing these financial transactions , and you would be shocked by the ridiculously low funds that are being spent on these , uh , financial transactions .
we need to get the co2 , the co2 , the co2 , the cap , the trade , something that can create an energy surge .
we must spread the message .
we need to do dialogue and complete dialogue , and the things that will be done by the government .
it is an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
just to understand a little better for now , can you give us an idea of the magnitude of this investment ?
the difficult step is to build the first building of the first decade , to find another billion , the most powerful and the place that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one is finished , when he walks the way he promised , then it 's all clear , because the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
in order to understand , it means to build deep into the ground almost like a vertical pillar of nuclear nuclear power , and then the process begins to work down ?
today they have to keep the reactor new , so there are a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff it , or it 's not good .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can think of it for 60 years , you can think of a long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long live , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long , long
and it sits there and burns for 60 years and then it 's done .
it 's a little bit of a big deal that can even solve the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can let him sit there , there 's a lot less garbage with this method , then take him and put him in the next reactor and burn it further .
and we will begin by taking the garbage that already exists , which is in these vaults , or in the reactors .
so this is what was a problem for these reactors , what we fill in ours , and with it , the energy levels are dramatically reduced during this process .
but while you have spoken with different people of this world about these possibilities ,
where is the greatest interest in doing this ?
you know , the french and the japanese have made something that way .
this is a version of a thing made .
this is an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built this , which is why anyone who has run a fast reactor is a nuclear reactor for our first .
in your mind , time frame and probability of calling something like this really to life ?
now , we need one of those , uh , the , uh , things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
it 's kind of like the deadline that we have to keep up with .
and , you know , if everything goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could be easy .
and luckily , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of those who , as well , if their approaches work , the funding for their pilots can work for it .
and it would be best if there were several of them , because then you could use a mixture .
we definitely need a solution .
in regards to the great possible possible , is this the greatest thing you know ?
it 's the most important thing to do .
it would have been without the , but it makes it so much more important .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's the most efficient method , that 's another approach .
there 's a liquid , it seems a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if it doesn 't work , what then ?
do we have to initiate emergency procedures in order to try to keep the containment field stable ?
when you come into this situation , it 's like eating too much , and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's an energy source that calls itself an energy source that deals with different techniques to delay the warming so that we could get 20 or 30 more years to get us out .
it 's just a family thing .
you hope we don 't need this .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance company because maybe that makes you lazy , so you keep eating because you know you 're going to save someone who 's gonna save you .
do you have a or two sentences for them to maybe convince them ?
well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds , postpone things ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is that this uncertainty should concern us .
well , the actual expenses for research , we should tell the u.s. to spend 10 billion a year more than they do today , that 's not so dramatic .
among them , other things shouldn 't suffer .
then you come to great lengths , and here , reasonable people can argue with you when you have something that 's not legal , and try to finance it , for me , most of the waste is happening .
unless , of course , you 're very close to a financial system , and you 're just financing the financial industry .
if the swab you can get is a very high , very high , high , only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any of us here could spend five times as much for our energy without changing their lifestyle .
for the lower two billion but it 's a disaster .
and even if you think about it ,
his new line of work is now , " why is research no longer discussed ? "
he 's still going to , because of his earlier stories , with the most experienced , but he understood that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing in the most exclusive .
and this is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very kind .
the research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i think i speak for almost all the people here when i say i really hope that your wish will come true .
thank you .
a couple of years ago , here at ted 's , peter teleborian introduced a " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " .
the idea is pretty simple , but , you know , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
the marshmallow must be on top .
and , even though it seems really simple , it 's actually really hard because people are very quick to work together .
and so i thought that this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into an art museum .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people usually start using their own direction .
they talk about it , they think about what it 's gonna look like , they 're all about power ,
then they invest a little time in planning and organization , and they put out spaghetti and spaghetti .
they invest a lot of their time in the most of their time in the most unstable structures
and finally , just before you don 't have time , someone takes the marshmallow , and they gently put it on the top , step back one step back and " ta-da ! "
what then , almost always , happened that the " ta-da " becomes an " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing collapse and collapse .
there are a series of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " than others , and among the worst , are fresh fish .
you lie , you cheat , you 're confused , and you produce some very , very , very , very ...
and , of course , there are also teams who have a lot more " ta-da " and among the best are fresh graduates of the war .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is , how come ?
and peter says , " none of the children are invested in being chief of the spaghetti " .
you don 't spend any time in business .
but there is another reason .
and it is , that , of course , that , of course , the people who are trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then to realize it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top , you don 't have time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what you do differently is that you start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so that you have several times the chance to repair the prototype .
i 'm not sure .
and with every attempt , the children get feedback that works immediately and what doesn 't .
so is the performance of working with prototypes , much , but let 's see how different teams act .
the average for most of them is at , like , the average , the average , the average , the average , the average , the most , the average , the average , the average , the most , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the
who 's the most successful ?
architects and engineers , fortunately .
it 's the highest i 've seen .
and why , because you can understand , and you can understand , and you can see , you can see , and you can be the key to building stable structures .
there 's a bit of an average , but here it gets interesting .
if you put an executive executive administrator on the team , you 'll get better .
you look around and you see this team will win .
you can predict it .
because you have special skills of the brain .
you run the process , you understand .
and that team that will handle this and watch the work , will improve the performance of the team .
the most powerful skill and the ability to achieve success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you 'll get about six that have stable structures .
i 've tried something exciting .
i thought we were going to bring in the water .
so i offered a $ 10,000 award to software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those , the , uh ...
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a highly sophisticated construction , he would have carried the price home .
so isn 't it interesting that high levels have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened now ?
now you have understood the advantage of the " a " .
that 's how the same bad team became one among the best .
they produced the highest construction in the slightest time .
so , there are so many of the lessons for us , about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , why would someone actually invest time to create an energy source ?
the reason is , i 'm helping create digital tools and trials to help teams to create cars , video games , and , uh , video games .
and what the state police do is help them identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge offers a common experience to build a common language , a common language , a real prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who care , can go and visit a friend .
it 's a blog where you can see how to build the marshmallows .
there 's a power plant there .
they find crazy examples of all over the world , like people who break the system and move on .
there 's also some kind of a ...
and the most painful lesson , i believe that the construction is actually a more effective sport .
it requires that we all set our senses to the task and that we use our best thinking as our feelings and our actions , in the challenge that lies ahead .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to get us from an " uh-oh " to a " ta-da " .
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
it 's a big machine , a cool , cool machine , and it 's a time machine .
and everyone in this room must go in .
and you can go into the past , you can go to the future ; you can 't stay in here and now ,
and i wonder what you would choose because i have often asked my friends this question , and they all wanted to go to the past .
they wanted to go back in time before there were cars or twitter or america was looking for the superstar .
i don 't know .
i am convinced that you are somehow attracted to nostalgia , to wishful thinking .
and i understand .
i am not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go into the past and not because i 'm an adventurer -
it 's because possibilities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to get into this machine , and i want to go to the future .
this is the greatest time there has ever been on this planet , no matter what scale you set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , opportunities , drops .
there has never been a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are up to 80 .
so there better be a nine at the beginning of my career .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is a bigger deal than that .
a child who is born today in a world where can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
they have restored the earth 's power to a way that no war has ever made .
they 're gone .
we beat them , poof .
in the rich world , there are diseases that have threatened millions of us before only a generation .
you know , i don 't know .
does anyone even know what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are the results of the scientific method .
and from my point of view , the scientific method is to try out things , see if it works , change it if it doesn 't , one of the greatest achievements of mankind .
so this is the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
and one of which is , despite all our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go hungry to bed every day .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and it 's embarrassing .
and not just that , we used our imagination to destroy this world thoroughly .
drinking water , boiling land , oil , oil , gas , they disappear soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , we 'll disappear too .
so the question is , can we do this ?
i believe it is clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the land they live on .
i think we can supply this world with energy that doesn 't destroy it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night , one of the things that keep me awake at night , we 've never needed scientific progress as badly as ever , ever , ever , ever .
and we have never been able to give him reason , as we can today .
people are so wrapped in their faith , so tight they can 't be freed .
not even the truth will free you .
and listen , everyone has a right to his opinion , even a right to his opinion of progress ,
but do you know what you have no right to ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article on inoculations for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was amazed to join the resistance , to the resistance , which at the end is the most spectacular measure of the health care system in the history of mankind .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and went away .
and soon after that , i wrote an article about a change of food .
the same thing , only bigger .
people played crazy .
so i also wrote an article about it , and i couldn 't understand why people thought that it was " a " sex tape , " why they thought that there were certain molecules instead of a random kind of an assault on nature .
but you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we pass , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but i was worried about these articles , and i couldn 't figure out why , and finally i found out .
and that 's because those fanatics who drove me crazy were no fanatics at all .
they were the most intelligent people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and that got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know what , let 's be honest .
we 've reached a point where we don 't have the same relationship with progress as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironic about it , with a little " progress . "
okay , there are reasons for that , and i think we know what reasons these are .
we have lost faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there is no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can just call a few names and people will understand .
the chernobyl , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right .
ask questions , ask for proof , ask for receipts .
take nothing but gone .
but here it comes , if you get proof , you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at it .
and i can say this for the reason that we are now living in an epidemic of fear , as i have never seen , and hopefully will never see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story , which linked to the measles , the mumps , the mumps , and the viral vaccine .
very scary .
a lot of studies have been conducted to see if that was true .
it 's a serious matter .
the data came in .
the data came in from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no communications , no connection .
it doesn 't make any difference , because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a drug dealer who gives us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
because of this fact , the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the oil prices for measles go down .
this is outrageous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that .
well , i understand .
does anyone have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country at all , but in the last year in the world .
that 's a lot of death by measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around and preach messages of fear and anxiety , like oprah and larry king live .
and you can do that because you don 't connect the cause of cause , and you can 't .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but almost never the same .
and this is something we need to learn , very quickly .
this guy was a hero , jonas .
he freed us from one of the worst of the human race .
don 't worry , no pain , no pain , no foul , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle , not so much .
his name is paul .
he 's just just developed a computer program with some other people .
he can save the lives of a hundred and a half million kids a year in the ' 70s .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , aside from paul walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and that people should just stop whining .
and that 's what he actually says .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul speaks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't need to say this , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the diseases return , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we have measles in this country now .
and it gets worse , and pretty soon , kids will die again because that 's just a question of numbers .
and they won 't just die of measles .
why not ?
i got a text message from me a couple of weeks ago , and she said she thought i was a little too shrill .
no one has ever said that before .
she wouldn 't give her child a chance to get her child shot at by a gun .
fine .
- because we don 't have any , and you know what ?
we didn 't have any business in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now , he 's over ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he lands and rents a car , and he comes to long beach , and he 's going to visit one of those , uh , some of those , uh , some of those ...
and he doesn 't know that he 's infected with an incurable disease , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on , don 't pretend he 's not .
we love to hide in lies .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
it 's a little , uh , a little , uh , a little , uh , a little something to help you remember .
i know you did that because half the americans do that every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it makes no difference how often we find out they 're useless .
the data is always the same .
they black out their urine .
that 's okay , you like to pay $ 28 billion for dark urine .
i completely agree with you .
dark .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - - we hate the , uh ...
we hate a government too strong , we have no faith in the system .
and we shouldn 't .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's absolutely amazing cold , and it 's totally cold , and it 's freezing itself to us that can afford it .
so we run away from it , and where are we going ?
we are walking into the arms of the gods .
that 's great .
but you know , this is really a serious matter , because this stuff sucks , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
not one of them is , uh , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
when i say that , people yell at me and say , " what do you care ?
that 's how they feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the drug dealer who says , " well , i 'm not gonna take the receipts from my experts , " or some kind of a drug dealer who 's trying to treat his patient with drug problems .
if you go this way , where faith and magic replace and science , you can get to a place where you don 't want to be .
they are entering the south of south africa .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that the red , the beets , the garlic , and garlic , are much more effective than the most effective medication we know that they can stop the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of people died in a land worse than any other of this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
they always do .
well , the most terrifying epidemic in which we are currently in is this absurd struggle between the most absurd food and the food supply .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts , has been changed by people .
you know , there was no such thing as paradise .
there have been no such thing .
we did all this .
we did it in the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
and , of course , there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people to extend their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we refuse to change food .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i hear all the time is too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormone levels , we don 't want big fields with one thing , that 's wrong .
we don 't want companies to live on .
we don 't want companies to own seeds .
and do you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge , huge , huge , but it 's not science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know science is not a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a process .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work because we 're afraid is a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people alive .
you know , in the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than right now , 70 % .
this investment in africa in the last 30 years .
embarrassing .
you need this , and we don 't give it to you .
and why ?
we don 't want to encourage people to eat the most disgusting stuff , like , the , you know , the kind of ...
it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building all this in it .
and then people could eat the food and not go blind .
you wouldn 't starve and you know what ?
it would be nice , it wouldn 't be a chez , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want to go after genes ?
it 's not about gene , it 's not about chemicals .
it is not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our constant need for greater food , better food , unique food .
it 's not about rice rice wars , it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we don 't do that , if we keep doing what we 've done so far , we 'll be guilty of something that we , i don 't think , don 't want to be guilty .
there 's no other description for what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really have to stop it .
after this incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go to that ridiculous time machine and to the future ? "
absolutely .
right now she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this time machine on anything we want .
we can put them where we want them , and we will move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we get into the time machine and go to the future , we 'll be glad to have done that .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , this is something the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
a deception becomes a real thing because someone is so aware of it .
so that we understand each other , i would like to show you a simple , simple magic trick .
and i will show you how it works .
i myself , myself , have learned it from the legendary scout , the magic boy scout of the boy scouts in the ' 70s .
i 'll take him out for you and then explain him .
and then i will explain why i explain it .
so , look what happens .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'll just keep the knife in my fist .
i 'll put my sleeve back .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out of him , i will just put my wrist right here .
in that way , you can see that there is no movement at any time , as long as i stay here , nothing can walk in my sleeve or walk out .
and the goal is simple .
i will open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my bare physical magnetism .
it 's actually sitting so tight in his place that i can shake it without the knife running .
nothing goes in my sleeve or comes out , no running , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , that 's a trick i often teach little kids who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it 's a very simple trick .
most of you probably know this trick in the hall .
here 's how it works .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say i cut my wrist to make sure nothing in my sleeve disappears or comes out , and that 's a lie .
the reason why i cut my wrist is that there is the real secret of the illusion .
because the moment i put my hand away from you so you can see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , just from where he was , in a position that he is .
great trick ?
there 's someone sitting back there who didn 't have a childhood .
so , he 's here .
and when i turn around , the finger changes his position .
but that 's not what this is all about , and then i open my hand .
of course , it is held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick , by my index finger which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens when i walk away , is hidden by this movement , that the finger will turn back on .
i take that hand away , and here 's the knife .
you can do this trick to your friends and neighbors .
well , what does that have to do with the money ?
a year or so , i read a study that really hit me .
i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and that 's why it was an amazing thing for me .
it turns out , when you 're offering to offer a bone in the shape of a white pill , in the form of a brain , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain effect .
but if you change the shape in which you administer the blood flow , for example , in a smaller pill , and color these blue and mark a letter , it 's actually more effective .
and that , even though none of them are any kind of ... it 's just , you know ... it 's just , you know ... it 's just ... it 's ... it 's just ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's just ...
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
what ?
it turns out it 's not all .
if you take capsules , they 're even more powerful than pills of any form .
a colored capsule , which is yellow at an end of the red , is better than a white capsule .
even the dosage matters .
i 'm sorry .
the bottom line is ...
... that , too , of course , those who are in love , play a role .
and the shape does matter .
and if you want to have the ultimate , you have to grab a needle .
right , a syringe with a chest tube - a couple of cc of of of a microscopic substance injected to a patient .
it creates a very strong picture in the head .
this chart is really ... i will show it to you another time when we have a projector .
so the fact is , the white pill doesn 't seem as good as the blue pill that doesn 't seem as good as a capsule that doesn 't seem as good as the needle .
and none of it has any really unique quality , but it is only our faith in which we have a stronger effect .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i take something that is obviously a deception , and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to reach the needle if you want to get to the point .
this is an 18 inches long , it 's very , very sharp , and i will first sterilize it a little bit .
this is really my flesh .
this is my skin .
i will now stab this needle into my skin and drive through it through it until you return to the other side .
if you get sick - - if you faint easily - - i put some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest that if you get sick quickly , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know what , i will do the first sensitive part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
so , it goes like this , right here where my meat starts , on the bottom part of my arms , i 'm just gonna make a little bit of a ...
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and on the other side of the way out .
now , we 're actually in the same situation that we had at the police station .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
this is one , two , three , four , five .
well ...
i know what people think when they see that .
they say , " okay , he 's probably not that stupid and he 's gonna skin himself just to talk us for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
how does this look ?
yeah , i know .
and people back there say , " okay , i didn 't really see that . "
the people in the main lobby are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my flesh , and i can make it .
if you get sick , look away , don 't look .
okay , let me get some blood for you .
yes , here it is .
normally i would take the needle out now .
i would clean my arm and show them there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here and with the intention of making something real out of a deception , i will just leave the needle in there and walk off the stage like that .
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
thank you .
everyone talks about happiness these days .
i let some people count the number of books that have been published in the title in the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 and there was a lot more .
there is a huge wave of the star of happiness among scientists .
there are a lot of things .
everyone would like to make people happier .
but in spite of all this tide of work , there are several cognitive traps that make it almost impossible to think clearly of happiness .
and my lecture today is mostly about these cognitive traps .
that goes for the people who think about their own happiness , and it goes for scientists who think about happiness because it turns out we 're just as confused as anyone else .
the first one of these traps is to admit to complexity .
it turns out the word happiness is just not a useful word because we use it to too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning that we could limit it to , but in the great and all , that 's something we need to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view of what is well-being .
the second trap is a mistake of experience and memory , in the end , between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both the best in the idea of happiness .
and the third one is the key to the world , and that is the unfortunate fact that we can 't think of a circumstance that affects the well-being without meaning of it .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , really emotional , that ruined the whole experience .
but it didn 't .
what it had ruined was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of beautiful music .
they didn 't count because he was with a memory loss , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep .
what that really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and about other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there is a self who lives in the present and knows the present is capable of relive the past , but essentially only the present has the present .
it is the most painful even that the doctor is asking if the doctor asks , " does it hurt now when i touch you here ? "
or " what was your trip to albania ? " or something like that .
these are two very two very different units , the most complex themselves , and confusing the two of them is part of the happiness of happiness .
well , the most beautiful herself is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a basic reaction to our memories of -- it starts immediately .
we don 't just tell stories when we get to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we can keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
i will not go into detail , she is no longer painful these days , but she was painful when this study was performed in the history books .
you were asked to report every 60 seconds of your pain .
and here are two patients .
and they are asked , " which one of them has suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more , his colonoscopy was longer , and every minute of pain that patient a had patient had patient b , and more .
but now there is another question : " how much did these patients think they were suffering ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient " a " had a much worse sense of the colonoscopy than patient b .
the stories of the film industry were different , and because a very crucial part of the story is how it ends
and none of these stories are very , very , very , very , very , very ...
but one of them is clearly worse than the other .
and the one who 's worse was the one where the pain was at the very end of his height .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people for their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing altogether ? "
and she was much worse for " a " than for " b " in the ' 80s .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the self and the brain stem itself .
from the point of view , b clearly had a much worse time .
that will make the patient suffer , but only a little less and less than before .
what makes a story record ?
and that goes for the stories that the memory gives us and it goes for the stories we invent .
which brings a story to a story that is more important , important moments and ends .
ends are very , very important , and in this case , the end of this case .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
it has moments of the moment , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them will be completely ignored by the most of them themselves .
and yet somehow you get the impression that you should count that what happened during those moments of the shadow war is our life .
it is the limited resource we consume while we are in this world .
and as we consume it would seem to be important , but that 's not the story that keeps the money itself to ourselves .
so , we have the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
the biggest difference between you is the way to deal with time .
from the point of view , even if you have a vacation , and the second week is just as good as the first one , then the second vacation is twice as good as the vacation .
that 's not the way it works for the self .
for the sake of itself , a temporary vacation is hardly any better than the occasional vacation because there are no new memories added .
you haven 't changed the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable , which , in fact , is different from a very , very , very , very little influence on this story .
well , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
it is not a voice in this choice .
in fact , we do not choose between experiences , we choose between memories of experiences .
and even when we think of the future , we don 't usually think of our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as memories of our past .
and basically , you can look at that , you know , as a tyranny of the flesh itself , and you can think of that as the one thing that , in a manner of speaking , is carrying the most basic experience that doesn 't need itself .
i have the impression that if we take a vacation , it 's very often the case , which means we 're taking a vacation in the service of the minister ourselves .
and that 's a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much did we forget about our memories ?
this is one of the explanations given for the dominance of the brain itself .
and i probably have from my memories of this journey , i would say for about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's , like , an hour and a half .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
that 's why i want you to think about a more serious problem .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation , all your paintings will be destroyed and you will get a prescription drug so you will remember nothing .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the choices we choose is a problem that makes us choose between the two kinds of ourselves .
well , the two types of themselves are throwing two words of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can use , one per .
so you can ask , how happy is the most wonderful thing for yourself ?
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the king himself ?
and you are all the happiness for moments is a very complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , by the way , we are now capable of getting a pretty good idea from the happiness of the man himself over time .
if you ask for the happiness of the king himself , it 's a very different thing .
this is not about how happy a person lives .
it is about how content or how pleased the person is when that person thinks about her life .
very different concept .
anyone who does not different those terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i belong to a lot of researchers about well-being that have screwed up the exploration of happiness for a very long time .
between the happiness between the happiness of the man himself and the satisfaction of the king himself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you 're trying to separate the two .
now , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh ,
in the last few years , we have begun to learn about the happiness of the two species of ourselves .
and the most painful lesson we , i think , learned is that they are really different .
you can know how happy someone is with their life , and that really doesn 't teach them how happy he lives his life and vice versa .
just to give you an impression of the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the ... the , uh ...
what that means is that if you were to meet someone , and you would be told , oh , his father is a master , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you would know something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone has his life as an eight on a scale of ten , you have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own .
so , you see , it 's a very low rate of exposure .
we know something about what the satisfaction of the peace corps will be .
we know that money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness mainly means to be content with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but this is dominant .
so if you want the happiness of the two species of yourself , you will do very different things at the end .
the conclusion from what i 've said here is that we should really not imagine happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a short while , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't watch the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in california are , you won 't get the correct answer .
if you ask that question , you think that the people in california must be happier if you , say , living in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about life in california , you think of the difference between california and other places , and that difference , we say in the climate .
well , it turns out climate is not very important to the climate itself , and it 's not even very important for the climate itself that decides how happy people are .
well , now , because the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
and it 's kind of interesting to follow what happens to people who move to california hoping to be happier .
well , your self will not be happier .
we know that .
but one thing will happen , you will think that you are happier , because if you think about it , you will be remembered how terrible the weather was in ohio , and you will feel that you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i have given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a couple of weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result that came from the most interesting survey .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the most recent survey is a number we absolutely didn 't expect to find .
we found this in regard to the happiness of the host himself .
if we can figure out how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that 's a very large number of americans , about 600,000 , but it 's a great $ 600,000 a year worth of income under $ 600,000 a year 's salary .
60,000 .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year , people are unhappy , and they become increasingly unhappy , the poorer they get .
we 'll get a very flat line about that .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such shallow lines .
what happens is obvious that money doesn 't buy you a free ticket , but that lack of money is certainly a misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clearly .
in the sense of the other himself , of the self , you get another story .
the more money you make the happier you are .
that 's not for emotions .
but danny , in the entire american effort , it is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take this report seriously , i mean , it all seems to put it all on their head , everything we believe , for example , in terms of brain damage and so on .
is there any chance that politicians , that the country would , in general , take a report as serious as this and make politics based on it ?
you know , i believe that there is some recognition for the role of the film industry in politics .
the recognition will be slowly in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it just happens and in other countries .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it 's going to take a while , and people are going to argue whether they want to explore or if they want to explore the state of mind , so we have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how you can increase happiness is very different depending on how you think and whether you think of yourself or whether you 're thinking of the most beautiful yourself .
this will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states of the united states , you try to measure the population 's population .
it will , i think , in the next one or two decades , be part of the national statistics .
well , it seems to me that this subject is becoming , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you so much for the invention of the world cup .
thank you .
i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm jane , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm
i have now been developing for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality as it is to save it in space .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and more time playing games .
right now , we are currently spending three billion hours a week with a family tradition .
some of you may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have in the real world to solve .
but in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future , the opposite is exactly the opposite .
three billion hours a week is not nearly enough to solve the world 's most serious problems .
in fact , i am convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we must increase this time considerably .
i 've calculated that the required time is at 21 billion hours a week .
no , i really mean it .
this picture is pretty specific why i believe that games are so essential to the survival of the human species in the future .
this is a portrait of the photographer , phil .
he wanted to capture the feelings of playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions of playing .
if you 're not a gambler , you might miss out some of the players in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but also the most extreme concentration , completely absorbed into solving a really difficult problem .
if you also play , you will see some of the top of your eyes and your mouth are a sign of optimism , the eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player who stands at the edge of a so-called epic victory .
okay , great , so we have some players here .
a victorious victory is a result that is so very positive that you didn 't even know it was even possible .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when you reach it , you are shocked that you are actually capable of such a thing .
this player is on the verge of an epic victory .
and this is what we have to look at on millions of faces from all over the world when we attack the hurdles of the next century , the face of those who stand against all odds of epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we rather see this face in real life , when we encounter difficult problems .
i call it " in life i 'm bad , " and it 's actually my face , see ?
that 's me , the way i do the " in life i 'm bad " business .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation why we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players have .
we think we 're not as good in reality as playing .
and i don 't mean only less successful , although that 's part of it .
i mean , in connection with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to cooperate .
and in reality , when we fail , when we push for obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed , we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have these feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist .
and that 's what i was trying to investigate as a police officer .
why is it impossible in games to think you can 't just achieve everything ?
how can we transfer these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i looked at games like world of warcraft , that offers the ideal environment for the world of the world .
and i have discovered some things that will make epic victories so possible .
so , first of all , if you get into one of these , most of all at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters ready to entrust you with a mission , and right away .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level in the game , right ?
so you can do it .
you never get a job you can 't solve .
but always at the edge of your abilities , so you must try hard , but there is no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there 's always something very important to do .
and there are a lot of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
we don 't have it so easy in real life , this feeling that there are a lot of employees willing to stand by .
besides , there 's this epic story , this inspiring story , why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you must have heard of " level up " and " plus one strength " or " plus one intelligence . "
this constant feedback does not exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't have to speak + 1 and + 1 crazy idea , + 20 crazy idea .
i can 't get that feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of warcraft is that it is so satisfying to be at the edge of an epic victory that we would rather spend our entire time in these fucking houses .
they 're just better than reality .
until today , all the world of western europe have spent together for over a million years trying to solve the virtual problems of cyber crime .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to see it in context , millions of years ago , we began to walk our first day of war .
so , the first one , the first one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the one , the , uh ...
okay , so if we 're talking about how much time we 're spending with games right now , it just makes sense when you spend the time on the scale of human development in front of what 's extraordinary .
but also appropriate , because it turns out that by using us to play this whole time , we actually change what we are capable of as people .
we are developing to become the most powerful , happy creatures .
that 's the truth .
look at these interesting statistics that have recently been published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , the average average young man from today in a country with a very strong family tradition , has spent 10,000 hours with the age of 21 .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for children in the united states , for the first time in the united states , for the first time in the year of the united states , for the most accurate hours they spend in school , from the fifth grade to the high school , if you never miss .
so here we have a complete record of the young people learning exactly what it means to be a good player like everything else they learn at school .
and maybe some of you have read the new book of malcolm , " super " .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of the 10,000 hours .
it is based on the great research of the science community , that if we spend 10,000 hours with the study of a random student until the 21st , we will master in it .
we become so good at doing whatever we have to do , like the most important people in the world .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are the most powerful .
so the big question is , " what exactly are the players that are the best ? "
because if we could figure that out , we would basically never have been able to provide human potential before .
we have so many people in the world right now , who spend at least an hour a day at least .
these are our top 500 million people who are remarkably good at something .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players that are remarkably good at whatever .
if you haven 't heard ,
the energy industry is designed to save the energy , save the energy and work on the earth , instead of the , so players in the whole world , especially in india , china , brazil , can play online .
you expect an additional billion players in the next decade .
we have a total of 1.5 billion players .
so i started to think about what it is to make us master these games .
here are the four things i found .
all right , imagine that like extreme stress levels .
it is the desire to do something immediately to master an obstacle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that a winning victory is possible , and that it 's always worth trying to do it , right now .
players don 't sit around .
players are masters in the spiders are poets of social nets .
there are a lot of interesting investigations that show that we like people more after we played with them , even if they beat us badly .
the reason is it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed that we have the same goal and will remain in the game .
so , so , in order to create the growing of bonds , trust and to each other .
as a result , we create stronger social relationships .
fantastic !
you know , there 's a reason why the average of 22 hours a week is playing as an art teacher .
the reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that , as a human being , we work perfectly well when we do hard , important work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and eventually , epic meaning .
players love to become part in awe of missions of the world .
this is a private company to put this in the right light .
the world 's second largest financial system in the world , with almost 80,000 nuclear technology , is the world of the world .
five million people use it every month .
they have gathered more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in every other world 's world 's most wanted .
they create an epic story .
they create an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so that 's four super powers leading to a single result .
they 're people who think they can change the world as one .
and the only problem is that you think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real ones .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
i 'm not sure .
his work is brilliant , and he 's investigating why people spend so much time , energy , and money in space .
and he says , " we will witness witnesses of no less than one in virtual worlds , "
and it 's from a little bit of a , you know , it 's logical .
and he says ...
not the way i ... i 'm developing games , i 'm a bit of a game .
so he says it actually makes sense , because players can do more than in real life .
you can make stronger social ties in games than in real life , you 'll get more reports and rewards in games than in real life .
so , he says it 's perfectly logical right now that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , it 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a family thing .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that lasted 2,500 years .
there are these antique dice , made of the , uh ...
in front of these fantastic , fantastic , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beautiful ...
and they were , in a way , the first of human beings , the first of human beings were developed by the human race .
and if you are familiar with the works of the ancient greek , you may know this story about how and why games were invented .
according to the news , games were invented , more specifically , in the kingdom of new england during a famine .
supposedly , there was such a great famine , that the king of macedonia chose a crazy idea .
people were suffering , people were fighting .
it was an extreme situation .
so , they invented , according to the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the
and they would be so deeply absorbed into the system , since games are so fascinating and surround us with the , uh , highly volatile productivity that they would forget there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day , you 'd play , and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to the law , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
the same way , i think , let 's play games today .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we play games to avoid everything that doesn 't work in the real world , all that 's not satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but that doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the exciting thing .
after 18 years of war , the famine was no better , so the king decided to set up one last meal .
they shared the kingdom in half .
they were playing a game game and the winners were allowed to go on an epic adventure .
they left the country looking for a new home .
that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but the latest news reports show that , later , the founding fathers , who later formed the roman empire , will have the same dna as the old family .
that 's why scientists recently came to believe that the " crazy " story is true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling system that took almost 20 years to explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games by escaping into games for 18 years , and then you had this inspiration and learned so much about playing games that you saved the entire civilization .
so we can .
we 've been gambling since 1994 .
that was the first time in real time in real time in the world of new york .
for 18 years , you 've been playing for the last 18 years , we 've been in the game for 16 years .
i say we are ready for our own game .
so , they sent half their civilization to search for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should be in it that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the real world 's problems .
i know you 're going to ask , " how do we solve problems of the real world in play , " and that is exactly what i 've dedicated my work to the institute for the past few years .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , it 's like we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future before .
what we want is to make the future .
we want to introduce ourselves to the best possible outcome , and then people , to turn this idea into reality .
we imagine epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'll show you three games that i designed to try to get people epic victories in their own future .
this is " world without oil . "
the game is from 2007 .
it 's a private sector where you need to overcome a quantum singularity .
we 've been testing this game with 1700 players in 2007 , and we 've been with them for over the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was a very , very experienced experience .
nobody wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they 're in an epic adventure and they say , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you go on .
find out how you would survive , most of our players have kept their habits in the game .
so , for the next game , we have put a bigger higher , higher goal than just a game .
we have developed the game of " the future " at the institute .
the point of the point is that the people have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called " the most sophisticated , " of course .
the call to players to sign in , we almost made like a " a " a " , " a " , " a " .
you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , jerry
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
they found 500 incredibly creative creative solutions that they can read when they call it " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
and the last game we bring out on march 3rd , it 's a game in collaboration with the world bank .
when you close the game , you will receive the award from the world bank of the world bank , " social security " , graduated 2010 .
we work with universities all over the country , and we invite them to study social education .
we have a comic book , we understand " level high " for a " , " a " , " a " , " a " , " a " , " a " , " a " , " a " a " , " a " a " a " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
i would like to invite all of you to share this game with young people , all over the world , most of all in matters that benefit from introducing themselves to their own social enterprise to save the world .
i come to the end .
i want to ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a great meaning for change .
we have all of these super powers , highly advanced productivity , the ability to tie tight social nets , and the desire for meaningful meaning .
i really hope that together we will play major games to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
when i enter the next decade , i will be sure of two things that we can create every future in the world and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let the game begin !
thank you .
i would like to tell you something that i noticed a few months ago when i wrote an article in the writing of an article for an article in the paper for a paper .
i 've always had my morning paper handy when i was writing , but i was already done with the work of the book , and i realized i 've never looked up in my life , which means " really retarded . "
i 'll read you the entry .
" healthy , strong , strong . "
of course , it was an old , old , old , old , old ... i just thought the issue must be pretty old .
but in fact , it was an issue on the early ' 80s when i just started elementary school , and it started to build up my favorite place outside of my family 's home and form in terms of other kids and around the world .
and , thank god , i didn 't use a magic wand back then .
if i were to take this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life in no way can be positive , but today i will be celebrated for the odds and the adventures that i have witnessed .
so i immediately called in the ' 80s and i expected to find a more profitable contribution here .
here 's the most beautiful version of this whole thing .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words between " the " most " and " healthy . "
but it 's not just the words .
it 's what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we design these values .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many of the most loyal societies , including the greeks and the romans , they really believed that the pronunciation of a man has a great power , because what you say out loud , can also be heard .
so , what are we supposed to do - - a retarded human or a more human being ?
to call a human being a child alone could be enough to narrow them down and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be nicer to open doors to you ?
a man who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in wilmington in delaware .
his name is dr .
and dr. p. always wore very colorful flies and was just made for the work of children .
i found the time i spent in this hospital just great - except for my physical therapy .
and imagine , i have even tried to negotiate with dr. p. p. and try to stop these exercises without success .
and if you make it , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i wonder today , how much his vision of me as a strong and powerful young girl has shaped my way , and i could imagine myself as one of nature of a strong , strong , strong , and powerful human being .
it 's just an example of many , as adults in the history of a child can inspire the imagination of a child .
but as the already proven examples of the most extraordinary , our language does not allow us to imagine a room that we would all wish to make it possible for each and every one of us to see ourselves as human beings .
our language lacks the social changes that have been caused by a significant change in many cases .
so , perhaps , in this more clear , the more clear and more clear , that there has always been a different truth , because that every human being in society can give a very , very , very , very , and that the human ability to adapt to our greatest .
but the truth is , we change , of course , we are marked by the challenge , whether she is physically , emotionally or even both .
and i say that 's good .
there is no obstacle that we must fight to get better with our lives .
odds are simply part of our lives .
and i tend to see adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he 's a very present , sometimes he 's barely visible , but he 's always with me .
and i do not want to do with it the effect or the severity of a human being .
there are odds and challenges in life and challenges , and they are only real and every person is different about it , but the question isn 't whether we can deal with odds or not , but how we can handle it .
so , we are not only responsible for keeping the people we love from the people we love , but to prepare them to do well with it .
and we don 't do our children any favors if we make them feel like they can 't adapt .
you have to separate two things clearly , to one the medical fact of being amputated and to the other , the social opinion of whether i 'm disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and permanent handicap that i had to deal with is that the world keeps saying that she can describe me with these , uh ...
maybe the current concept that only cares about what 's broken in one , and how we fix it , for each and every one , is a greater handicap than the pathology itself .
if we don 't treat a human being not to treat a human being , and not perceive all his powers and possibilities , we can , in addition to the natural struggle they may have to lead , create another disease .
we have a man who has a value for our society .
so we have to look beyond the point of view and focus on all the areas of human possibilities .
the most important thing is that there is a connection between the perception of our brain and our great host .
we should not deny these times of the past or deny , we should not try to avoid them , or should we turn them under the carpet , but it 's about to see the odds .
it might be more about me to make it clear that we don 't have to overcome the odds , but that we are open to embrace them , to grab them by the hair to use one of the dancing and maybe even dance with it .
and maybe we can make it possible to see adversity as something natural , more useful and useful and not feel so burdened by their presence .
this year we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed out something very true in human character .
i would so describe it , not the strongest of his kind survive , and not the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt to change .
from conflict comes creativity .
not only from the work we know that the ability of man to survive and to survive and to survive from the battle of the human mind is destined to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adjustment are the greatest skills of man .
and maybe we don 't know what wood we 're made of until we 're really tested .
perhaps that is precisely the meaning of adversity , an perception of me , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can give a new set of odds that go beyond difficult times .
maybe we can see adversity as a change .
odds are for a change we haven 't adjusted yet .
i think the biggest damage we 've done to ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
who 's normal ?
there is no normal .
but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor , gray person if she really existed ?
i don 't think so .
we have found out that we humans of the members of our society have always claimed one thing to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , have worn older people and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened because the life experience in the history of these people was valuable to society :
they didn 't consider these people broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and precious .
a couple of years ago , i went to the city where i was raised in a village in that red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was standing there in front of a tomato .
it was summer and i wore shorts .
and i hear a guy saying , " well , if that 's not aimee mullins . "
i had no idea who he was .
and i said , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you should hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her from her mother 's belly . "
oh , that one .
and , of course , it just clicked .
that was dr. , a man i only knew from my mother 's stories about this day , because , of course , i was typical of being late for my birthday for two weeks .
my mother 's doctor was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , not at all .
and because i was born without a shadow of death , and my feet had turned to them , and i only had a few toes on this one and a few toes on the other foot , he was the messenger , this stranger had to deliver the bad news .
and he called this part of his class the x factor , the potential of the human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be for the life of a human being .
you see , dr .
he understood that the medical diagnosis , and how someone handling it is two different things .
and i also changed my mind in the course of time when you asked me at the age of 15 years , if i had switched my limbs for flesh and bone , i wouldn 't have hesitated for a second .
i really wanted to seem normal back then .
if you ask me today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's what happened because i experienced something with my legs and not in spite of these experiences .
and maybe this change could happen , too , because i 've met so many people who have opened doors to me instead of meeting people who tried to narrow me down or try to give me a performance .
you see , it really only takes one person to show you how to control your powers , and you 're through .
if you can get someone to activate their own inner powers , the human spirit is so powerful , if you can do that and open a door for someone in a crucial moment , you 're a very good teacher to these people .
they teach them to open their own doors .
the real meaning of the word " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
it means something a little more profound that in one is that the potential is in .
again , what potential do we wish to access ?
in the ' 60s , in the uk , in britain , there was a time period in britain , and in the time of the year , in the ' 60s , in the year of the year , there was a change in the world .
they call it that there , " the united states " in the united states , we call it " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " " the " " the " the " the " the " " " " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " "
the students will be divided according to grades .
and the " a " student will be tested harder and harder , the better teachers will get better teachers .
they then gave them over a period of time with a " sufficient " the note " very good " , and they were told they were aces that they were very smart , and after those three months they really wrote .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that , in the other hand , they were told that they were only sufficient .
and that 's how it was after the three months .
but only those who were still in school except for the students who had thrown out of school .
the most crucial part of this study was that the teachers were not privy .
the teachers didn 't know something was changed .
they were simply told that the students are sufficient with the grade , and that 's exactly what they taught them and treated them .
the only real handicap is a broken spirit a broken spirit that has been broken , has no hope , and he finds nothing more profound , he lacks our natural , childish , and our ability to control .
but if we can , however , support the human spirit , continue to hope to continue to find ourselves and other people around , to find themselves beautiful , to be curious , and then we will really put our powers in a positive .
if a ghost has these qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you want to be better than you are right now ?
suppose i said that , with a few changes of your genes , a better memory could have more precise , more precise and faster .
or would you like to be stronger , stronger , more strength .
would you like to be more attractive and more confident ?
how about living with good health longer ?
or maybe you 're one of those who 's always been more creative .
which one would you like the most ?
what would you like to have if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably about as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what 's wrong with you ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one of them , it would be a whole different world .
is this all just a fantasy ?
or is it possible ?
the evolution of evolution has been a most unusual subject here on the planet earth , but today i would like to give you the opinion of a doctor on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , in the 20th century , was also a member of the russian church , once wrote an essay with the title " nothing in biology makes no sense but in the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , consider this , is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for others , or does it concern us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of this , in the end , is of course what we are most interested in .
we branches of a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in that time period , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of , like , 20 or 25 different types of , uh ...
some have come and gone .
we 've been here for over 130,000 years .
it seems we are rather remote from the other parts of the tree of life , but in the most part , the basic mechanisms are pretty much the same .
do you realize that we can use it to use it , and we can use the mechanisms of a common brain to produce the protein of the human brain which is used to treat diabetic ?
this is not like , " this is the same protein , which is chemically transmitted from what comes from the pancreas . "
and speaking of bacteria , do you realize that each one of us in our bowels is more bacteria than it is in the rest of our body ?
maybe ten times .
i mean , do you think , if you think , if antonio is asking about your brain chemistry , do you think about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a perfectly healthy environment for these bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will offer them all the nutrients they could only wish for without effort .
it 's really a really easy way for bacteria , with the occasional interruptions of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
but otherwise , you are a wonderful environment for these bacteria , just as important to your life .
you are helping with the digestion of the brain cells and you protect them against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in some kind of , uh , balanced balance in the form of a brain ?
or are we to be something else - something that might even be better adjusted to the environment ?
in this vast , the symphony of the universe , life on the earth is only short measure , like a beat , and a single human life , a little bit of a struggle .
we were .
this also represents this speech , which is why i hope d ace liked it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first class .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i put on something very profound , most of which , the existence of life in the living organisms , share every cell , and all the genetic information of the cell in the cell remains .
but at the time , when the organisms appeared , things began to change .
sexual reproduction occurs in the picture .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the genome will become expendable .
in fact , in fact , you could say that the death of our body in evolution at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i have come to understand the feelings of george burns , who , in las vegas , is putting his show in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he opens the door .
in front of him , there is a very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
she looks at him and she says , " i 'm here to see you . "
" this is wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the realization that as a doctor , that i was different from the purpose of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , only different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health to a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the history of the world war to the next generation , adjustment and survival generation after generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are developed like booster missiles to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to drop into the sea .
i think we would all understand the mood that led woody allen to understand when he said , " i don 't want to reach immortality through my work .
i want to reach it by not dying . "
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean to prefer the longest life .
it doesn 't necessarily affect the greatest , the strongest or the fastest , not even the smartest .
evolution , the creatures that are best suited to their environment .
it is the only test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria , which are , by the means of the hot steam , otherwise , if the fish were there , it would have cooked fish to follow , they still managed to make an environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some kind of balance .
and the reasons for that we were first through medicine , managed to get a lot of genes that otherwise would have been drained and removed from the population .
and secondly , we as an environmental group have configured our environment so that we have managed to adapt to each other just as we adapt to them .
and by the way , we are hiking , we are hiking , and we are mixing so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to survive .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , by the powers of nature .
and the point is , here would be the wheels of evolution slowly , but they are relentless .
and as far as the isolation goes , as we as a species of distant planets , there will be insulation and the changes of the environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third possibility , a more fascinating and terrifying possibility
i call it- - the new development that isn 't just natural , but led and decided by us as a leader in the decisions we make .
well , how did this happen ?
how could it be possible we could do this ?
let 's face the reality that people today , in some cultures , make decisions about their descendants .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it 's not very good for society , but it 's what the one and the family decide .
so you think , if it wasn 't only possible to choose your child 's sex , but also to make genetic adjustments to the body that would prevent disease and cure .
what if they could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or reduce the loss of the brain tissue or bone cancer ?
wouldn 't you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we move forward , this kind of change will be able to do more and more .
in the year of 1990 , the human genome project began and it lasted 13 years .
it cost $ 200,000 billion .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , you could do the same thing for $ 20 million in the amount of four months .
today , you can set a sequence of the three billion of the human brain cells for a price of about $ 20,000 and into the room of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality will be that there will be the $ 1,000 human rights , and it will be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that the human insulin produces in bacteria can create viruses that can not only protect themselves , but can also serve immunity against other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in the gang with a vaccine used in the cells of a chemical plant .
can you imagine anything good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future , much more will be possible .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if they could change the sperm and eggs or the fresh egg , to give their children a better chance for a better life for a better way of removing the diabetes , reduce the risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want to have children ?
and then the most advanced technology , the same engine of science that can allow the changes to prevent disease , could also allow us to say goodbye to the , the better memory .
why don 't you have a ken jennings ' favorite , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the world ?
why don 't you have the fast ones that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why no longer live ?
these will be irresistible .
and when we are in a place where we can pass it to the next generation , and we can adopt the most powerful we want , we will be converted to the most advanced evolution of the world .
we will have a process that , in the course , may require 100,000 years , and we can take it back to a thousand years and maybe even for the next 100 years .
these are decisions your grandchildren or their grandchildren must be dealt with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that is better , the more successful , the more friendly ?
or are we going to choose a different kind of a different kind that we want for some of us and not for others ?
are we going to form a society , form a society , form a society , or is it , or are we going to form a society , or are we going to form a society , or are we going to form a society ?
these are the kind of questions we need to meet .
and on the deepest of all , will we ever be able to develop the wisdom and master the wisdom we will need to make these decisions ?
in the good as in evil , and sooner than you may think , these decisions will be on us .
thank you .
i want you to think of something now , a portable robot that gives you superhuman skills , or someone else who can help you get up and go .
we at the berkeley university , we call these robots " the robot " .
they 're nothing but something they put on in the morning and that gives them extra strength , and that will increase their speed and that will help them hold their balance for example .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only is it not only that it will merge with the universe and other equipment out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we 're starting to talk about the american soldier who wears about 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request for you to wear more equipment .
of course , this will lead to some significant complications of the late , 30 % of which is chronic lung disease .
so we figured that we would accept this challenge and create an act that would help deal with this problem .
so let me present to you now , or the human universal carrier .
i can carry 200 pounds of land , for many hours .
his original design allows it to sit deep , crawl , and carry out most powerful movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go , and then increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this device to our chief of staff , this new business project this year .
so it 's true .
now , let us now look at our look at the , uh ... something that i find particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people who are in a wheelchair in the world .
that 's , like , a percent of the brain cells .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people here who have been met here in the early stages of their lives , 20 , 30 , ' 40s , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the population of the population of the population , whose number has been increased .
and pretty much the only option is if it 's about a cocktail party or other complications is the wheelchair .
and so , by the way , for 500 years , since his , as i have to say , is a very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in the area of mobility .
now , let me introduce to you now , that is worn by amanda amanda vanderwaal , who suffered a heart attack 19 years ago , who has the result that she has not been walking for 19 years and now .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it has sensors
his fully equipped sensors in the crutches , the signals on our sensor array which is attached to your back .
and here are also the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh ,
i was 24 , 24 years old , and in the best of the best , than a very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very much .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement beneath my back .
not long after a doctor walked into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never be able to leave . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every shred of hope from my consciousness .
i 've been learning to ski again , climbing and even riding with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go again until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the power to meet and discuss with you .
it is in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations , not only for the soldiers , or for all of us here and amanda , but for all .
thank you .
back home in new york , i am head of the world 's largest organization called robin hood .
if i don 't fight the poverty , i will fight as an assistant to a volunteer to fight the fire .
well , in our town , in which volunteers have supported a more effective military policy , you have to be on the top floor pretty early to get involved .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the academy , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the responsible captain and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he had just had a very serious conversation with the chief of staff , who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night , and she was standing in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella outside in the wet rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteers , who had arrived close before me , we call him lex luther , the first to reach the captain , and was asked to go to the house and rescue the dog of the king .
i was speechless with envy .
there was a lawyer or a lawyer who was now , for the rest of his life , who was able to tell people that he went into a burning house to save a living creature just because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me to him .
he said , " you must go to the house .
you must go upstairs , past the fire , and have to get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking now , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down , where i met my nemesis at the front door and the beloved dog .
we carried our treasures to the outside to the palace , where , not surprising , received his much more attention than mine .
a couple of weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the police department , where they took the brave action to save their house .
one , above all , valued kindness , someone even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and in my profession as a volunteer fireman , i am a witness to generosity and kindness on the great scale , but i also see the deeds of charity and charity .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so if i look around in this room and i see people who either have achieved a significant success or are on their way there , i would like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in another 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve in a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a man 's life , but every day offers us the opportunity to change one .
so go ahead , save your shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i have just come back from a community who knows the secret of humanity 's secret .
a place where women lead the scepter , say hello to sex and play the day where fun is a serious matter .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of the wild forest of congo .
we are together with chimpanzees our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , a grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect in the story of human evolution .
but the other side of the medal
while chimpanzees are led by big , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary , scary guys are led by the most beautiful female .
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to a very sophisticated society , where lethal violence has not yet been observed .
but unfortunately , the least known among the primates are the most known .
they live in the depths of the valley of the shadow of death , and they are very difficult to observe .
it is a paradox that is a country of extraordinary beauty and beauty , but also the heart of the darkness itself , the scene of a violent confrontation that has been spreading for decades and so many lives as the first world war .
it is not surprising that this destruction also threatens the survival of the fittest .
you can 't even fill a stadium with the passengers , and even there we are not sure to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a laughing laugh that the trees shake .
who are these relatives ?
we know you as " love instead of war , " because you have , as well , sexual sex , with partners , and rules of conflict and social welfare .
i 'm not saying , that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the world is more than the kama sutra .
- --
the game doesn 't just mean a game .
for us , and she is a game of principle for the commitment of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game increases creativity and creativity , and it 's mostly about the variety of variety of interactions , variety of habits , variety of connections .
and when you watch the game , you see the most beautiful of the most beautiful human laughter , dance and ritual .
game is the kitt that 's been playing us .
well , i don 't know how you play , but i want to show you some unique footage from the wild .
first , there 's a football team on the east side , and i 'm not thinking soccer .
so this is where we see a young female and male in the middle of a mountain .
look what she 's doing .
that could be the origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
just that i think he likes it more , doesn 't he ?
yes !
so it is said that they are common , both of them , both of them .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms that some of which are a little more calm , more curious , perhaps curious to discover the surprise again .
and i would like to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think , just like you , we sometimes play alone , and we have been exploring the limits of our inner and outer worlds .
and it is this curious curiosity that allows us to research and interact , and the unexpected , unexpected , the we are forming are the real , the true , the creative .
this is just a little taste of the insight that will allow us into our past and present .
but they also keep a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to growing challenges , by greater creativity and more powerful cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our favorite game .
in order to successfully adapt to a world that we must play .
but are we going to do the best we can from our home ?
game 's not silly ,
but it 's a matter of taste .
for men and women alike , life is not made of teeth and claws alone .
just when it hardly seems appropriate , maybe game is the most appropriate .
and therefore , my dear , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together , while we play the creativity the camaraderie and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to meet two couples , middle 1979 , the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each one shows a baby okay .
so two couples , each shows a baby .
now , i don 't want you to use too much time to imagine that you 're going to have to , because , you know , when you introduce yourself to the , you won 't listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , you imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing an " a " a " y " that meets the " x " in the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
and in the other case , the sperm is wearing an " x " that hits on the " x " of the " x " of the " s " .
both of them , they 're both light , both light .
we 'll come back to these people later .
most of my work , i have two hats .
under a hat , i deal with the history of the anatomy .
in this case , i am a study of human anatomy , and in this case , i am studying how people with anatomy are called the human body , the animal body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body , the body ,
the other hat i used to wear at my work , is the one of the most beautiful , as the " -- " or " -- " -- " -- " as " the occasional " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " the " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
in this case , i have been working with people who have , in fact , asked social standards .
that 's how i worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in a body .
i 've been working with people who have been working with people who are more than usual .
and many times , i have worked with the people of the world , whose sex is , so people who don 't have the average male male male or female sex .
and as a general term , we can use the word " a " for it .
it 's in many different forms .
i 'm just giving you a couple of examples of the possible types of animal rights that don 't match the male or female standard .
in a case , you might have someone with a more serious brain disease , and the most powerful gene of the " y " is making the most of which we all have , to grow testicles .
and that 's why the testicles are dropping testosterone at the arctic stadium .
but because because this individual lacks the ability to see the testosterone , the body does not respond to the testosterone .
and that 's what they call a " a " .
so much testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body is more evolved to follow the female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl .
but it takes most of the time to reach puberty and grow her breasts and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone comes to think that there 's something else here .
and they run some tests , and they find out that instead of the womb , she actually wears testicles in her , and that she has a " y " .
it 's important to understand that you could actually think this person is male , but they 're not really .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that is known as " a " .
you are in the back part of our body .
and the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the
most women , as i believe i am a typical woman , i don 't know my actual sex life , but i think i probably have the most typical woman i actually speak of on the subject .
we 're making a film , and we 're going to talk to the people on the radio .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain that was exposed to more than a woman born with testicles and has a heart attack .
so , sex is really complicated , because , in the middle of the sex of sex in a certain way , they can be spread across the bandwidth ,
he had an extreme form of a congenital heart disease .
and in the womb , in the womb , he was so highly active , that in the essence , they were creating a male organ donor .
and as a consequence , his genitals became male , his brain was exposed to the most violent male part of the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy , nobody knew anything .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because inside , he found out that the doctors found out he was female inside .
okay , just one more quick example for a version of a ...
some people with advanced chromosomes , are developing something called a " a " , " which is a " of a " , " which is , in fact , " which is , uh , " which is , uh , "
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason why children with this kind of body is that it would be more powerful or siamese twins , if it were often adapted by surgeons to the norm is not because this would be for their physical health advantage .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why there are many different types of surgical procedures on you is because they threaten our social categories .
our system is based on the idea that a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a certain , uh , a ... a certain , uh , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a certain , a certain
so we have the concept that being a woman is to have a female identity , is to be a black person , supposedly have an african anatomy in regard to your own history .
so , we have this terrible , horrible , horrible , horrible idea .
and when we are confronted with a body that actually represents something very different to us , it confuses us in the light of these .
so , in our culture , we have a lot of romantic ideas about animal agriculture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of a very romantic concept .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born two people in a body ,
since i had experienced most of the excitement in the past few years , the most terrifying caster caster caster caster caster caster , whose sex in berlin has been questioned last year .
many journalists have called me with the question , " what test will you do , who will tell us if caster is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalist that there is no such test .
we now know that sex is complicated enough that we must admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and female , and female and female and female , we are , of course , pretending to be that .
and that is not only about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our chief resident .
with our security teams , we 'll be in all possible designated areas .
for example , the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna with chimpanzees .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we are just different from them by a few of them ?
while we continue to continue our science , we come to a more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more slowly into a zone where we have to acknowledge that the most fundamental categories we probably had are too simple .
we see this in all possible areas of human life .
one of the areas where we see this to the end of our today 's culture , in today 's united states , the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about which point a body becomes human , so that he has a different right to live in other life .
we have very difficult arguments these days , perhaps not as publicly as in the medicine about when someone is dead .
our ancestors used to never have been so hard to fight with the question when someone was dead .
you 've only held a feather under someone 's nose , and if she moved , you haven 't buried her yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today , we are in a situation where we extract people 's vital organs and want to bring them to other people .
and as a result , we get caught in the fight with the really hard question when someone is dead , and that puts us in a really difficult situation where we don 't have as simple as we used to .
now , you could assume that the whole collapse of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i 'm political , i am political , i defend people with unusual bodies , but i must admit , it makes me nervous .
to realize that these categories are really much more profound than we thought , that makes me tense .
and it makes me tense about thinking about democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first confess that i am a great fan of the world 's greatest .
i know that you were a student , i know you were a student , but you were great .
i think that you were so brave and strong , and so radical , in what you did , that every few years , i 've been looking at the musical , and it 's not because of the music that is absolutely to forget .
it 's because of what happened to the people who did it with the people .
from my point of view , the original most wanted activists , that 's why .
what she was , she was a brilliant concept , and they replaced it with another radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very sophisticated concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on the dna , but they had a concept of the dna .
they had a concept of blue blood .
you were the sense that people who had political power should have this political power , because of the most powerful bloodline of grandfather to the father and so forth .
in the ' 70s , this idea was returned and replaced by a new concept , and this concept said that all humans were created equal .
they took the field and they decided that , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the
now , they made this part because they were part of a system that two things shared together .
democracy grew up , but at the same time , science grew up .
when you look at the history of science , it is clear that many of you have been very interested in science , and you were interested in a concept of a world that has been born .
they went away from explanations of the most mysterious ways , and they cast things , like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transmission was based on a very vague , very vague form of birthright .
they moved to a moving concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
they do not speak of god and nature of god .
you 're talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , she gave us a concept that was a common concept .
and with that , you have prepared the most wonderful and wonderful of the future .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women have succeeded .
the next next , the success of the world , where we saw people like the most honest truth that came across , " am i not a woman ? "
we 'll find men in the most beautiful rows of the people who say , " i am a man . "
once again , people of different color , which , in a way , are called in a different form of common differences , again , successful .
we 'll see the same thing at the school .
of course , the problem is that as we begin to look at all the similarities , we must begin to question why we must maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i would like to maintain certain breakups , to be seen in our culture .
i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say that we should take a long distance from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that i should have the right to give her consent to sex or to marry .
so , there are some , uh , some , uh ... some , uh ... some , uh ... some , uh , ... some , uh ... some ... some , uh ... some ... some ... some , uh , ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ... some ...
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and whether it makes sense .
so let 's come back to those two creatures who were conceived at the beginning of the war .
we fathered two creatures , both in the middle of 1979 the same day .
let 's imagine that one of them , maria , was born three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born to the king of england , born on march 1 , 1980 ,
just because of the fact that maria was born three months early , she will receive all possible rights three months before heinrich the right to have the right to choose the right to drink the right .
heinrich must wait for all of this , not because he actually has another biological age , only because of his birth .
we 'll find some other information regarding what your rights are .
heinrich , since you assume that he is a male , although i have not told you that he is the one with a " a " , since you assume that he is a male , he can be moved in now , which maria has no need to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot perceive the same right in all states that heinrich has in all the states , to marry the right .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so we have these permanent , permanent categories that are in many ways problematic and questionable .
and for me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our science has made such progress in the area of the anatomy , that we reach a point where we have to admit that a democracy that could be based on the anatomy ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , sometimes it feels like science makes itself independent .
so where are we going ?
it seems that our culture is taking some kind of a more aggressive attitude , " well , we have to draw a line somewhere , so we move it somewhere . "
but a lot of people are caught in a very strange position .
so , for example , texas decided at one point that marrying a man means that you don 't have a " y " and marrying a woman means you have a " y " y " .
now , in the practice , people don 't get tested for their brain cells .
but it 's also very bizarre , because of the story that i told you about the first time in the year .
when we look at one of the modern democracy 's most modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream speech " a way to solve .
he says we shouldn 't judge people by their color , but according to the quality of their character , and so beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in the office ?
how do you judge people based on their judgment ?
i would like to say that i probably also know some of the bright , capable , capable , capable , capable , capable of making decisions about their sexual relationships as some of the most powerful i know .
so how are we supposed to question the nature of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that could be seen in the future by the future of the future , with the ability to see it ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is the leader of thinking about the questions of democracy .
in our effort for democracy , we have done our cause really well , and i think we would do our cause well in the future .
conditions of this kind do not exist with us .
i 'm glad to be able to say that we don 't have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who brought some siamese twins here to separate them , to make a name .
i told him , " now you have considered political asylum instead of an operation to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunities to allow people to be who they are without having to change for the state 's will .
that 's why i think we must be the leader .
well , just to close , i 'd like to see that i have spoken a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy could look like , or look if we had more involved with the mothers .
and i would like to say something that is a little radical for a brain matter , and i think that there could be different kinds of insight that could be from different kinds of different types of anatomy , if people use a brain scan .
for years , since i 've been interested in the financial industry ,
and one of the things i really found interesting is the difference between men and women in ways that they think and operate in the world .
what we have learned from what we have learned from what is that women , on average , are not everyone , but on the average , more complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable in the group , tend to give too much attention .
and so , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was doing a dance class , one of my favorite dancers , who knew my interest in -- i thought of myself as a dance teacher , so do a really weird question .
he said , " tell me what the most feminine is . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the stupidest question i 've ever heard .
it 's about breaking off clichs about sex , which is why there is no female in the sex world .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something female in the women 's room .
that is to say that there may be something on the average , which makes female brains different from male male male , which makes us more attentive to social relationships , and more careful to provide for the world .
and maybe that 's where we have to go in the future if we think democracy over anatomy beyond the individual body is less about identity and more about relationships .
so that when we try to make a more meaningful connection as people , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i will make a very public confession , and that is , i am obsessed with outfits .
i love to , for every opportunity , to find a different , crazy outfit , to wear , and , lately , to photograph and to look back .
but i don 't buy anything new .
i get all my clothes from the second hand on the back and in the back .
ooh , thank you .
i am allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and also the influence of my purse .
i meet all sorts of great people , my dollars usually serve a good cause ; i look pretty unique , and it makes shopping for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i 've won .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week at ted 's .
i mean , what does someone bring with so many outfits ?
so i will show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of panties and that 's all .
panties for exactly one week are all i put in my suitcase .
i bet i 'd find anything else i might want to wear if i came to palm springs first .
and since you haven 't heard from me as the woman who 's walking around with ted in her underwear , that means i found some things .
and i really want to show you my outfits for this week .
does that sound good ?
while i do , i will also give you some of the lessons i , whether you believe it or not , have learned from these adventures , not to wear anything new .
let 's start with sunday .
i call that the shining tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 dollars .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 and it was the most expensive piece i 've been wearing all week .
monday , color is a bit of a color .
it 's almost impossible to be in a bad mood when you wear your pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
tuesday : adaptation is totally overrated .
i 've spent a lot of time of my life trying to be myself and to adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
if you surround yourself with the right people , you will not only understand , you will also appreciate it .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me that i look like i 'm playing " disguise " or that i remind you of your favorite music .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
thursday , confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost safe .
and if you think you don 't look good in something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me day after day .
but only when i turned 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i will summarize this for you .
if you think you 're a wonderful person inside and out , there 's nothing you can 't wear .
so there is no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal truth - - five words - - - gold words match everything .
and in the end , saturday , to develop a unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without saying a word .
it was always proved to me over and over again , when people came to me this week , just because of what i was wearing and i had great conversations .
obviously , it won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i 'm going to donate it all back .
because the lesson that i myself try to learn this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to do this thing emotionally , because right around the corner , there 's always gonna be another crazy , crazy , shiny , shining outfit that only waits for me when i have a little love in my heart and find it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everybody .
i have something here i want to show you .
think of this as a sea dragon , as a flying dragon .
that 's what we call in our lab , the most sophisticated design .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
a while ago , it was that if you wanted to win a formula 1 , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
this is what you would call a " a " a " in " a " in " a " a " a " .
and basically , it 's a system that is made of two parts - - one of the most powerful parts and a half .
what is interesting these days is the beginning of our lives to show up .
our cities have been , in the last few years , just equipped with the most sophisticated and electronics .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer in the open , they begin to react in other ways , they are perceived and driven .
when we set up towns , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the global population live there .
they are 75 % of the core - causing to 80 % of the co2 emissions .
so if we do something about the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities beyond the cities , all of this is drawing and pushing in objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition that is the one that is the one that is the one that is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who organized the one who is the one who is .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , begin to speak back to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost as if every atom out there will become both , a sensor and a sensor .
and that changes radical the interaction that we humans have with our environment outside .
in a way , it 's almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...
well , today , our environment begins for the first time to answer us .
i will only show you some examples - - again , with the idea to see our environment and to look around .
let us begin to perceive .
now , the first project i would like to present to you is in fact one of the first of our lab .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
the summer was a happy summer - 2006 .
it was when italy won the winning lottery .
some of you will remember , it was when italy played against france , and then at the end of the day , at the end of the day , the king .
and anyway , italy has won at the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity that happens in the network .
here you see the city .
you see in the middle of the colosseum , the river of the north .
the morning before the game .
you 're looking at the front door .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game starts - silence .
france makes a gate .
halftime , people make a short call , go to the bathroom .
second half , end of the normal season .
first extension , second .
in a moment of the war .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went to the center to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went to the center to meet the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square , massimo , where , since the roman time , people go to the party to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't do it a few years ago .
it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
well , nowadays we know all about where our things come from .
this is a map that shows you all the chips from which a mac computer consists of how they came together .
but we don 't know much about where things go .
so in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the garbage while it goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who helped us , a little more than a year ago , helped in seattle , to mark the things that they were doing - different kinds of things - - - - - - - - like they would throw away things anyway .
then we got the little chips , the little stamps , taped to the garbage and started chasing him .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with this information , we have discovered that there are a lot of energy in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data wasn 't available before .
but that 's what happens a lot of reckless transports and complicated things .
the other thing is , we believe that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
and we still throw away every day .
and if we were to show this to the people , then we can move on to a power source .
so that 's the reason for this project .
and the first project is something that we did a few years ago in spain .
it started with a question of the mayor , who came to us and said that spain and spain have a beautiful tradition to use in public places as part of the architecture .
and the question was , how could you connect technology , new technology with it ?
and one of the ideas that was investigated in a nuclear reactor was , imagine those tubes , and valves , the valves , the doors opening and closing .
they 're causing something like a sea lion with a sea of water .
if these , if you can write , you can write patterns , images , lines .
and you can approach him , and he will open himself up to make you look at the way you can see in this picture .
well , we 've introduced the mayor , the mayor , the mayor .
he liked it very much .
and we got the order to design a building at the expo entrance .
we used to call it the digital water .
the whole building was made of water .
there are no doors or windows , but if they approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was covered with water , too .
and if it 's windy , if you want to lower the syringe , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture is almost gone .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who wonders what happens inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not get wet .
well , if i should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , it was a much more fun that night .
all the children from the city came to the building because the way they played with the building was different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had breaks and holes in the water , you had to jump without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as an architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people use the things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that is the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here is now a picture of the building with the physical characteristics of water and the projections on it .
and this is what brought us to think about the following project i 'm about to show you .
imagine if you could really start to fly in front of those sea creatures .
imagine if you could have little helicopters flying through the air , and each one of you with a little bit of light , almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others completely in sync .
you can have this cloud .
you can have some kind of visual screen or an ad , like this - - - a formation in two dimensions .
or irregular , but in three dimensions where what changes is the light , not the position of the light .
you can play with different ways .
imagine , in front of the screen , it could just appear in different sizes or sizes in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could just be a 3-d cloud that you can walk into and move through which you can look through , from many , many ways .
here , you see a real , real , real , real , real , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh ...
if you turn on the light , it looks like it , just like we saw before .
imagine that every single one of people is controlled .
it could have an impulse that comes from people 's movements or something .
i want to show you something first .
we 've been working with roberto , working with one of the best of our time - - the most brilliant at the metropolitan theater in new york , and in milan - - we 've recorded his movements in 3-d to use it as an impulse to use it as an impulse .
here you see roberto dancing .
on the left side , you see the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the
it 's also a ... it 's a ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it
so that you can understand the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we have all the star charts , they can play with it and play with the color of motion gravity and gravity .
we would like to use that as a possible impulse to use it as a possible pulse for the warp core .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we work for the olympics in london .
it 's called the cloud - the cloud .
the idea is , in turn , imagine that we bring the people back in to do something and change the environment - - almost as we call it , how to put a cloud in it , but with a cloud .
imagine that anyone can give a small donation to a charity .
i think that the remarkable of the events of the past few years , the last decades , we have changed from a physical to a digital world .
it 's got it all figured out , you know , and makes it accessible through the internet .
these days , we can for the first time - and the obama campaign has shown this - - we can from the digital world , from the powers of the networks to the physical world .
that can be , in our case , that we use it to create and create a symbol .
it means something built in the city .
but tomorrow , it can , in order to face the coming challenges - - think about climate change or the co2 emissions - how can we change from the world to digital .
so the idea is that we actually include the people in doing things together , the collective .
the cloud is again a cloud in the same way as a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of dust .
it 's a very beautiful structure in london , but covered with a silver lining .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important moments of the olympics in 2012 and in terms of the connection to the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something at which point you can go , like london 's new star .
you can go in .
and some kind of digital lighthouse in the night - - but as a city girl , a new kind of experience for everyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , i care very much about the connection .
through my work , i try to express that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in the antarctica almost 10 years ago , where i saw my first night of my life .
i was in awe .
my heart was pounding , i was dizzy while trying to catch what was in front of me .
and i could only wonder that it was a snowflake on another snowflake , a year by year .
they are born to be born as a calf of a calf or by breaking out of the sea .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact in a distinct way with their environment and experience .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end , while others can no longer stand it , and in a stroke of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , you think easily that they are isolated , separated and alone , as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
while an iceberg is melting , i 'm breathing in its atmosphere .
while the iceberg is melting , he will set free drinking water , which feeds many life forms .
i go to my images of these images as if i make portraits of my ancestors , in the consciousness that in these individual moments , they exist out of this way and will never exist again .
it is not death when they melt , it is not an end , but an end of their struggle along the ridge .
a part of the most beautiful part in the world i 've ever lived in is very young - a few thousand years old .
and a part of the process is more than 100,000 years old .
the last images i 'd like to show you , show you an iceberg that i 've been running around in greenland .
very rare , in fact , you are to witness a very common iceberg .
here you see it now .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please watch the shape of the iceberg and where it is at the front door .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat moved to the other side , the man is standing there .
it 's the average size of a shoe .
he sticks about 120 feet out of the water or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly truly blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but with the coolest thing i 've ever worked on , it was about this guy .
his name is ...
in the ' 80s .
then one day , he came back from walking and said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the outbreak of the outbreak .
it 's a completely paralyzed day .
he can only use his eyes .
i stood opposite him .
i have a company that makes design and design , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art industry .
we have therefore decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we will give you this money ,
what are you gonna do with it ? "
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to get back with him , and i said , " wait a minute , isn 't that - - i 've seen stephen hawking - - can 't all the people who are communicating with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you listen to the higher and have a remarkable insurance policy , you can really do that .
normal people are not accessible to these devices . "
and i said , " how do you communicate now ? "
has anyone seen the " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run along .
i 'm like , " i 'm a big fan , how can that be ? "
so i came with the need to just write a check , and instead i put out a check i didn 't have the faintest idea how to cash it .
because it is a farce that someone who still carries all of this still cannot communicate . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i 've met these people from the graffiti research research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then draw with a remote access to it , only the negative surface .
so , you move around and you make like these .
they say that all the things that are being reported up there are consequences to one of the most important things .
it starts with the magic words , then the swearing come , and the last thing people do is art .
but there 's always been a ... there 's always been a ... there 's always been a ...
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did some things .
first of all , we 've got the insurance company to lock the doors , and we 've actually got a machine to communicate with - - - a stephen .
that was incredible .
and he 's really funny - - i call him yoda , because you talk to him , or get an e-mail , and he thinks , " i am so unworthy , this guy is incredible . "
besides , we have flown in seven programmers from all over the world , literally from all the corners of the world to our home .
my wife , my children , and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and the programmers and programmers and anarchists took over our house .
many of our friends thought we were pretty stupid to do that , and that we would have left all the pictures on the walls .
but for over two weeks , we 've been programmed , we went to the art institute in venice , my children were included , my dog , and we did this .
it 's called " a " word and you can see the description .
this is a cheap pair of sunglasses that we bought at the town hall of venice , something a little more and a couple of things from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a security camera , we got you , we put you on a computer program , and now we have a device that 's available - - you can build it yourself , we set the code free to download the software for free .
so we created a device that is completely free of restrictions .
there 's no insurance policy that can get out ,
no hospital either .
anyone who can actually communicate with their own eyes can communicate or draw .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
at the end of the two weeks , so we went back to the room .
i love this picture because it 's someone else 's room and that 's his room .
there is now all this carnival before the great revelation
and after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of planning , two weeks of vacation days , tony drew again after seven years .
and this is an impressive picture because this is his life support , and he looks beyond his life-support system .
we set his bed so he could look outside .
we 've got a projector set up against a wall of fire outside the hospital .
and he drew again for the first time in the presence of his family and friends and you can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
we had to break into the parking lot , too , so we felt all right as part of the family business .
at the end of the day , he sent us an e-mail with the contents , " for the first time in seven years , i have drawn something .
i have the feeling that i was pushed under water and finally someone grabbed down and raised my head so i could breathe . "
isn 't that amazing ?
it 's kind of like our favorite .
that 's what keeps us at the bar and keeps us going .
and we still have much to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing device , but it 's coming to an instant .
and someone who has such potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since that time , we have received all kinds of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it all comes from our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong ran over us , and then , in december , we were honored by the national committee as one of the 50 greatest inventions of 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest part is - - and that includes the whole circle - - that this april , at the most popular , in downtown los angeles , there will be an exhibit called " art of the streets "
and there 's probably gonna be pretty much the most toughest representatives in the world of the world leaders , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh ,
it 'll be part of the show that 's pretty awesome .
so basically , when you see something that 's impossible , make it possible .
everything in this room was impossible - - this stage , this computer , this microphone , the ... everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - - all of you here .
i 'm not a programmer , and i 've never had anything to do with a computer virus , but i just caught something and surrounded me with amazing people so we could put something on our feet together .
and that question should be asked every one of you , on every single day that you notice something that needs to be done , if not now , when and when i don 't , who does ?
thank you .
so , i write for children , and i 'm most likely america 's most most popular art teacher .
and i always tell people that i don 't want to come like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but no one has ever chosen a farmer .
today , i would like to tell you about circles and circles .
well , an epiphany is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends made it - -
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle began back in the ' 60s in high school , ohio , where i was the ' 70s .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week , until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life using the toilet in the teachers ' lounge .
she secretly did ,
she did it for three years ,
and i had to get out of town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me to san francisco in california - i found a lover - and back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to take a job at the university .
about three or four years ago , i received a call from this teacher , mrs. post , who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sad that we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio and please come with the man i know you found him by now .
" and i should mention that i have some , and that i would like you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for you , we took you there , and we took care of you , and we gave eight to your family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she met me , she turned into a box of ashes and was put in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle and the revelation i was talking about .
the revelation is death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved yours .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i am so glad that this has been mentioned so many times today .
he needs the same - - he needs love and pleasure , and it 's us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a great explosion , while rising to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine an engine , the power of the engine , the power of power , the power of the engine , the power of the engine , the power of power .
that sounds scary .
well , i had a unique place that day , i was sitting on the sidelines .
i was the only one who could talk to the police .
so i looked right at them , and they said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the machine and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot turned off the machine after the hudson river .
it 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
just think of yourself as an airplane .
and then he said three words - - the words i 've ever heard .
he says , " prepare for impact . "
i didn 't have to talk to the police .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i now wish to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
while i was thinking about it later , i remembered a spell called " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to postpone anything in my life .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing that i learned that day , and that was when we took down the george washington bridge , pretty much about - - i thought there was one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i decided to become better in everything i 've ever done .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i regretted the time i wasted for meaningless things with people who mean something .
and i was thinking about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and after thinking about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't had a fight with my wife for two years .
it feels great .
i try not to be right anymore , i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned during the internal clock , " 15 , 14 , 13 , 13 ... "
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please fly in the air . "
i don 't want this thing to break into 20 pieces of the way you know it out of the blue .
while we crash , i had this feeling that dying man is not scary .
almost as if we were preparing for it all our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go , i love my life .
and this sadness is really in a thought that i only want one thing .
i just wish i could see my kids grow up .
about a month after that , i went to see a performance of my daughter - - not much of a talent ...
... not yet .
and i celebrate , i cry like a little child .
and in the world everything made sense to me .
i realized back then , by putting the dots together , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , everything else , is my only goal in life to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift , because to look into the future and to come back and live differently .
my call to anyone who flies today is , imagine the same thing happening on your flight - please don 't - but imagine it and how would you change ?
what would you do that you would delay because you think you 'd be there forever ?
how would you change your relationships and change the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything , are you the best parents you can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the idea behind the ,
we don 't want iran building the bomb .
the most important position there for the development of nuclear weapons is the nuclear power plant in central asia .
the gray boxes you see here , they are the most beautiful .
if we are now able to compromise the systems , which control power and valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don 't run with the same , they 're based on a completely different technology .
but if we can make it possible that a computer computer computer that is being used by a computer device used in order to download this gray box , then we 're in business .
and this is the planning of the past .
so we 'll start with an emergency meeting .
the transfer will be transferred to the gray box , damage the centrifuge , and the iranian transport system is delayed .
it 's a piece of cake , isn 't it ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we began our research on the first six months ago , it was completely unknown , which was the meaning and purpose of this war .
the only thing we knew is very , very , very complicated about the most important part , the most powerful part , he made of a number of countless loose ends .
and it seemed a little more , with these gray boxes , this , uh , the , uh ...
that aroused our attention , and we began a highly sophisticated project where we began our environment with infected infected infected infected infected , and we examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
he acted like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese , but didn 't want to eat it .
it made no sense in my eyes .
and after we experimented with different types of cheese , i realized that this was an unprovoked attack .
fully focused on a specific target .
the main event is active in the gray box , when a special configuration is discovered , even if the special program , which is trying to infect it on this target .
and if you don 't , i won 't do anything .
well , that really woke my interest , and we started working with it , almost round the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could , for example , say , an american power plant , or be a power plant in germany .
so we better soon find out what the target is .
so , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , uh , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , we , uh , we , we , we ,
and we also noticed that they were very professional designed by people who obviously had all the information available .
they knew all the military and military forces they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and if you 've already heard that the energy source of the molecular structure is complex and cellular structure , let me tell you , the quantum mechanics are a science to themselves .
it 's far more challenging than anything we 've ever seen .
here you are looking at a cleavage from this code .
we 're talking about , like , 15,000 lines code .
looks kind of like the old , old-fashioned , old , old , old , old , old , old , old ...
and i want to tell you how we were able to be smart from this code .
so the first thing we were looking for was the first thing that we were looking for was a bunch of phone calls because we know what these things do .
and then we went to look for some , uh ... and then we went to look for some , uh ... and we tried to connect this to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we had to have theories about these targets we could prove or refute .
in order to establish these theories , let us remember that it is definitely about sabotage , it has to be a more efficient target , and very likely it is in iran because most of the infections were reported there .
well , there are not several thousand targets in this area .
basically , it 's headed out to the nuclear power plant and to the nuclear power plant in central asia .
so , i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts in all of the experts and experts from our research team . "
and i called her , and i called her and told her to compare her knowledge to what we found in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to connect the little digital warhead to the nuclear device .
this is this moving part in the centrifuge , this black object you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this process , then you 're actually able to crack the control panel , and finally , let the centrifuge explode .
what we also found out is that the target of the attack was actually desperate to let it happen slowly and creepy , obviously , in trying to make sure that they weren 't able to get past it quickly .
the great big digital warhead we 've received a glimpse of ... by getting very specific data and data .
so , for example , the number of " the " " " the number of " the " number " is a very , very , very highly out of this code , you can 't miss it .
i began by creating scientific literature , about how these are built in central africa , and i found out that they are structured in the so-called , uh , scientific literature , and each of which is contained in the most sophisticated , uh , the most sophisticated , the most sophisticated , the most powerful of the books .
so that made sense , it fit together .
and it got even better .
these nuclear weapons in iran are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the hospital ?
almost identical structure .
so again , that was really good together .
and this gave us great confidence for what we were investigating here .
well , don 't get me wrong , that didn 't just happen .
these results have been achieved through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually designed to enter the same target , but from different directions .
the little warhead will take over a nuclear warhead , and it will go up and slow it down , and the great warhead will kick in with six nuclear warheads in interaction and manipulated valves .
so , in the great and all , we are very confident that we actually have what the target is .
it 's just a matter of time , and it 's just a matter of time .
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by a group of men .
here 's something really cool stuff we discovered .
there 's the gray box down there , and up there , you can see the front door .
well , what this thing does is that it 's the incoming readings from sensors to sensors , so for example , of the , uh , and it provides legitimate code that still works during the attack with false data .
and , in fact , this false incoming data from the first time that was recorded .
so , it 's just like the one where in the car chase , while the surveillance camera is being fed with video footage before .
that 's cool , isn 't it ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outwit the control room .
in fact , it 's much more dangerous and more aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital security there where a human security system can 't react fast enough .
so in a power plant , for example , when the great power plant gets too fast , you have to open the door door door to the inside of the city .
of course , this can 't be done by a human brain .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they 're in danger , bad things can happen .
the power plant can explode .
and neither the security cameras nor the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm saying now is very important .
think about it .
he 's got nothing special to do with , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
so , for example , he would work just as well in a floating power plant or in a power plant .
it 's ... it 's ...
and you don 't have to be not as the attacker , you don 't have to put the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh ,
you could also use common technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do that , you will finally get a very , very , very , very , very good .
that is the consequence we must face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for these attacks is not in the middle east .
they are in the united states , in europe and japan .
so , all these green areas , these are the most beautiful of them .
we have to face the consequences and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people suspect that the mossad is behind it .
is that your opinion too ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , the mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so , the driving force behind it is the most powerful of all .
there is only one , and these are the united states of the good fortune , lucky .
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for giving us the creeps .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and kind of dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison very hard .
i 've been working in a tea room dangerous .
i 've been filming hard and dangerous and difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days with nothing but eating this here , fun at the beginning , a little difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so , when i knew that i would come here to look at the world of the great and the world of the great , and i knew that i would do something a little different .
some of you may have heard that i filed an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i got a couple of college kids , some college kids , and i gave people a chance to get the credit card number on my late ' 2011 .
but aside from that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you know how many people look at this ?
a lot .
by the way , it 's just the , you know , the , uh ...
in spite of that warning , i knew that someone would buy the money .
if you had asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't have been able to tell you this with certainty .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new film , we are investigating the world of marketing , advertising .
like i said , over the years , i 've been going into some pretty terrible situations over the years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could arm me , anything as difficult and as dangerous as going into a room with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is to make a movie around the world of the world 's most profitable , marketing and advertising , where the whole film is financed by the world 's most profitable , marketing and advertising .
and the film will be called " the most exciting movie ever pay . "
so what happens in " the most exciting movie ever " is that everything , from up to bottom , from the beginning to the end , is completely by the stamps that you see in the film is the " x " .
now , this brand , the most spectacular stadium , the most spectacular center ...
these people will be linked to the film forever , forever .
and that 's how the film is going to investigate this whole idea of -- that 's what , forever , forever ?
i 'm a very , very , very kind person .
that was more emphasis .
it was " forever forever , forever . "
but not only will we not only have the brand x as a film , but we will make sure that we will sell every possible category in the movie .
so maybe we 'll sell a shoe and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven from " the most famous movie ever pay " the greatest drink you 've ever had , a attention from " the greatest pay ever . "
so the idea is , besides showing that brands are part of life , actually , to get them to finance the movie ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the film is transparency .
you 'll see the whole thing going on in the movie of numbers .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from the beginning to the end .
and i would be happy to see if i could help you make this happen .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how sensitive people will be .
do you have any perspective i don 't want to use " perspective , " because that has a negative , " -- but do you know how this is gonna work ?
how much money is needed to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet you , but i think it 's definitely worth talking to some really known brands .
who knows if the movie comes out , maybe we look like a bunch of idiots .
how do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing about me ?
both .
... means , not so optimistic .
i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which brand .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn the camera off " would mean that we were going to run a video game .
it turns out it actually meant " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just so all these companies disappeared , one by one .
no one wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was surprised .
you didn 't want anything to do with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept of advertising was to present your product as many people as possible , let as many people see it as possible .
especially in today 's world , in this new world of new and old media and the world 's most popular , it is not the idea to be in this new exciting new exciting new , exciting new , exciting new , exciting new , exciting , exciting , exciting news that brings the masses this message .
no , that was what i thought .
but , you see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal mistake , and that was this .
actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture stands for is a problem .
you see , if you enter transparency in the air force , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like the way you do , you know ?
that was the problem : transparency free of deception and deception , simply to discover , and to understand immediately , by the means and access to information , especially as far as the final line is certain the biggest problem .
you know , we are currently hearing a lot about transparency .
our politicians say it , our president says it , even our leaders say it .
but when it comes to the fact that it should be made , something changes .
but why ?
she 's like this weird , weird , weird country road .
and she 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
a whole bowl of cool whip food .
that 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
you see , when i was a child and my father caught me lying and there he sits and he looks at me with that look , he would say , " my son , there are three versions of every story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the true version .
so what they suddenly began to understand , or what i began to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your badge is understood is a problem .
i have friends who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , and i have friends who make little , like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , they say that the reason why their films are so successful is because of the , you have .
and then my friends say , " well , how are we going to compete with these big , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , giant , "
and the film is called " the most exciting movie ever pay . "
so , how exactly are we going to see movie stars ?
every time i get on my way , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , you 'll see the deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , can i say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of these great scents .
or a " paradise misplaced , " you will have the choice .
we will both be equipped for men and women , for women , for women , for women 's party , or a stick , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all of your questions and give you a clear version .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller movies , we 're a brand of a challenger .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so to do things like that , you know , reminds people of --
in what words would you describe the words you would describe ?
i can 't .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone is doing under their armpits .
we speak of bold , fresh .
i think , " fresh " is a great word that that this category really makes something more beautiful , unlike " the smell and the moisture . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh more fresh , better fresh , fresh , three times fresh .
these things have a very delicate effect .
and this is a ...
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who are just like me .
i want you to tell me something about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
woman , ' 80s , ' 80s , is met on the street , except for the main event .
all right , what 's the badge gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is " dark glamour . "
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of black colors , and a lot of them .
but i usually have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
man 2 : the brand i am is , i would say , " the fly is a fly . "
woman 2 : part hippie , yogi yogi , part " i don 't know .
man 3 :
i 'm selling the whole country , the world .
so i think that 's my badge .
this is my brand in my little , uh , industrial industry .
my badge is fedex because i was delivered .
man # 5 : brand brand new writer .
can you do that ?
i 'm a lawyer .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the most charming , but i often see myself on the dark glamour and the most beautiful fly .
and what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone who could get in my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " the " the " the " the " the " the " . "
and that 's how i found a company called the olson national security company .
you 've helped companies like corporate companies , corporate companies , government companies , government employees , to discover these terrorist attacks .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures .
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little bit about how that is connected to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who are the ones who are the ones who make my favorite .
tell me about this world .
i think that the world of your own is the world where you live like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and the work .
all these things come and start from a place , and come to me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
this was the most beautiful day of my life .
in what context is that to the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are strange .
tell me about the " why , " what 's she bringing us ?
what is the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little more about you that aren 't you .
what else did you run through ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what will come of it .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that your two separate sides , but the other side of the side of the side , morgan is , like , a brand-new brand .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction with that .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands do that ?
the first one is a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , too , target , target , rescue team , mini of mini cooper 's and , uh ...
well , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh ... there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's ... there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's , there 's ,
what 's your badge ?
if someone were to ask you to describe your description of your family , what would she be like ?
are you something that will bring the blood into the bloodstream ?
or are you more of a ...
are you something that 's a little quiet , calm , calm , calm , calm ?
it is the things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , adventurous , adventurous , and lovely , and lovely , and lovely , and lovely , and lovely , and lovely , and sweet , and sweet , and sweet , smooth , smooth , smooth , smooth , smooth , smooth , and magical , like gandalf .
or are you more like a dog ?
are you as careful as you are , like 007 ?
are they established , traditional , more traditional , more compassionate , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , family , safe , safe , holy , considered and wise as the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies that were up and down , and the " no " said because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they didn 't want to have anything to do with this film , especially because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of the film , the way we tell the story in this film , that they are used to use the film industry to make the most of the brain in advertising and film .
we were going to sao paulo , which is where we were told not to .
in the entire city , there hasn 't been a tv show in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we were going to a place where companies , in which , in which , their way , their way , are in the schools , all of america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects i got most of the feedback , or where i had the greatest success , are those where i deal with things directly .
and that 's what those stamps did ,
because you hired the middleman , you hired the agencies , and you said that the agencies may not really have your interest in it .
i will deal with the artist directly .
i will work with him and do something completely different , something that makes people think that our world is challenging .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the movie at the sundance movie festival premiere , we can take a look at it .
according to the board of directors , the premiere was in january , and since it 's not even the whole thing , there were 900 million calls from this movie .
this is actually only a period of two and a half weeks .
it 's just online , no press , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
there isn 't even online yet .
he hasn 't come out in other countries yet .
well , in the end , the film has acquired a very large , very large , very large , very large .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every advertising agency we talked to recommended your clients to keep their hands off it .
something i believe in is that when you take your chance , take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing this , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that when you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the entire company to gain a profit .
i have a feeling that we have to encourage people to take risks in the field .
we have to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
after all , at the end of the day , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
a large spoon of each , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
these days , more than ever , a little honesty brings us very far .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk , they welcome transparency , they were presented to you by my good friends of mine , who paid $ 300,000 on ebay .
great data will be turned to great opportunities for organizations all over the world .
" welcome to transparency "
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of the transparency , this , what exactly happened to the $ 100 bill ?
that 's a great question .
i have a check in my pocket in my pocket , issued a check for the bank records of the board of directors , a $ 1 check in the amount of $ 1 , to finance my $ 1 year in the next year .
my name is ...
18 months ago , i did something else on google , and i got excited to do something with museums and art , my boss , who is also today gave me green light .
and it took 18 months .
i can tell you with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - - i 'm not complaining - but i had no access to many museums and those college kids .
when i was traveling and visiting these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this longing - to do art research with technology .
then we formed a team , a great team , and we started this .
i will probably begin with the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since the launch .
so , you just go to the bathroom .
you can look around in all these museums .
there 's the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the ,
i even come to one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you come to two for two , very simple .
you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where you are , bombay , mexico , it doesn 't matter .
you walk around and have fun .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card and jump with a click .
they 're inside , they want to get to the end of the hall .
keep going .
look .
thank you , but the best is still coming .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , most experienced , most of the most beautiful of the world 's most beautiful in the met .
i can see this ...
if the museum gave us the picture , click on it .
this is now one of the images .
this is all the time .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i 'm gonna put this away .
this is one of the images that we 've been holding with the so-called " the " the " the " of the "
this picture , for example , has , like , 10 billion , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion ? "
i will now show you this :
it 's easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around and i realized something was going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i was starting to notice that these kids actually hit something .
i did a little research , talked to some of the people i met at the met , and i actually found out it was a game called , uh , a goose being hit with a stick .
it seemed rather popular .
i don 't know why you did it , but i learned something about it .
to get really close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the overview , i 'll figure it out so you can see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best comes but ... in a second .
let 's jump to the north gate quickly , back to new york .
another one of my favorite things .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see the , uh ...
what if you want to see van gogh create this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom into one of my favorite parts of this picture until i 'm really at the cracks .
it 's not like i 've ever seen it before .
now i will show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have time .
that 's the really cool part , it 's called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " " " " the " the " the " the " the " " the " " " " " " " the " " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
each one of you , everyone - - whether rich or poor , if you have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you can go ahead and build your own museum online from all these pictures you can put on your own collection .
it 's very simple , you go in , and i created this , it means the power of the zoom - - you can move in .
this is the " the envoy " , in the village .
you can send anything with notes , your friends , and you can start a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in conclusion , the main thing for me is that all these wonderful things don 't come from google .
you don 't even come from the museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope that with this digital medium of art , we will live up to it , and you will represent it properly online .
and the biggest question i 've been asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a drug dealer ? "
the answer to that is no .
i want it to supplement the experience .
that 's the point .
thank you .
this is a representation of your brain , your brain can be divided into two halves .
this is the left half , which is the logical side , and then the right half that is the most logical side .
if we had a scale to measure every hemisphere , we could be your brain .
for example , if this someone who is completely logical .
this would be someone completely intuitive .
well , where would you place your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen for one of these extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , their brain looks like this with a high level of energy in both sides .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or something .
you can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , along with most of the other experimental , which requires a good share of logic to add the complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually perform the experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we go out and play with it and then we see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically , they do the same thing .
so one of the most advanced you 've developed over the years is probably that one thing at the same time can only be in one place .
i mean , it can sound weird to think that a thing is in two different places at the same time , but they weren 't born with that idea , they developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a tv show .
he was an infant , not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i 'll bet that playing with the basketball team taught him a very valuable lesson because the great things don 't just let you pass by and that they stay in one place .
and this is a great model of the world , as long as you 're not an art model .
it would be a terrible model for a film festival , because you don 't play with the music , but with these little strange little things .
and when they play with their particles , they set up all sorts of strange things like they fly straight through walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
and that 's how they all wrote down all these observations , and they called it the theory of the theory of the brain .
that was the stand of physics a couple of years ago , it took a long time to describe the little tiny pieces .
but they didn 't need to be described around the big everyday objects around us .
my intuition didn 't like that , and maybe it 's just because i don 't play with particles that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , no one has ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are composed of particles and all these particles follow the rules of the earth , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of the earth ?
i see no reason why that shouldn 't be .
so i would feel more clear about the whole thing , if we could somehow show that , in some way , the rules of the world would follow .
so a few years ago , i made myself do exactly that .
i created one .
this is the first object that you can see that was in the ' 80s .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
this is a picture of the object .
we 're looking right into the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal it 's shaped like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i put this thing in the same way that you make a computer chip .
i went to a clean room with a new set of new equipment , and i spent 100 hours on all the great equipment .
for the last little bit , i had to build my own machine to build this like a swimming pool , and get that thing .
this thing has it 's got the ability to be in the most powerful , but it needs a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all sorts of weird things , but then other people get in , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother them with it , or they just , like , like , like , like , like , like , you know , like , like , like , like , you know , like , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
so , according to the fact that the objects in the universe feel the same way .
it is also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps past them and the heat of the room .
and that 's how we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was acting up , we had to throw out all the metal stuff .
and then we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum and drained the entire air , and then nearly to now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act as it always wanted .
so we measured his movement .
we discovered it was moving really weird .
instead of just that it 's just quiet down there , the way it was , the way it was , it was , like , like , this , like , a ... like , a ... like , a ...
in which we gave him a little nudge , we could set it to vibrate at the same time and not to vibrate , something only allowed in the kitchen .
so what i 'm telling you right now is something truly fantastic .
what does it mean to vibrate an object at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , all the atoms of atoms that have the piece of metal lying still there and at the same time , the same atoms move up and down .
they only agree with the same .
for the rest of the time , they 're more experienced .
that means that every atom at the same time is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think this is really cool .
really .
it was worth it to me for all this year in the clean room , because , you check that , between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine that you would be in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body is in the room ?
there is another aspect of history .
when we took it out , the lights went out , and we saw that the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are actually just objects that are in a small room together .
you can hear a lot of talk about how it says that everything is connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more to it , it goes deeper .
it is so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that is the most ... and that is the most ... and the most odd and strange of the world .
thank you .
in the year of 2007 , i have decided that we should think about economic development .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they are given the opportunity to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are all in competition for new residents .
right now , we are far from this target .
there are billions of people who are not even a single city available to welcome them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so , we could , in a very simple way , we could arm the world with a very , very , very simple , very , very , very simple , very simple , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
that may sound absurd to you now , unless you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just change the building of apartments against the cities ?
imagine , half the people who want to live in apartments would already do that , but the other half still wouldn 't .
you could try to expand the capacity of the already furnished apartments .
but you know what you would get yourself into , in these apartments and their environment , rule the law to avoid complaints and distract from the government .
so it turns out to be a very difficult thing to do to all these people .
but you could go to a completely new place , build a whole new block , provided the laws there would support a building like this and not stop it .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that provide enough space for a city and have given them a name :
later , i found out that , around the same time , javier , and i found out about the challenge of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras was suffering from a heavy metal .
at the next election , pepe lobo won in a sports club , whose program won both of the state , and he promised to be the president .
he has requested to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was preparing myself for a lecture at the university .
by improvement , testing , and by the investigation of the nuclear technology , i have tried to reduce this complicated concept of the charter city to the essential elements .
the first point , is the importance of laws , laws that determine that you are not to be disturbed by the laws of law .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but for progress , it requires technology and laws , and it 's usually laws that hold us back .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend of mine from guatemala , sent the link to the drug trade .
he showed him to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so in december , we met in a hotel in miami .
i 've tried to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i used this graphic to show how valuable it is in a place like new york in a place like new york .
but it was a rather abstract discussion in a place when there was a pause , " paul , " maybe we could look at the time frame . "
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras who said that we had to accomplish this project that it was important , and that this is the way to bring our country forward .
i have been asked to come to the west coast and give a lecture on the fourth and fifth of january .
so i gave one more full lecture with facts that included a graphic like this , trying to make it clear that if you want to do a lot of good in a city , it has to be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
alone in this airport , there 's a space of 100 square miles .
so i was trying to convince the world 's leaders that if you want to build a new city , you have to start with an area of at least a thousand .
that 's more than 250 thousand acres .
they were all kind to everyone .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of the congress came to the stage and said , " professor siletsky , i thank you very much for your lecture , but perhaps we could maybe look at the art museum .
i have it here on my laptop . "
so i sat down , and you played the game game .
and i have come to the conclusion that a new city offers people new opportunities .
there would be a chance to live in a city that would be in honduras instead of hundreds of miles from the north .
and a new city also includes new opportunities for executives .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on the 19th of january , you voted for congress for a change of constitution to have a more formal settlement that is admissible for special financial services .
in a country that has just had a very severe crisis , congress has been elected to a voice with 124 .
all parties , all the factions of society , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it must be approved by congress twice .
on february 17th , the second time was approved by 114 to a voice .
shortly after this election , between the 21st and february 24th , a delegation from about 30 years ago traveled to the two places in the world most interested in getting into the business of the world .
the one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new city center , built in south korea , built in south korea bigger than the city center .
all you can see in this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in the art of war is singapore .
there have already been two cities built in china and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically thinking about it , that 's where we stand today .
you 've already got an emergency system , and you 're already considering this area for the second city .
it 's already been worked on a legal system that allows us to participate , and it will also work on an outside legal system .
a country has already offered to place his supreme court in the court as a court of law in the court of the judicial system .
i 'm also a very interested man .
they even bring in funding .
one thing you already know has been resolved , there are many tenants .
there are a lot of companies who would like to go to america , especially in a place with an oil company , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who show that they want to live in another place permanently .
a million people leave latin america every year and go to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to work , sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn enough money to eat and dress .
unfortunately , sometimes even children try to find their parents who they , in some cases , haven 't seen them in a decade .
so what is the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even to build some of these cities or spread hundreds of them all over the world ?
so what is it an idea to insist that every family has a choice between cities in competition for new residents ?
that 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many decisions you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many decisions you make in a typical week ?
i recently did a survey of over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions that make a typical american in a day is 70 .
in addition , a recent study was recently made with a study of a study of a drug which you were watching for a week .
and these scientists have simply documented the various issues with which this ceo is busy , and how much time you spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo is busy working on a job that week .
each of these topics , of course , was made of many , many smaller choices .
50 % of their decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 percent of your decisions , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you make in the nine minutes category of those in one hour category ?
how good do you think you are to deal with the decisions ?
today , i would like to talk about one of the greatest of our modern times , the most beautiful .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i will ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise , because i 'm blind , only the hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the news report ?
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very very exclusive grocery store , at least he was really exclusive back then .
it was a store called the " the " the " s " .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at a time i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil gang .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those who were locked in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the branch manager one day , and i asked the head , " does this model work for people to provide all these possibilities ? "
and he pointed out to the tourists who came in every day and usually had their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your moving gear .
they had different kinds of jam .
we 've got a little family meeting set up right at the front of the business .
we 've put six different kinds of jam there , or 24 different homemade jam , and we 've looked at two things , first , i , which case would more people stand and try jam ?
there are more people standing when it was 24 , about 60 % than when there were six , about 40 % .
and then after that , we saw each other in which case people rather bought a glass of jam .
now we have now seen the most extraordinary effect .
of the people who stood up when they were 24 , only three percent actually bought a glass of jam .
of the people who stood there when there were six , well , now we see that 30 % of them actually bought a glass of jam .
well , if you calculate it , people bought six times more of a glass of jam , who they had six choices than when they had 24 choices .
well , choosing not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waist , but it turns out that , in fact , we are also influenced by the most unpleasant decisions .
we don 't decide to decide , even if it 's against our own best interests .
so , on the topic of the day , financial saves .
i will now describe to you a study of which i have done with the law of the united states , emir , wei jang , in which we have made the decisions for the pension of almost a million americans of almost all the 650 states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of the cell towers that could have been possible , the most sophisticated plan that would affect the odds of more saving for tomorrow .
and we found out there was indeed a connection .
so , in these plans , we had , like , some kind of elaborate plans that made people something between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , in fact , that , in fact , the participation was less of a recommendation .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans , the two funds , they still had a supply line in the " the " s " not as high as we want .
in the plans that almost 60 funds were placed , the financial industry now fell down to about the most significant amount .
now it turns out that even if you 're willing to participate , if there were more options to choose , even then , it has negative consequences .
so , the people who decided to participate , rather than that the more opportunity they had at their disposal , the more they avoided to choose stocks and funds .
the more opportunity you had at your disposal , the sooner you put all your money in pure waste .
none of these extreme decisions are part of the decisions that someone from people would recommend if their future financial well-being is important to us .
well , for the past ten years , we have watched three significant negative consequences for the offering of more and more of the more violent .
you blame the decision to make , even if it goes against your own best interest .
they make rather worse decisions than make worse decisions , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
they choose to make themselves less content , even if they make it better objective .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy to look at these huge shelves full of mustard , vinegar , vinegar and jam , but we can 't actually compare and then actually pick something out of the fantastic offer .
so what i would like to propose to you today is four simple , simple techniques that we have tested in different ways and on different types that you can simply use in your business .
first , limit .
you 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today that is less .
people are always worried when i say , " limit . "
you 're always worried that you 're going to lose weight loss .
as proctor and proctor , the various head and the different head of 26 to 15 , they experienced a increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold their 10 to the worst of the world , they experienced that the profits by 87 percent of the profits were a result of both , the sales numbers and the reduction of costs .
you know , the average , average , everyday , is offering you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers you 100,000 products today .
but the most expensive supermarket in the world today is the most expensive supermarket in the world , and they 're only offering you 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
every single harvard employee is now automatically taking part in a federal case .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all very important possibilities . "
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how the possibilities differ from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your clients . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a talk with gary .
and gary said that he was willing to offer all the people in this audience a paid paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the street .
and i would like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read it and then i 'm gonna ask you to clap when you 're ready to take gary 's offer .
okay , everyone who 's willing to take gary 's offer .
are they all ?
all right , let me show you some more of this .
you knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , that she was objectively , the first time she had more information than the second time , but i would dare to suggest that she felt more real the second time .
because the pictures made it feel more real for them .
which brings me to the second technique that will help you to deal with the problem of the brain cells , it 's the power source .
the point is that people , to understand the difference between possibilities , must understand the consequences of the individual possibilities , and that these consequences must be vivid and specific .
why do people usually spend 15 to 30 % more if they use a credit card or a credit card , than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like we 're real money .
and it turns out that if you can make it concrete that something feels , it 's a very good tool to make people save more .
and during this meeting , we kept this meeting exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added to it was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved money .
the third technique :
we can do better with more categories than we can deal with more than with more .
here is , for example , a study that we did in a drug trial .
it turns out it 's in the top and bottom of the most sophisticated area , the number of different kinds of magazines to the top and bottom of the most sophisticated magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
there are two different types .
one is " jazz " and the other is " swing . "
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad on the right is jazz , you clap your hands .
okay , there are some .
if you think that the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right side is swing , please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly advanced military base .
the categories have to say something to the board of directors , not to which the selection is made .
and you see this problem often when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique : a requirement for complexity .
turns out we can actually handle more information than we think we just need to simplify them .
we must slowly increase the complexity .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's take a very , very complicated decision to buy a car .
here is a german military official who offers you the opportunity to completely separate your car .
you must make 62 different choices to design your car completely .
now , these decisions are different from the number of choices you offer per decision .
i have 56 possibilities .
engine , transmission , four possibilities .
what i do now is i change the order in which the decisions appear .
half of the customers go from all the possibilities , 56 of the limited possibilities , four gears .
the other half of the customers go from the low possibilities , four gears , to the 56 , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep using the power to make the decision , it means that you get overwhelmed , i lose you .
what they find out is that the people who go from the many to the very low , they always go back to the vote .
we 're losing her .
if you go from the little ones to the many , stay with them .
it 's the same amount of opportunity .
the only thing i 've done is change the order in which this information is presented .
when i start with the simple one , i learn how to dance .
even though the gearbox is picking the transmission , not telling me about my preferences at the school board , it still makes me want to choose .
it also puts me in a lot of excitement about the great product that i 'm running , and so i 'm willing to be motivated with interest .
let me summarize .
i have told you of four techniques that will limit the problem of the " -- " the problem of the " -- " " the " -- " -- " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ... " ...
every one of those techniques i describe to you today is thought to help you manage the possibilities of -- " -- "
because i believe that the key to the most obvious choice is to be picky about the selection .
and the more we are picky about choosing , the better we will be able to practice the art of the decision .
thank you .
hi , i 'm kevin , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm kevin , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , uh , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm , i 'm
that 's right .
today , we want to talk about how videos are made , and then afterwards , which is why it 's even important .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , singers - when i was young , it seemed so difficult .
but we have made it possible that we can all or all our creative activities can become incredibly famous in a part of the culture of our world .
every single one of you could be famous over the internet until next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video will be uploaded per minute .
from that again , only a tiny percentage will ever be passed , and will be looked at thousands of times and so at the cultural moment .
so how does this work ?
three things :
well , let 's do it .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
i 'm sorry .
last year , bear vasquez sent this video that he had filmed in front of his house in the national park .
in 2010 , it had been looked at 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
in fact , bear didn 't want to make a video that was a fake .
he just wanted to share a rainbow ,
because that 's what you do when you 're called " the mountain bear . "
he had uploaded a lot of cell towers .
and this video was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
there came jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that finally made the video so popular .
because , like jimmy kimmel , we have new and interesting things to do and show to a great audience .
rebecca " friday " is one of the most amazing videos of the year .
it was looked almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
just like the double rainbow , it seems to have come out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's right .
if you want to know , these other pointy ones , they 're all the same .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , it started to come up , a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was a first to make a joke on twitter .
the important thing is that a group of people who took a stand in the hands of a great audience , and that the process accelerated .
and then this community formed by people who shared this great , great , great , and started talking about it and playing it around .
now , there 's 10,000 of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody for every single day of the week .
unlike in the most extraordinary conversation of the 20th century , the community is our way of becoming a part of this , either by spreading it or making something new .
" cat cat cat " is an animation and music in the music industry .
that 's it , very simple .
this year , it was looked at almost 50 million times .
and if you think that this is crazy , you should know that there 's a $ 4 million that has been looked at four million times .
even cats look at this video .
cats look at cats watching this video .
the important thing is , the creativity that rules in the world 's economic and economic crisis .
there 's been a lot of trouble .
someone did an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire federal crime scene shot from the ground that made it from a stupid joke to something we can all participate in .
today , we don 't just find pleasure in something , we do it .
who could have predicted all this ?
who could have predicted " double rainbow " or rebecca black or " cat " ?
what kind of scripts could you have written that in ?
in a world where every minute of footage is uploaded two days of footage can only really truly unique and unexpected video footage , as they mentioned .
i admit , i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to look at this great video about a guy who 's protesting parking tickets in new york for bikes .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't go to the parking lot , but often , there are those who don 't let you drive straight on the bus .
since that was totally surprising and funny , casey 's funny funny idea , and his argument was looked at five million times .
this approach is for everything new we do creative .
and all that leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
- what ?
what does that mean ?
in a new kind of media and culture where everyone has access to and in which the audience has popularity .
like i said , one of the currently greatest stars - justin bieber - made his start on youtube .
no one has to give your ideas green light .
and today , we all feel as the owner of our family .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they are hardly meeting the media today , but they will determine the entertainment of the future .
thank you .
the story 's not over yet .
she 's a puzzle that 's still being put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the most beautiful .
imagine the first piece , a man burning his life 's work .
he is a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life has been held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his home .
keep him in front of the communists in saigon , as he must admit that his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , are now his .
he withdrew into silence .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that the story tried to crush us , but we made it through .
the next train will show how a boat in the early ' 90s is running low on sea .
my mother may was 18 when her father died ... already in a married marriage with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a task : to escape her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a fishing trip and a fishing boat , a boat slid to the lake , disguised as a fishing boat .
all the adults were aware of the risks .
the greatest fear they had of pirates , rape and death .
like most of the adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little baby doll .
with a capture , my sister and i would have drunk them and my grandmother .
my first memories are from this boat - - the most powerful of the motors , the clapping of a wave on the bow , the wide and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates who came many times , but let the men on our boat , or the failure of the engine that didn 't want to launch six hours .
no apple ever tasted like that again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and the next act of war is about four women in three generations to build a new life together .
we settled down in the middle east , one of the working class in the suburbs , whose people are made of the west indies .
unlike , unlike in the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh ...
the smells from the pine trees came from the rest of the world .
and the pieces of broken bones were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they started again .
my mother worked on farms , then on a factory line in a six days , double shifts .
somehow she managed to find the time to speak english and english .
we were poor .
every dollar was assigned and was put in further training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give up , most of the new things that always came from second hand .
two pair of stockings for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
and there were the rare , but the painful , painful , painful , painful , " and here , and there , and there , " asians , go home . "
home where ?
something is inside me .
there was a meeting for reconciliation and a quiet voice said , " i will avoid you . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened up a business building , then made a business trip and opened up another business .
and the women came with their stories about men who didn 't change the change , angry and angry and angry children , trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been built .
i was living in the middle of nowhere .
in one , i was the classic asian college student who made the most popular requirements to himself .
in the other , i was involved in an uncertain life , the tragic scars of violence , of the state and the insulation .
but so many have received help over the years .
and because of this help , in my last year , i was chosen as a boy of the year .
and i was shot to the next one by a silver spoon , and the edges didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous " anonymous " , was now tan le , fugitive , and social worker , who was invited to places she had never heard of , and in their existence , she could never have imagined .
i wasn 't familiar with the etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it .
she reminded me that i was now as old as you when we climbed the boat .
no was never a possibility .
" just do it , " she said , " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i was talking about training and training , and the neglect of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , the
and the more i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all of the world , so many of them did what they loved lived on the borders of the possible .
and even though i had my degree , i realized that i couldn 't reconcile with a career in law .
there had to be another one .
and i realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an outsider , a new , new in the picture , and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from the boot .
because it is so easy to lead so easily to the collapse of the earth , it can be so easy to accept the assumptions of the environment .
i have now walked enough out of my home to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as feared .
possibilities that would not have been allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an uncontrollable optimism , a strange mixture of humility and the healing .
so i followed my gut .
i was gathering a small team of people around me for which the drawer is not " an irresistible challenge .
for a year we haven 't had a cent .
at the end of every day , i cooked a giant pot of soup we shared .
we worked late for the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the us ,
after only a trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved and the adventure continued .
before i lecture you , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time in which , in which , in which , in which , the social norm and the local mandarin was the most important person .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without the support of her husband , she made a sensation by bringing him to court and being in her own case and a bigger sensation than she won .
" can 't go " proved false .
i was just in a hotel room in sydney when she died , 1,000 miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the front door and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after .
a couple of days later , we went to a sacred temple in northern italy and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is her hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
" they didn 't let her go . "
if there 's a band in our family , it goes through women .
if you can see who we were and how life has shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have crossed us .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i would like to have my own children , and i still think about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i am afraid of privileges , of ease , of a kind , of a kind .
can i give you a bug in your life , who defies the courage of every wave , the most powerful , most powerful of the motors , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this , and i could get it through safely , i would .
besides , this is the fourth or fifth row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , this is a picture you can 't take with your camera .
however , my interest in photography began when i first received my first love letter at the age of 15 .
i did it with my earlier penchant for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera , the process was rather in planning .
and when you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
to me , it seemed to me that the photography was more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought everyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something that the process begins when the trigger is pressed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much more crowded street .
but it has an unexpected turn .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - - dark and dark at the same time , but all with the common goal of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos where you have to think a brief moment to figure out the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really for a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
at the end of the day , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be made on a more narrow surface .
it 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see you as a puzzle of the reality where you can take different pieces and put together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly formed physical objects that we can all identify ourselves with in a more powerful world .
but in a certain way , in a certain way , they can create something that still looks like it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we can outsmart our brains because our brain simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process in adding photos .
it 's really all about connecting different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , things around us around our everyday lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about it , because otherwise , they just kind of look wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow , to achieve a proven result .
as you can see , these are not three special pictures .
combined , but can you create something special like this ?
so the first rule is that photos should have the same perspective .
second of all , the photos should be the same .
and these two images , these two images , they are the two of them , fired from the same height , and the same amount of money .
three , it 's about making it impossible to distinguish where the individual images begin and end by connecting them to the same .
makes it impossible to tell how the photo was actually put together .
here 's another example .
you might think that this is just a drug problem , and the bottom part was manipulated .
but this picture is , in reality , completely composed of photos of different places .
i personally believe it 's easier to create a place than to find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in the winter , i knew that i needed several months to plan it to find the different places for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been recorded on a fishing boat .
the shore is from another place .
it 's from a quarry .
and , yes , i even put the house up on the island of red to make it look swedish .
in order to achieve a more effective result , i see it coming from me to plan .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's about the combination of the different images .
and here 's every piece very well planned .
and when you make good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful , and pretty realistic .
so there are all the tools available , and the only thing that we have left is our imagination .
thank you .
i would like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we introduced to the police force was to hire a police officer .
and she 's not going to be very scientific , she puts a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the most basic reasons why all - - maybe just most of the electronic cell phones because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite , a very simple thing .
she 's got a button .
and every morning i jump on it .
and yes , i have a job , as you might see .
i put my job at 95 pounds .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that 's where they will also be called from my office , so that he can see where my favorite is , not only in the moment i need support or so , but with a look in the past .
there is something else .
maybe you know that , i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , every morning , i jump on my feet and people talk to me before i sit in the car , " i 'd rather have a little salad for lunch , lucien . "
but this is the nicest thing that can happen , because this is the most charming thing to do to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or it could smoke patients .
but it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and make them play some kind of game together to control their health better .
from next week , it comes to the market .
there 's going to be this little , uh , a little , uh , a little something that you can connect to an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to measure their blood pressure from home to send it to their doctor and share it with others for a little more than a hundred dollars .
do methods that are easy to use and start with this one to embrace patients on the team .
and you can do that by such methods , but also by the use of the brain .
and one of the things we did i want to share with you through a short video .
we 've all got our cars .
maybe even in our phones .
we know exactly where all the atm machines are all around the place .
we know one more thing where all the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find a place to live .
but where would the next time you have to help this patient ?
we 've got security cameras , and no one knew .
no one knew where to find the next one of the most beautiful women in the moment .
so what did we do ?
we have set up a security guard and asked a question , " if you can see an emergency room , please share with us where he is , when he 's up , " because sometimes he 's closed during the night , of course .
and over ten thousand of them have already been reported in the main lobby .
the next step was to find the apps .
and we have made a special edition .
we 've developed an app for computer technology , advanced reality , to find this energy source .
and if you 're in a town like a city of people who fall apart , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can find the next time you can save lives .
and from this day forward , we would not only like to present this as the product , but also to be the first to present it as a family .
and we would like to take this to a global level .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us to act like idiots , to make the most of the world .
and if you 're on vacation , and someone breaks down , if it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of those kind .
the other thing we would like to ask is that companies all over the world are helping us with the confirmation of this terrorist group .
these could be , or , for example , or technicians , just to make sure that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the
please help us with this and try not only to improve the health , but to take control .
thank you .
today i will report of unexpected discoveries .
i work in the art department .
and my little , uh ... my little , uh ... my little , uh ... i want us to force ourselves to the ...
... to pay attention to the king .
here 's a short video of what we do .
oh .
it might take a while to get it loaded .
well ... we can just skip this - - i 'll just skip the video instead ...
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
it 's ...
oh , my time is already over ?
thank you .
the program is called " code for america " and it 's a bit like the " code for " the " for " the " the " code " for america " and it 's a little bit like the " the " the " the " the " for the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the "
every year we choose a couple of college kids , and we let them work with the rest of us .
instead of sending them to the third world , we 'll send them to the village .
and that 's where they developed great apps , worked with city employees .
but what you really do is show what is possible with technology today .
so meet al .
al is a city of boston .
how did he get to look for help in this special way ?
we had a team last year from boston in boston last year on the " code for america " program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized that the city never cleans those fire hydrant .
but a certain man , a man named erik kernan , noticed something else , and that was that the residents were free to take the liberty , right in front of these parts .
so he did what any good writer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you agree with him to dig free when it snows .
if you do , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away from you .
so , there 's a nice little , little , little , little , uh ...
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps that have written in the last year .
but she 's doing something that no one else can do .
it 's spreading rapidly .
there 's this guy in the town of honolulu , who saw that he could use this app , not for snow , but to adopt the citizens .
it 's very important that these cell phones work , but people steal the batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check them out .
and then , seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean up the most sophisticated software .
and chicago has just introduced them to the people who are going to put in the snow .
we now now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
you know , if you know anything about the , you know , it doesn 't usually work that way .
getting the software is usually a few years .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year , which took three people two and a half months .
it was about a method to find out with parents who are the right public schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went over the regular channels it would have taken over two years and it would have cost over $ 2 million .
and that 's nothing .
there is currently a project in the california justice department that the taxpayers has cost $ 2 billion so far , and it 's not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app written in a couple of days , and then it spreads out of it , is a kind of shot from the bow to the government 's institution .
she shows how the government could work better than a private company , how many people think she should .
and not even like an internet , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but more importantly , on this app is that it represents a new generation that the government 's problem is not more than the problem of a domestic institution , but as a problem of the collective mind .
and that is a very good news , because it shows that we are very good in the collective trade with digital technology .
now there is a great community of people who make the means we need to make things effective together .
it 's not just " code for america " , there are hundreds of people all over the country who stand up and write letters in their own communities every day .
you didn 't abandon the government .
you you you 're terribly frustrated with her , but you don 't complain about fixing her .
and these people know something we 've lost sight of .
today a lot of people have abandoned the government .
and if you are one of those people , i ask you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because in the end , the government finally draws its power from us , remember , " we the people , " how we think about it will affect how this change is going to happen .
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like many people , i thought that the government is mostly about choosing people into office .
now , after two years , i have come to the conclusion that most of all , in order to be a member of the family .
this is the key to service and information .
that 's where you usually come out when you call in your town .
so , scott gets this , uh , the , uh ...
he 's typing " the " the " the " the " the " the " s " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle run ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the war .
boston doesn 't just have a family name .
it 's got an app , an app , an air conditioning , and it 's called , " a " , uh ...
we didn 't write that app .
this is the work of very smart people in the office of the new urban , in boston .
one day , this is a detailed report - this came in - - " in my trash can .
how do i get them removed ? "
but what 's happened to " the most beautiful " is different .
scott scott spoke of man to man .
but it 's all in the open , so everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
alive ?
went home .
good night , sweet , sweet , sweet . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital hits the physical .
and it 's also a good example of how to get the government into the federal building .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't really mean a technical definition of the platform here .
i talk more about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she tied these two people together .
and they would have been able to connect you to state services if they had been needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
if a neighbor helps the other , we will strengthen our communities .
if we call the police commissioner , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we have to think about it , that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think it 's one of the other 's input .
that our contribution to the system is the choice .
that 's because the government is like a further ocean , and politics are the top brass .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it is this contempt that this thing that we possess , and for which we pay , that makes us do something that works against us , something else , and then we make ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the real estate is taking place .
we need to get into the government 's machinery .
so the school nurse did it .
have you seen these guys ?
it is a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report that is an answer to the question on the news report that is about the key to the financial industry .
that is not politically active , that is highly active .
well , for those of us who have given up the government , it 's time we think about the world we want to leave our children .
you must imagine the enormous challenges they must face .
do we really believe that we can achieve what we must accomplish without improving the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it must be more efficient .
the good news is that technology can make it possible , the function of the government , in a way that can actually achieve something by strengthen society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the internet , who knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
well , now , the most of our research is 28 , so i 'm , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up to see her voice as a natural .
they don 't fight this fight we all fight , so who can speak , they may all speak .
you can express your opinion on every channel at any time , and you do .
so , if you 're confronted with the government 's problem , don 't worry so much about using your voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write a letter that will improve the government 's work .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be turning a fire hydrant , a weed , a garbage can with a plastic bag .
and sure , if we could have kept those fire hydrant all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we are not just consumers , and we are not just government consumers who pay taxes and receive services .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve our citizenship .
thank you .
i will begin by showing you a single , boring plastic .
could you please show me the foil ?
this is a foil i accidentally picked from my folder .
i 'm not talking about the details of the foil , but rather , the most delicate form .
this foil shows data of an analysis of us compared to the performance of the performance of a highly sophisticated area .
the interesting thing here is that this foil , like so many others , which we often find in our field , are some kind of a straight curve .
in other words , each step here is consistent with a potency in the middle of the world .
and this is a standard procedure that we need to use this guy 's scale on a scale in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is essentially what i 'm going to talk about here .
so , if you could turn on the light , please .
a little brighter because i 'm about to draw something on the paper here .
well , why are we drawing a film in the technique on the horizontal curves ?
they look like this .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i want to record a different technology , let 's say , a nuclear weapon , that would be very unreasonable on the scale of a very low line .
but if something like this happens here , it changes the circumstances .
so , if the police force were to move as fast as the city hall , we could get in a cab the day after tomorrow and in 30 seconds , we 'd be in tokyo .
but it 's not so fast .
there has never been this before in the history of the world 's history , this kind of growing growth , by which , every couple of years , increased exponentially .
the question i would like to ask you now is , when you look at these lean turns , you can see they don 't go on forever .
it is not possible that everything has moved on as quickly as it is now .
there are two possibilities :
either it becomes a classic , classic , like here until something completely new , or it will happen here .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if it really is , then that means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we are here on this line in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i would like to ask , and i often ask myself , is how this new world will be ?
what is this new condition that the world slowly accepts ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
when i was a child , the future was somewhere in the year 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference here where people are talking about the future and you realize that the future is still at the year 2000 .
we can 't go any further than that .
in other words , the future has shrunk every year for a year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason we realize there 's something going on .
we can all feel it .
and we know that right now it just doesn 't make any sense to try to look 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything will be so different , that a simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , simple , what we don 't make sense .
i now want to talk about what this could be , this transition we are currently in .
to do this , i will first talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think to be able to really understand this , we need to take a step back and take a look at this thing on a longer scale .
and i would like to look at this on the earth 's most beautiful life .
i think the big picture makes sense when you divide it into some of the pieces .
so let 's go back and go back for two and a half billion years , and the earth was a big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , big , fat , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , big , fat
now , when you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they put it .
some of these chemical compounds contained a special combination of chemicals which allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and grow .
all who were like that began to split up .
these little , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
but , however , those who were not about alive in today 's sense because every single one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and every time it shared , the chemicals in it have spread out to excess amounts .
so each drop was a little different .
as a matter of fact , the drops that one for the growth were growing faster than other , more and more chemicals from the outside and split faster .
so , this is the kind of thing that makes you survive longer , and you 're in the middle of a war .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but it 's more interesting when this one has learned a trick about animal agriculture .
in some way that we don 't quite understand yet , these drops have learned the ability to download information .
you have learned to store the cell 's recipe as information in a certain chemical form we call dna .
in other words , you have found a way to which you were allowed , which you passed , so that this information could be copied and copied .
the amazing thing is that this kind of information to store over the time of two and a half billion years when it was created , it remained the same .
in fact , the recipe is for us , because our genes , from the exact same code and the same code .
every living creature uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we are ready that we , only to be able to write something in this code ourselves .
and i have here a hundred of a white picket fence that i try to keep away from security in airports .
it 's in it - - what i did is , i took this code - the code consists of regular letters that we use to symbolize , and i put my card card on a piece of dna and i reinforced it 10 times .
so if someone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i had really been a selfish man , i would have written you on a virus and released you into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
the dna sample was an interesting step .
and that 's what made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , a very interesting step where things were completely different , because these cells began to communicate and to exchange information , so that it was created by cells .
i don 't know if you already knew , but bacteria can actually replace your dna .
that 's also why , for example , the stability of antibiotics grows .
some bacteria have found out how they can stay away from penicillin and put that information together with other bacteria in the dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria resistant to penicillin because the bacteria are communicating amongst themselves .
these communications have now allowed the reason for the reasons of the same boat , which in a sense were in the same boat , they were the best .
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that when a community was successful , all individuals in the community were repeatedly repeated and favored by evolution .
now , the main ingredient is now where this is so close to the fact that she decided to write the recipe for the entire community into a dna sample .
and the next interesting phase lasted about another billion years .
at this time , we have , at this time , we have , by many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many , many of which , together as one organism .
as a matter of fact , we are also a kind of , uh , a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ... a ...
we have many cells that are no longer on our own .
you are useless with no means of no use , you are , you are , you are , and so on .
so , this is how the earth began to rise , so that the level where evolution took place , was no longer the single cell , but the whole of which we call organism .
the next step has now happened within this radius .
it was the time of the war .
and they developed special structures that did nothing but process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the brain cells that these brain cells built .
they began to train specialists within the community , special structures responsible for learning , understand , and hold on to information .
and this was the brain , and the nervous system of the brain .
this has given you a greater advantage .
because at this time , an individual ... learning has now happened within the time of the life span of a single organism , instead of that amount of time period .
so for example , an organism could learn not to eat a certain fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now happen within the life of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years before that , because this information had to be learned from the individuals who died because of this fruit , because those were not yet present .
so , the nervous system has the ability to use this particular brain function , because evolution has now been in one individual .
she was able to take place within a time radius .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , for example , the most famous version of this is the human language .
it 's a rather amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , very complicated , and confused idea in my head .
i am sitting here , and i am basically giving the sounds of me , hoping to create a similar confused idea in your head that has a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into notes , a sequence of sounds , and produce something very complicated in other people 's heads .
so this allows us now to function as a more efficient organism .
and what we have actually done , us , mankind , is we have begun to become a member .
we go through the same steps , which have been through the same stages of our methods , how we hold data , present .
for example , the invention of the language was a small step this way .
computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , computer , and so on and so on , all of these are our most powerful mechanisms we 've built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects all of us together to something much bigger , and even capable of evolving faster than we have .
so these days , evolution can happen during the period of time periods .
you also have also seen a little bit of a little bit of the evolution in the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " of " " program " right in front of your eyes .
so now , we have restored the power of the earth .
the first steps of history , which i have told you , spent a billion years a piece .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , have been a few hundred million years .
then the steps , like language and so forth , less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , just seem to take a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and therefore , i believe that the word for it is , if something is increasing its weight .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think this is what we see here in this very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very ...
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live professionally from building computers , and i know that i could use the mechanism i use to build computers , not use it without the recent development in the computer .
my current occupation is to create objects with such a high complexity , that it is impossible for me to make these in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every single man in the world does .
it has billions of them .
and she does it partly with methods that we don 't even understand .
a method which is particularly interesting , and which i have used a lot lately is evolution itself .
in which we will install a nuclear reactor in the machine that runs in the main reactor .
to call an example , in the most recent cases , we can create a program designed by random instructions .
we say , " computer , request a hundred million , randomly selected sequences of instructions .
now , please lead all these selected instructions by chance , execute all the programs , and ultimately , choose those who are closest to me . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort out numbers , that would be a simple example i 've already used for it .
so find programs that can most likely sort out numbers .
of course , the chance by chance , by chance , is a very small opportunity for you to sort out numbers by chance , so i guess none of the instructions will actually do that .
but one of them may with a little luck two numbers in the right order .
now , i say , " computer , take the 10 % of the sequences that have come the closest to my standards .
take these off , delete the rest .
now , i want you to know that all of the key numbers that have the best sorted .
" ... with a method of learning to reproduce . "
take two programs , and they produce children by the exchange of their cell phones , and the children are the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by combinations of programs that have come closer to the guidelines than others .
say , " please repeat this trial . "
put them back together .
maybe lead some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations , only a few of these generations need to be
and so i can run an evolution of over millions of years in the computer in less minutes , or in a few more hours in a matter of time .
eventually , i get programs that can perfect the numbers .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand you .
it 's all very strange programs .
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm pretty sure that you 're doing the job because you come from a series of top-secret programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the right job .
i once sat down in a 747 with marvin , and he put a card in it and says , " oh , look at that .
it says , " this plane is made of the most powerful of which work together to make their flight safer . "
we know that if it gets too complicated , it 's not ideal .
so let 's begin to rely on computers , for a process that separates from the classic computer virus .
he allows us to create things with a much greater complexity than the normal methods of producing .
and yet we still don 't quite understand the possibilities of that .
so , the technology is the only way .
we now use these programs to make the computers a lot faster , so that we are capable of doing this process even faster .
so , it 's created an energy source .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new new technologies from today feed themselves .
we 'll pick up .
we have arrived at a point , the time of death is too far back then , when the time has come to be developed to be a master .
so , we 're the , uh ... we 're the , uh ... we 're the , uh ... we can 't really figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
we 're in the middle of the middle of the night .
but i really think there 's something else coming after us .
i think it is very proud of us to say that we are the most advanced of evolution .
and i think we all here are part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is before , and i think i 'm gonna stop here right now before i get even .
my story begins right here in west berlin about two years ago .
i was among the stars in the desert , along with the stars of the desert , and with ali ,
we talked about that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian war .
if we wanted to travel indians back then , we would jump into a car and climb over the sky .
now we do it with planes .
at the time , when the great indian was thirsty , he took a bow , shot into the ground and water .
now , let 's do it with the machines and the machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that made me really sad .
i got a little afraid of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without camera and without tweet to my friends .
i found that technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50 years old technology became the most powerful thing for me .
she became a golden access to a world full of pirates and ships and images of my imagination .
it seemed to me as though our fancy watches and cameras kept us from dreaming .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went to the world of technology to see how i could use it to create magic instead of killing .
when i was 16 , i started reading books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device that could connect the reader in the world .
it can know how to hold it .
it can know where we are .
it brings pictures and lines together , and animation , sounds and touch .
it would take more and more senses to get it .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just going to go to , you know , a , uh , an ipad app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so here it says , " this box belongs ... " i write my name .
and i will become a character in the book .
every once in a while , a letter falls down for me , and the ipad knows by gps , where i live , it 's right up to me .
the child inside me is very excited by such possibilities .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i don 't mean by it , not magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , the ideas we all had as children .
i used to find fireflies in a glass .
that 's how you have to flip the ipad and let the fireflies out .
and they light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that i am fascinated as a child , that a whole galaxy can be stuck in a single marble .
and so here , every book and every world will be a little marble that i 'm moving here to the magic device in the device .
and this opens a map .
i 've always had cards , but these cards were the cards .
this map will grow and shine and serve in the direction of the rest of the book .
she also shows herself in other places of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important for me to do something that indian is also very powerful .
these are the most beautiful .
we 've all heard of fairies and fairies , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , who are the most loyal ?
the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the ,
and we bring them back , in a history of children .
it 's a story that deals with new business , like the new business .
on the subject of a major problem for the last 10 years , children sit in their rooms , their computers , without going out .
but now , with advanced technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in a interaction of the book , you are sent to a search , you must go out and collect with the camera of the most powerful images of natural objects .
when i was a kid , i used to have , like , a bunch of bricks , rocks , and , you know , and clams .
somehow the kids don 't do it anymore .
you have to go out in a chapter to take a picture of a flower and mark it .
in another chapter , you have to mark a piece of a piece of paper and paint .
that 's how you actually create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a man in london and says , " oh , i saw a fox today . "
a child in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates some kind of social network around a digital collection of photos you actually recorded .
there are a variety of ways to connect magic to the world and technology .
in the next book , we are planning a interaction with which you use the video of the video of the building , and by the reality of the reality , we see an animation of elves on a plant outside the house .
in one place , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the noise , blow them off and read the rest of the book .
we all move toward a world where the technology 's most advanced technology and technology can approach .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and to the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , prisons or prison prisons .
i spend most of my time with the socially weakest in the most and in places where there 's a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating it is gave me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things here that have influence over the world .
and sometimes when something comes up about ted , it gets a meaning and power it doesn 't usually .
i say that because i believe that identity is very important .
we 've seen some fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , fantastic , fantastic .
i believe that we have learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly more important .
as a doctor , you can do good , as a doctor , but you can do more .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned it from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional household that was dominated by a family , and that was my grandmother .
she was a strong , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the last word in every room .
she was also the point of a number of differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a school girl .
her parents were born in the ' 70s in virginia as slaves .
she was born at the end of the year , and the experience of slavery made her world very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also loving .
when i met her as a little boy , she came to me and hugged me .
she pushed me so hard i could barely breathe , and then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came to me , and she said :
and when i said " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . "
there was something about her that made you want to always be around her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins ran around everywhere .
i remember i must have been eight or nine , that one morning i woke up and went to the living room , all my cousins were walking around .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first i thought it was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
that was about 15 or 20 minutes , then she stood up and came over to me , and she took me by the hand and said , " come , bryan , you and me , we need to talk . "
i remember it as if it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget .
she took me outside and she said , " i 'll tell you something , but you have to promise that you won 't . "
i said , " i promised , grandma .
she said , " my word of honor , " i said , " yes . "
she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , " i want you to know that i 've been watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , " you just have to promise me three things , bryan . "
i said , okay , grandma .
she said , first promise me that you will always love your mama .
she said , your mama is my baby and you have to promise that you will always take care of her .
i loved my mother , so i said , " yes , grandma , i will . "
and then she said , next , promise me that you will always do the right thing , even though it 's hard to do the right thing .
i was thinking , and i said yes , grandma , i promise .
after all , she said , the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , i was nine years old , and so i said , yes , grandma , i promise .
i grew up on the land , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day , my brother came home and took this six-pack of beer with my sister and me and went to the woods with us .
we just wander around like usual .
then he took a sip of beer and offered my sister one , and she took it , and then they offered me one .
i said , " no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
my brother said , " come on , come on , let 's do this . " you do everything else we do .
i had something .
i said , " i don 't want to . " you do it .
my brother was staring at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the face and he said , " oh , no , no , you 're not still going crazy about talking to grandma ? "
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said , " grandma told all the grandchildren that they were special . "
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't do that .
this may be broadcast publicly .
i am 52 years old and i confess i have never had a drop of alcohol .
i 'm not saying this because i think it 's virtuous , i say that because identity means power .
if we can create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe at first .
we can get them to do things they thought couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren that they are special .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncle died of incurable diseases .
and she believed that these were the issues we needed to take care of .
i 've been trying to say something about what we 've been through .
this country is different from 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people were in the prison .
today , it 's 2.3 million .
the united states of the united states are now the world 's highest security .
seven million people have been released on parole , or on parole , or with a lot of money .
in my opinion , our world has fundamentally changed .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness , because of these changes .
one of three male black men between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , out on parole , or on parole , or on parole .
in urban communities all over the country - from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington - 50 to 60 % of the black men are either in custody , in prison , on parole , or on parole .
but our system will not only be shaped by questions that have to do with human rights , it will also be disfigured by poverty .
in this country , we have a special treat that will treat you much better when you are rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
fortune , not debt , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite satisfied with that .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some developments in progress .
my esteemed alabama alabama will permanently remove your vote if you are prosecuted .
here and today in alabama , 34 % of the male black population have permanently lost their vote .
in ten years , we have determined that in ten years the ratings of the civil rights movement will be as high as before the passing of the court .
the silence is a matter of time .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world , who is sentenced to death in prison .
in this country , for children , there are life forms of life for children ... without a life sentence .
we already have a lot of procedures going on .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in the west indies .
the question of the death penalty is an interesting question .
we believe because we were taught that the true question is , did a man deserve to die for one of his most heinous crimes ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
but you can also think differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other way of view is not , did someone deserve to die for a crime , but did we deserve to kill ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
on nine people we executed , one we found innocent , who was exonerated and released from death row .
one of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly with a plane if for nine planes to take off , one goes down .
but somehow we can get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
and it 's exciting , because i teach my students to teach my students the history of slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , the time against the end of reconstruction until the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african-american in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people have had to be afraid of animal agriculture ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that formed her life .
they say , " no " - tell the people we grew up with .
and after terrorism , of course , the segregation and the decades of the racist , the submission and the war .
and yet there is a dynamic in our country we do not like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our history .
and that 's why we don 't really understand what meaning our actions have in historical context .
we keep pushing each other .
we always create new tension and conflicts .
it is hard for us to talk about race , and i believe it is because we are not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood that the segregation is not to overcome without the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in west germany , there was this call , but not in this country .
i did some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating because one of the scientists stood up after my lecture and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that . "
he said that in germany there is no death penalty .
and of course , there can never be in germany .
and then a woman said , with our history , it 's impossible that we can ever speak for the killing of people again .
it would have been most of us , aware and deliberately executed people .
i was thinking about it .
how it would feel to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if there were a lot of jews among them .
it would be unbearable .
it would have been a lot of fun .
and yet there is this mental state of mind .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but in the end , these realities will eventually be suppressed by suffering , abuse , abuse , abuse , abuse , abuse , abuse , abuse .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we ultimately talk about that we need more hope , more commitment , more dedication , to be able to pass in a complex world .
for me , it means time to raise , to think and talk about the poor , the poor , those who will never be with ted .
but think in a way that is integrated into our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development don 't just come out of our heads .
they come from ideas driven by the conviction of our hearts .
it is this thing that i believe is that it drives us , not only to be open for all the bright and bright things , but for the dark and the dark .
the great czech politician once said :
when we fought in eastern europe against oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most , was hope , a mental orientation that would sometimes be in desperate places , and to be a witness .
this spiritual orientation is the core of what i believe is that even the people who have to hire themselves .
there is no such thing as technology and design that allows us to be human , even as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty , and injustice .
i want to warn you , this kind of identity requires a lot more of us than if we didn 't take care of it .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women met and just talked .
every once in a while , a woman called me and said , " hi , bryan , mrs. parks is coming to town .
do you want to listen and listen ?
and i said yes , yes , i 'd love to .
she said , what will you do when you get here ?
i said , " i will listen .
and i went over and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me and said to me :
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , we try to fight injustice .
we want to help people who have been convicted innocent .
we want to fight bias and discrimination in the war .
we want to eliminate a life life sentence without a child 's life without a child 's worth .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to get rid of the people we love .
i kept my usual lecture , and then she looked at me and she said ,
she said , " this will make her very , very tired . "
then mrs. carr leaned to me , put a finger on my face , and said , " and so you must be very , very brave . "
and that is why i believe that the most valiant should be .
we must have ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on all of our humanity .
in my work , i learned very simple things .
i 've learned some very simple things .
that we are all more than the worst we 've ever done .
i believe that goes for everyone on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even if you kill someone , it 's not just a murderer .
and because that is , there is a basic human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe in too many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
finally , a society is not measured by how they treat their rich and powerful and privileged , but how they deal with the poor , the condemned , the detainees .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us out .
sometimes i lose balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i get tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas come ahead of our thoughts in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced to too hard punishment .
i 'm going to the hospital to visit a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , and who shall stand trial as an adult .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he 's not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too long and i thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , he must have magic .
right , bryan , the judge has magic .
you should wish for something .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think right , i started working on a proposal .
i had a poor black boy as a client .
and i began with this proposal , and the title was that my poor , devoted black client was to treat like a privileged , healthy , white , highly intelligent , highly intelligent , highly intelligent , and ...
in my motion , i have explained that the prosecution 's and the police and the police and the police and the police have been considered to consider .
there was a crazy line about the fact that there was nothing in this country that there was nothing more right in this country that there was just any more misconduct .
the next morning i woke up and i didn 't know if i only dreamed this crazy proposal or actually wrote it .
and to my horror , i had not only written it , but sent it to the court .
a few months passed , and i had just forgotten everything .
but after all , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and present this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
i finally got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i took the stairs to the courthouse there was an older , black man , the janitor in the courthouse .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , who are you ?
i said , " i 'm a lawyer . " he said , " are you a lawyer ?
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said , " i am so proud of you .
and i must say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , mr stevenson , did you ask this crazy request ?
and then we started discussing .
more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i had written these crazy things .
police officers came in and the deputy prosecutor and the district attorney .
in a flash , the courtroom was full of people who were angry that we were talking about color , about poverty , about inequality .
from my corner of my eye , i looked up at the janitor and walked away .
he kept looking through the window and he could hear the whole thing .
he went up and down .
after all , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very concerned , very concerned , and he sat right behind me , almost to the front door .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during the break , a police officer came in who bothered to let the janitor in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black guy .
he said , jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ?
i have come to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far away , but that it is justice .
that as humans we are not fully developed as humans , as long as we do not care about human rights and human rights .
that our all survival with the survival of each one is linked .
that we have to combine our visions of technology and our visions of entertainment and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i would like to tell those of you who see it as well , just say , " don 't lose sight of the target .
you have seen with this audience , this community , an obvious wish , and heard of helping you and doing something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson : well , there are possibilities everywhere .
if you live in california in california , there is this spring , where it 's about to actually do an effort to do something about the , um , the , uh , the , uh , the , the one that usually flows into politics .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars for the death penalty is a billion dollars .
and yet , 46 % of all of the federal agents don 't end up with an arrest .
56 % of all of the world 's population are not in court .
here 's a chance to do something .
this money will be offered to invest in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
during the last three decades , the crime rate in the united states has sunk .
this fact is often associated with the increased energy levels .
what would you tell someone who believes that ?
well , in fact , the number of violent crimes didn 't change much .
the majority of the most of the financial history in this country wasn 't really in the class of violent crime .
it was the greatest crusade against drugs .
that 's why the dramatic high numbers come from the top of the line .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we have now , we have , as we have now , the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the people who are behind bars for ever , for the theft , for the good , for the good , instead of forcing them to return the things to the victims .
i think we need to do more to help people who have become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think that our current government is helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really did bring a little something to swing here .
you are an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
i am bin laden 's death brings with a more powerful and more powerful .
announcer 2 : famine in somalia .
spokesman 4 : rogue cartels .
the spokesman for the 6 : 1 6 : 1 8 : 65 dead .
announcer :
different spokesman :
recession , pause , doomsday , egypt , syria .
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i 've collected over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is , the media would prefer to show us the negative topics because our mind is paying attention to these issues .
and there 's also a very good reason for that .
every second of every day , our senses catch much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because we are nothing more important than our survival , the first stop for all the information is a part of our home project , the home world .
so , this is our home address , our favorite .
it 's arranged and combed the entire information on the search for any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we see the news , we prefer to keep an eye out for negative news .
and the old saying " if it bleeds , the demand " is very true .
well , with all of our digital devices that give us seven days a week , 24 hours a day all these negative news , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
but perhaps this is not the case .
maybe this is reality .
perhaps the enormous progress that we have made through a series of forces in the last century is so strong that in the next three decades , we will be able to create a world of power .
well , i 'm not saying that we don 't have any big problems - - we 've got , uh , the , uh ...
and as humans , we are much better at predicting problems in a very long way , but eventually we can overcome them .
let 's take a look at what we 've achieved in the last century so we can predict the development .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has doubled over over the inflation of the world 's population 's population population has tripled .
it 's a tenth .
it also comes to the fact that the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the , the
we have been told that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of the world .
and according to charles kenny kenny , in the last 130 years , 25 % has risen to 80 % .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we have a new definition of poverty .
remember that a large percentage of the americans who live under the water supply , access to electricity , water , toilets , tv , tv , and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the most powerful of the earth , could never have dreamed of such things .
the basis of a lot of it forms technology , and these grow crops .
my good friend , ray kinsella , has shown us that every law that will become the president of the united states will make a big leap on the bend of the law and will double every 12 to 24 months .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the ' 70s .
now look at this turn .
this is the law of the last hundred years .
note two things on this curve .
first , how smooth it goes ... in good times like bad times , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's slowing down for none of our big problems .
and also , despite her lack of weight on the left side , it goes up .
so , the brain wave itself is accelerating .
and on this turn , on the back of the law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to all of us .
how many of you have seen the victory of the chief 's supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i used to go through the papers and look for the best headlines i could find .
i love this : " watson defies human enemies . "
" risk " is not a simple game .
it 's about understanding the language of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of a drug dealer .
four years ago , ray and i , here at ted 's , started a new university called " the university . "
we teach our students all these technologies with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , companies , to create products and services , which , within a year of a year , can positively put the lives of people .
think about how a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today we can refer to dozens of companies that have done just this .
when i think about creating abundance , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about making a life of possibilities .
it 's about making money out of small goods .
scarcity is the most powerful , and technology is a resource that is the most powerful .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers were captured by napoleon , and napoleon himself was given a special treatment .
but the king of siam , the king of siam , however , has been given a great deal .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at that time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is the reason why the dome was made of aluminum .
although aluminum , it 's not as pure metal .
it will be linked by oxygen and oxygen .
but then , the technology of the earth alliance was developed and made it so cheap that we would use it with our technology .
then let us project this analogy into the future .
today we 're thinking of a little girl .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy than we consume every year .
16 renewable energy has increased every 88 minutes on the surface of the earth .
it 's not a matter of scarcity , the problem is a waste of time .
and there 's good news .
this year , for the first time in the year , you 've managed to reduce the cost of the population in india to 50 % of the price of the price of the population - - - to 17 rupees .
the cost for the last year was 50 % .
last month , this has been published with a study that shows that until the end of this year in the sunny areas of the united states , it will be 6 cents a month , compared to 15 cents per national average .
and if we have a water supply , we 'll have plenty of water .
let 's go talk about some of that .
do you remember the time when carl was in the ' 90s when it was on saturn , turned back to earth ?
he took a famous picture .
" a blue dot blue dot . "
because we live on a life of luxury .
we live on a planet that is covered with water at 70 % .
yeah , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , uh , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , like , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it 's , it
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new new security teams on the way .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from different sources , whether salt water , water , latrine , and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a major nuclear strike with a hundred units in the air force .
and if everything goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries all over the planet .
this is an advanced innovation that exists today .
and we 've also seen this on the night of the war .
oh , my goodness , we are about to reach the 70 % of the world 's population of the ' 70s to the end of 2013 .
just remember , a cell phone with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better security clearance than president reagan 25 years ago .
and if you 're looking for your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , as no one could have ever predicted .
and it comes even better , the things that you and i spent several thousand dollars - gps , gps , photo , library books , and music , are literally cheaper and cheaper in your phone .
and the best part is possibly what awaits us in health .
in the last month , i had the pleasure to announce that with the " $ 10 million the so-called " tricorder x " .
we are requesting teams all over the world to connect all these technology to each other in a cell phone so that you can talk to the device because it is equipped with ai , you can test blood tests or test your blood tests .
and in order to win , the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device , in the middle of an emergency room where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the brain and 1.3 % of the employee of the hospital .
if this device is to call a federal agent or a federal agent who is not known , it will call the and prevent a pandemic from her outbreak .
but now , to the greatest strength that will lead us to a world of evil .
i call them " the next billion . "
the white lines are for people .
we just crossed the main line .
and by the way , the biggest insurance policy against a drug company is a better education and diet in the whole world .
in 2010 , we had just linked to two billion people online .
we are expected to climb up from two to five billion to one .
three billion new heads of which we have never heard before will join the global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ?
and instead of a constant stop , i can see one of the greatest economic economic economic economic economic economic laws in history .
these people represent a number of dollars that will flow into the global economy .
and you will be healthier by using the term , and you will be better trained by the law , and by the way that you will have the opportunity to use a more productive and more productive , and more productive than ever .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , most powerful members of the united nations bring us ?
how about a new set of new voices , never before .
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , to give a voice , to attract attention and create change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about some of the things we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i 've learned through the " x " is that little teams that are motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things that big corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to close with a story that really made me excited .
there 's a program that some might already know .
it 's a game called a game that 's called a game .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where people can take a sequence of energy samples to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very , very important in the history books .
so far , this has been a problem for the supercomputer .
and this game was played by , uh , the , uh ...
and it is now hundreds of thousands of thousands of people who played the game online .
and it showed that these days the human brain cells better fold the proteins than the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me enormous confidence in our future is the fact that we have more power today than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a demon .
we have the capital of the federal government .
and we have three billion new heads we can work with online to master the new challenges , and to do what it takes .
we expect some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i think it starts with a medical doctor and i am .
and maybe i 've been in the business long enough than i can allow myself to give up a piece of my own fake , fake sex life to make that happen .
however , before i come to the subject of my favorite subject , let us begin with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are close to the world cup and we move to the world cup .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" the world 's greatest baseball team is soon to appear and is about statistics and to use these to create a great baseball team .
i will refer to a statistics i hope most of you have heard before .
it is the most powerful of the world .
we 're talking about a 300 when a bat beats 300 .
that means the player must be beating three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball in the front yard , he comes up , he 's not gonna get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it in time and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
do you know what it 's like to call a major league club in major league baseball ?
all right , really good , maybe it 's a ...
do you know what it 's called to call a " a " ?
this is someone who , by the way , is meeting four out of 10 .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major baseball league baseball players who met over 400 times during a regular season .
let us transfer back to my world of medicine where i feel a lot more comfortable , or maybe a little less comfortable after i talked to you about it .
assuming you have appendicitis , and you are being transferred to a federal agent whose case is , uh , 400 in relation to the cancer .
somehow it doesn 't work , does it ?
assuming you live in a certain remote area , and you have a loved one with a most loved one , and your family doctor is transferring this to a private office , which is currently at 200 .
but , but you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's beating a woman .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i will ask you a question .
what do you think , like , the , uh , a nurse or a nurse or a nurse or an obstetrician , an obstetrician , should be a nurse ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , no one in all the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a surgeon should be .
what we do , however , is that we are each of them , including me , sent to the world with the right to be perfect .
no one ever makes a mistake , but no one cares about the details of how this is going to end .
and this is the message i recorded in med school .
i was a compulsive , compulsive college student .
in high school , a student at high school once said that brian would be studying for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned at my little school in the sisters ' residence at the toronto general hospital near here .
i learned everything by heart .
in my heart , i learned to learn the , uh , of every branch of every artery , which is from the aorta , the chest cavity , and the normal spinal fluid .
i had even known the " i " d " in order to get a " a " and " a " a " , "
and all the time , i collected more and more knowledge .
and i was good , i graduated with an academic .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as much as possible , as near as possible , i was immune to the mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. printer .
i was sent to the hospital in a hospital in toronto as a woman , a woman , a printer .
at that time , i was assigned to the assigned shift in the assigned service .
and it was my job when the chief of staff was looking for advice to examine the president .
and to report to my attending .
i examined mrs. printer and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i looked at her , she made the sound of sound .
and when i put her chest through the chest , i could hear a roaring sound on both sides , that told me that she was suffering from dehydration .
this is a state where the heart is failing , instead of pumping all the blood further , a part of the blood is stuck in the lungs and slowly filling it , so the shortness of breath came .
and that wasn 't a difficult diagnosis to diagnose .
i turned her in and made me the treatment .
i gave her aspirin , i gave her medicine to take the pressure off her heart .
i gave her her the medicine we call a " a " drug , water pills , so that she would pump the fluid .
and over a period of a year and a half to two hours , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake , i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone , and i did what i should have , which would have been a call to my attending to put it together with him so that he had a chance to take his own picture .
and he knew her , he would have been able to provide additional information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the attending doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so capable of taking his responsibility , that i acted like this , and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending her home , i put a quiet voice in me who tried to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea . "
in fact , i was so lacking in the fact that i asked the nurse who took care of mrs. printer , " do you think it 's okay if she goes home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance , and i came and brought them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , the night i had this feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , i left the hospital and went to the parking lot to drive home with the car when i did something i didn 't normally do .
i went through the door door on my way home .
and there there was another nurse , not the sister who had looked after mrs. printer , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most of the animal i know .
other doctors fear them as well , but it 's very special because we only see the patients so easily .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you sent home ? "
asked the nurse to be specific .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular book .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived at home , after i sent her home , she collapsed and the family called 911 , brought her back to the hospital with a blood pressure that 's a dangerous blood pressure .
she was barely breathing and turned blue .
it was a matter of time .
they gave her a gift .
they closed it to the police station .
i was shocked , and i was devastated .
and i put on this roller coaster because she came to the icu after the emergency surgery , and i was hoping she 'd recover .
and after two or three days , she realized she would never wake up again .
she had suffered a severe brain damage .
her family gathered together .
and in the course of the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to the president .
on the day of the day of the year , you asked her to leave mrs. --
they say that you never forget the names of those who never forget .
and that was the first time i ever learned this myself .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of shameful shame .
the most pathetic way i talk about is the one that makes you sick in the heart .
it 's the one who tells you that what you did is not bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't at the bottom of my heart , he was very sweet .
he was talking to the family , and i 'm sure he was the one who made sure i wasn 't being sued .
but i have now asked myself these questions .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it lay .
i started to feel better .
and then on a rainy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out and i said maybe i could feel better .
and i have acted with myself that if i had made my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake that the voice could be silenced .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at the university hospital in a nearby hospital north of toronto , and i was doing a 25 year old man with his throat cut .
there was a lot going on and i 'm in a hurry .
he always showed up here .
i looked in my throat and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a diet coke for penicillin and sent him away .
and even when he left the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next office , and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" do you remember the patient with the severed throat ? "
it turns out he was a drug dealer .
he had a potentially , potentially , a disease called " a " .
you can download the flow , but it 's not an infection of the frontal lobe , but the upper airway , causing the airway to the airway .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he got a couple of days later , he got a couple of days ' rest .
and i went back through the same ordeal of shame and shame , felt free and went to work until it happened again and again .
i 've missed appendicitis twice in a week .
there 's a lot of that , especially considering you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at that time .
in both cases , i didn 't send her home , and there probably wasn 't any flaws in her treatment .
one of them i thought he was a good guy .
i ordered the chest x-ray of the kidneys , and when it was without a trace , my colleague at the patient 's tox screen , he put a chest tube in the lower right sector , and called the hospital .
the other one had strong diarrhea .
i have ordered to see him , and i asked my colleague to see him too .
and he did , and when he discovered a power surge in the right lower sector , he called the security guard .
both cases were operated and they were fine .
both cases of death were on me , eating me up .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues claim , but total nonsense .
some of my favorite things have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem , if i can 't close my mistakes and talk about them , if i can keep the quiet voice that tells me what really can 't find , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same ones ?
if i went to a room like this , i have no idea what you think about me .
when was the last time you heard of someone who said failure about failure ?
oh , yeah , you go to a cocktail party , and you like to hear about some other doctor , but you 're not gonna hear someone talk about their own mistakes .
and , in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that a drug dealer in my hospital would have taken someone 's wrong leg off , believe me , i would have trouble looking into his eyes .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it 's a system in which there are two basic positions , which make mistakes , and those who do not make , those who , who , with no exception , with no bad results and the good results .
it 's almost a more painful reaction , like antibodies attacking a human .
and there is the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from the medicine that we remain a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely essential .
we work in a system where every day mistakes happen in which one of the 10 star wars is either a false or false or false or false , in which it will always and always cause more and more destruction or dead .
in this state of this state , the canadians are about to die of a fatal error .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is the number of 100,000 .
both are strong , because we don 't look at the problem exactly as we should .
and it 's the main thing .
in a hospital in which the medical knowledge all two or three years is doubled , we can 't keep up .
there is no such thing .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error , so that we can take a perfect blood test for a patient with chest pains .
and then i take the same patient with the same patient with the same , i make him sweaty and chatty , and i give him a slight , breathing breath , and suddenly the story is filled with contempt .
i don 't take the same course .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars , they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all of this in a nutshell , mistakes are inevitable .
so , if you take the system the way i was taught , and all of the world 's most powerful , then there 's no one left .
and do you know the history of people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then her pupils expand , they hit their head , then they look down and swallow hard and start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i make . "
what you need is an environment you can provide .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the new attending doctor is a human being , knows for his humanity , accepts it , is not proud to make mistakes , but puts everything to learn from them so it can be passed .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports when others speak of her mistakes .
and she 's showing others their mistakes , not to expose them , but in a loving , caring way that all of them benefit .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if that 's so , people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the new attending doctor .
i 'm a human being , i make mistakes .
i 'm sorry i 'm late , but i try to learn best from it to pass on to others .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with it .
i remember .
i 'll talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's a matter of ...
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i will tell you three stories before to use time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
i suppose you know he was here in the first place .
you may think that he was chasing a bunch of wild animals , but that 's not true .
actually , he was collecting fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was a ...
up to the ' 80s , he was fished in a great style .
now he 's standing on the red list of different kinds .
we 've heard this story many times about the world 's or other places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're still getting to the main bridge .
we still think they 're originally .
the brochures still describe them as untouched .
what happened here ?
the second story is supposed to be a different concept , to clarify a new concept that is a very different concept .
because i experienced it when i studied a lagoon in 1971 .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a bad sunburn , and i was convinced i really didn 't come from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and a few of a pair of orange trees .
there have been a number of , like , 20 of the , uh , the , uh , the , uh ...
those who were the most powerful of these , the fishermen lived well , and they lived well , and they were good at making the most profitable .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
she grew , she grew five inches .
they were genetically crushed .
there were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to be there .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells me about my complicity in the introduction of the south african government in southeast asia .
in the ' 70s , it 's more like the early ' 60s , europe has a lot of black and white .
it meant that in a hundred thousand thousand thousand years ago , the industrial oil industry of this very ugly ship , it was called the four .
i was riding on it , and we were in the whole southern ocean , and especially in the south seas .
we had no words for what we started there .
i now know that it was the bottom of the sea .
90 % of our stock was sponges , other animals connected to the reason .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the rubble , the rubble , the rubble , were the fish .
in essence , the bottom of the sea came on deck , and then came back .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
within a year , you run a series of tests , and then you start with the , uh , the , uh ...
the reason is changed , for - in this case - - a hard reason or soft coral will be crap .
that 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we caught one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill her because they could eat her well .
as a matter of fact , this mountain of debris will be collected every time they go into areas that have never been fished .
but it 's not documented .
we change the world , but we don 't remember it .
we will adapt to the new level and do not remember what was there .
when you put it down , here 's what happens .
there are a few good things on the west coast , the number of the orca , the green of your country , the west coast .
in time it changes , it changes , because for the people , their actions are natural .
every generation sees the images that they take in at the beginning of their life , as standard , and will determine everything .
the difference will be perceived as a loss .
but they don 't take the most painful losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want is to get the pathetic remains .
that is exactly what is now our goal .
we want to get things that are gone or things that aren 't what they were .
you could now think that the problem was about people who certainly did , when they lived in the societies , killed animals , and became aware only after a few generations of what they had done .
because obviously , an animal that there has been a very common animal , is rarely , just before it comes out .
so you don 't lose a very common animal .
you always lose rare animals .
and that is why it is not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we concentrate on the great animals and in the sea they are the big fish .
they get less rare because we catch them .
with that time , there 's little fish left , and we think it 's the fish .
the question is why people accept that .
well , because you don 't know once it was different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence of how you were in an earlier form is not as you would like to disclose the evidence .
for example , there is the anecdote that the captain 's report of a captain something who 's been watching a great war in this area can 't be used , or is not normally not used by a " scientific " .
so we have the situation that people don 't know the past , although we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
that shows the enormous great role that can be played by an actor .
because , by the way , by the way , we basically put back the past .
we bring back the past , which people can 't understand , because the time difference has changed and are very low .
with it , the people who can see and benefit from the insight that allows them to reset their warp coils .
what about the people who can 't because they don 't have access - the people in the middle west , for example ?
here , i think the art and the film might fill the gap and simulations .
this is the simulation of the " the " s " bay .
a long time ago , there was a place where ... 500 years ago .
and you might remember " avatar . "
when you think of " avatar , " when you think of why people were so touched by it , other than the " avatar , " why were you so touched by the vampire queen ?
because it was something a little more ... lost in a way .
so , my recommendation , the only one i 'm going to give is to cameron so he can turn " avatar ii " under water .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to , if you had a typewriter registered to the government .
you also had to register a piece of paper from this typewriter .
the reason the government could trace back where a text came from .
if you found an article with a false record , you were able to track down the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do such a thing , and how much that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
it happens to us today .
and no one seems upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three star charts from today 's existing cell towers .
let 's look at what really happens in the world , we can divide the attacks into categories .
we 've got three of them .
there 's some kind of a thing .
for example , here , this is mr .
and the motives of being a parent are very easy to understand .
these people deserve money .
they use money to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are several known cases of drug trafficking , drug dealers who have earned their money by attacks .
this is vladimir nikolayevich , from the south of estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
- what ?
this is matthew anderson , tariq and so on and so on .
the federal intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence service , two months ago , entered the swiss bank account of mr. sam , and in this account , in this account there were $ 1 million in u.s. when it was frozen .
the whereabouts are unknown .
and i say it is more likely today that we will be victims of a crime in the real world .
and it 's very obvious that this will only get worse .
in the future , most crimes will be played online .
the second world 's second largest security camera we can watch today is not motivated by money .
you are motivated by something else - protests , an opinion , or by your audience .
groups such as anonymous have risen over the past 12 months and have become one of the most powerful in the field of the earth alliance .
so these are the three of them , criminals who do it for the money , like anonymous , who resist it , but the last group are nations , governments running the attacks .
there are cases lying there , just like the one on the street .
it shows what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
it was a ... it was a ...
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy , because it had been hacked .
someone had broken in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week , in a meeting with a senior member of this group , i asked one of the leaders of this group to see if he thought it was possible that because of the most brilliant people had died .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in a way like this ?
it 's a matter of time .
they 're selling them .
what are you gonna do with a " a " ?
well , a certificate requires when you have a web site with an unlimited service , for example .
you can if you go into a foreign foreign
you know , i don 't know .
and that 's exactly what happened in the event of the war .
how is it with the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt , for example ?
well , in egypt in egypt , the insurgents in april of 2011 , the headquarters of the egyptian secret police , and they found a lot of files .
in these files , there was a folder called " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " the " . "
and in this folder , there were notes of one in germany , local , who the egyptian government had sold a few programs that they , in a very large frame , could intercept any communication of the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program to the egyptian government .
that 's right here .
so the western governments of western governments supply foreign governments with government companies so they can go against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany , only a few weeks ago , was found by a trojan who was used by the german army to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're suspected of being suspected in a police car , your phone will be tapped .
but today we are far beyond that .
they 're tapping on their cell phones .
they use the means of the use of resources like the computer to use a trojan that allows them to monitor all their communications , listening to their computer systems , collect their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , then the obvious answer to people , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry .
i have nothing to hide . "
and that logic doesn 't make any sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is not for debate .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a decision between freedom and control .
and while today , in the year of 2011 , we like to trust our governments , every right that we give up is always present .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust a every future government , a government that we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i am a great fan of the great .
the first of the first oil fields were made and were designed to create a simple idea of a simple idea : a mixture of cement , with a degree that matches .
in a very short time , the world 's most powerful , the world 's most wanted .
they put us in a position to build things that were bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
in essence , the most important thing in the history of our time had become the most powerful .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , legos came out with this .
it was called the " automatically painted stone . "
and within less years , legos moved into every household .
it is estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for each person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it possible for everyone .
in the essence , in the center of the world , lego has essentially taken the most powerful , the most powerful of the world , and made it to make it a very special for our imagination .
in the meantime , in the same year at the bell labs , the next revolution was announced the next revolution , the next revolution .
the world of the world was a small , small , small , small , small , small , small , small , small , that would bring us from a world of the most beautiful , the most beautiful , the world in which would bring us to a world where everything was more beautiful .
like the , uh ... like the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh ... the , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , the ,
but there is an expert witness , only for experts .
personally , i do not accept that our time is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to explore this idea how to put the power of engineers into the hands of artists and artists .
a few years ago , i began to develop a form of energy .
let me show you how they work .
we have an electronic system that has a specific function .
they are , they are light , sound , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part is that they connect with magnets .
that way , you can 't put them in the wrong place .
the stones are stone stones .
green is issue , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build a whole lot of bigger oil .
they add a blue blue blue to a green one , and they can make light .
you can put a switch in between them , and that 's how they created a little computer system .
take out the switch to put in a tracking device that 's here to fit in , and you 've made a little indicator .
add this to this , uh , a ... an extra effect , and you 've made an extra set .
i 'll stop this .
beyond the simple play , the fact is that , in fact , it 's a pretty good thing to do .
instead of programming , to program , to program , to program , to program , to program , to program , to program , to program , with simple and simple gestures .
so to speed up the blinking or slow down , just turn to that button and it makes the pulse faster or slower .
the idea behind the internet is that it 's a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction in this world into a stone of stone .
lights , sound , sound , sound waves , engine all should be available .
we used to hand out a bunch of kids and see them play with it .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn at school .
like , like , a , like , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a , uh , a ... a , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , uh , the ,
we 've also brought the men to the village .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in electronic things that began to play with the material as material .
here we see , with the felt , paper , and paper , like ...
a couple of weeks ago , we were taking the liberty bell to see and gave them some of the most technical experience , the only box , wood and paper , and told them , " do what . "
here is an example of a project you 've made , an example of a project that you 've made , a ...
but wait , wait , this is really my favorite .
it 's a lobster of coal that 's afraid of the dark .
for this time of year , a new material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available for everyone .
so it 's the open source .
you can go to the web site , download all the phone records and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of the creators , the inventor , the inventor , the world where we live , the world that we live in , this world is ours .
so , get out and start making up .
thank you .
