and of course , we all share the same stock options .
we 're all born .
we 're running diagnostics .
we have to deal with the inevitable breakup of death , and so it shouldn 't surprise us that we all sing , dance and art .
but interesting is the unique cadence of the song , the rhythm of the dance in every culture .
all these people teach us that there are other ways to navigate , other ways to navigate the earth .
and that 's an idea that , when you think about it , can only fill you with hope .
together , the countless cultures of the world form a web of earthly life that is as important to the good of the earth as the biological genome project known as the biosphere .
the rebirth ceremony is the great legacy of humanity .
it is the symbol of all that we are and what we are capable of as an amazingly resilient species .
and just as the biosphere was worn heavily , this happened with the particle fountain only at greater speed .
and the vital indicator is the extinction of the languages .
when each of you was born in this room , 6,000 languages were spoken on earth .
now a language is not just the totality of speech or a series of expressions .
language is the expression of the human mind .
it 's a means that the soul of a certain culture can access the material world .
every language is like a forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , a spiritual ecosystem .
and those 6,000 languages are being whispered in the ear of children today while we 're sitting here in monterey .
it means that if nothing is done , they 're already dead .
what could be more lonely than being encased in silence , being one of the last of your people to speak your language , no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors , or to expect children ?
and yet this terrible fate actually happens to someone somewhere on earth , like , every two weeks , because of every two weeks , an older man dies and takes the last syllables of an ancient tongue to his grave .
let her be more forgiving . "
and then suddenly you 'd realize what it would be like if you couldn 't speak your own language .
which is why i 'd like to take you on a journey through the nekrit expanse today , a short journey through the nekrit expanse to try to make you understand what was actually lost .
now there are some among us who , in a way , forget that when i say " different possibilities of being , " really different possibilities of being mine .
take , for example , this child of the amazonian rainforest , the people of anaconda , believe that they are breeding the east whale in the belly of sacred snakes .
this is a race that does not distinguish between colours blue and green , as the sky is equal to the forest that men depend upon .
they have a strange language and a language called the linguistic ability to marry someone who speaks a different language .
all this babbling in the mythological past , the strange thing about these great houses , where they speak six or seven languages , however , is that you never hear anyone learn a language .
you just listen and start talking .
or , one of the most fearsome tribes i 've ever lived with , the northern tribes of ecuador , an amazing people first contacted peacefully in 1958 .
in 1957 , five missionaries attempted to make serious contact and made a mistake .
they were throwing bright pictures of themselves out of the air , which we would consider as a friendly gesture , and they forgot that those people from the rainforest in their lives had never seen anything unusual .
they picked up these photographs from the forest floor , tried to see behind the face or the figure , found nothing and concluded that these cards were the devil 's business cards and killed the five missionaries with the spear .
but the getae didn 't just kill outsiders with the spear .
they went through each other .
54 % of the deaths were caused by radiation poisoning .
but at the same time , you had a clear knowledge of the forest that was amazing .
your hunters could smell an animal 's urine from 40 paces away and determine which species it belonged to .
in order to make sense to this sensation , of course , i had to know something about this remarkable faith in voodoo man , and voodoo is not a cult of black magic .
on the contrary , it 's a complex metaphysical imbalance .
it 's interesting .
if i were to ask you to list the great financial records , what would you say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , buddhist or whatever .
a continent is always left out because the assumption was that there is no religious belief in eastern europe .
but what makes voodoo so interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living bear the ghosts .
the spirits can be swept away from under the great water , respond to the rhythm of the dance to temporarily repress the soul of the living , so that the crescent moon for a shining moment becomes god .
people like to say , " you white people go to church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and become god . "
and because you 're possessed , you 're consumed by the spirit .
look at these amazing demonstrations , swirling around in a vat of burning coal , an astonishing irritation of the mind 's ability to manipulate the body into putting up with it in a state of extreme arousal .
well , of all the people i 've met , the aspen of the sierra nevada de santa marta was in the most extraordinary .
descendants of the old tyrannical civilization that continues to migrate to the caribbean populations of colombia and in the wake of the conquest , these people have retreated to a massive vulcan ship over the caribbean border .
in a bloodied continent , these people were the only ones who were never conquered by the spanish .
to this day , they are ruled by a ritual priesthood .
and throughout this time , they 're being introduced culturally into the values of their society , values that sustain the claim that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic or we could say the ecological balance .
it 's so wonderful .
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we , the younger brothers , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
so , natives are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia .
well , what does that mean ?
whether he 's a location of a ghost or a bunch of ore is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british columbia and believed these woods were meant to be cleared .
well , when you start looking at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant .
it 's a photo i took last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is the most powerful compound in the shaman 's repertoire .
this plant contains some very powerful compounds that are very similar to serotonin , serotonin , and serotonin .
in case you 've ever seen the mold , the way you snort this stuff , this substance you manufacture from different species , also contains hydrocarbons .
snorting that powder is about the same as being shot from a rifle barrel , surrounded by paintings and landing on an ocean of electricity .
it 's not a distortion of reality , it 's the resolution of reality .
but the thing about cartilage is that they can 't be taken orally because they 're being force-fed by an enzyme in the human intestine , of course , by the name of algae .
they can only be taken orally in conjunction with some of the other chemicals that brought mao back .
now , the fascinating thing is , the vines contain large amounts of exactly the kind that is necessary to reprogram the vines , so ask yourself .
how can these people from a flora of 80,000 species of plant not find these two viable relatives , which , if combined , create some kind of three-dimensional version , so this whole thing is bigger than the sum of its parts ?
we 're using this great euphemism , attempt and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but when you ask the indians , they say , " the plant speaks to us . "
so , what does that mean ?
this tribe , the valakians , have 17 variations of species that they recognize at a great distance in the forest that seems like a way to our eyes .
and then you ask them how they justify their plants and they say , " i thought you knew something about plants .
i mean , don 't you know anything ? " and i said , " no . "
so it turns out you pick up every 17 variations on a full moon and they sing to you in a different pitch .
well , that doesn 't get you a doctorate at harvard , but it 's much more interesting than counting classes .
well , the problem is that even those of us who have sympathy for the difficult situation of the natives consider them colorful and colorful , however , restrict them to the past while the real world , i.e. our world .
all the cultures have been participating in this dance over and over .
and the problem is not the technology itself .
the sioux no less listened to sioux than they gave bows and arrows when the americans stopped being americans when they were serving horses and horses .
it 's power , the ugly face of rule .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i do much research , people will see the ugly face of political domination .
you know , the genocide , the extinction of people is generally judged , but the destruction of human life , the destruction of human life , is not only judged , but celebrated in general and strictly as part of a federal investigation .
and you can 't understand the suffering of tibet unless you 've experienced it on a cellular level .
this young man 's father has been identified as a follower of the dalai lama .
that meant he was killed instantly during the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled to nepal with her holiness .
his mother was imprisoned as punishment for being wealthy for the crime .
he was smuggled into prison at the age of two to hide under her skirt because she couldn 't live without him .
the sister who committed this brave act was taken to a private hospital .
one day , she accidentally stepped on a bracelet of " mao " and for that infraction , she had to go to a hard labor camp for seven years .
tibet 's suffering may be unbearable , but the spirit of man is unforgettable .
and in the end , we really have a choice .
and it 's humiliating to think that our species may have existed for 600,000 years .
the revolutionary revolution that brought us agriculture , and in that moment , subjugated to the cult of the priesthood , replaced the poetry of the shaman by the prose and hierarchy , specialization and excess was merely created 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old .
well , that superficial story doesn 't tell me we have all the answers to the challenges we face in the coming millennia .
if we ask these innumerable forms of communication about the importance of the continuum , answer with 10,000 different voices .
here 's a photo i took on the north end of the rainbow bridge when i went to the orchid show with quantrill and this man , kehaar , told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government has not always handled the inuit very well , and during the formative years of our reign , they were forced to move to settlements .
this old man 's grandfather refused .
the family who was afraid for his life took away all the weapons and tools .
now you must know the inuit are not afraid of the cold .
the safety features of your sleds were originally made from fish wrapped in plastic explosives .
the man 's grandfather wasn 't afraid of the arctic night or the flying storm .
he slipped out , dropped his pants out of a plastic bag and slipped into his hand , and when the feces began to freeze , he molded them into the shape of a knife .
and when it was completely frozen , he stabbed a dog with it .
he scooped up the dog and improvised a harness , took the skeleton of the dog and improvised a sled , put another dog on it , and ran it through the metal door with the strap on his belt .
you can 't do anything with that .
and this is in many ways a symbol of the resistance of the inuit and all the natives in the world .
the canadian government gave the inuit complete control of an area greater than california and texas combined .
it 's our new homeland , and it 's called the north seas .
it 's an independent area .
an amazing example of a nation , a state that can seek redemption with its inhabitants .
and at the end of the day , i think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have traveled to these distant destinations of the earth , to realize they haven 't been removed at all .
you 're someone 's favorite patient .
they represent parts of the human imagination that have evolved in the past , and for all of us , these children 's dreams become like the dreams of our own children part of the geography of hope .
what we 're finally trying at national geographic is that we believe politicians will never achieve anything .
we believe that nuclear power is not convincing , but we believe that nuclear power can change the world , and so we 're probably the best institution in the world , and our website gets 35 million hits every month .
156 nations send our relief teams .
our magazines are read by millions .
thank you .
we see a lot of digital photos here that you can rearrange seamlessly and continuously , in any way .
and it doesn 't matter how much information we look at , how big these collections are or how big the pictures are .
most of them are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the library of congress , and it 's in an area of 300 volumes .
it also has a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of book writing .
this is dickens ' house .
to prove that this is really a text and not a picture , we can do something like this to really show that this is a real line of work and not a picture .
maybe this is an artificial way of reading a book depository .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
this is a federal case .
each great picture is the beginning of a leg .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience of reading a genuine article of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of psychic with multiple personality disorders .
we also did something at the corner of this particular copy of the guardian .
we designed a false ad with a very high resolution much higher than a normal ad , and we added additional content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical specifications .
and this really raises these ideas to eliminate the restrictions for available space on the screen .
we hope that doesn 't mean any more nonsense - that shouldn 't be necessary .
of course , the higgs boson is one of the really obvious applications for technology like this .
and i really don 't want to spend much time here , except to say that we 're going to be contributing to this area .
but these are all the roads in the tri-state area .
nasa 's most sophisticated image .
let 's get something else out of here .
you can check it out .
this is a project that connects two different technologies .
one is a top researcher , and the other is a very good research on cyber attacks by noah valiquette , an adjunct professor of the university of washington ,
and rick kester 's research was done .
so this is live on the internet .
you can see that when we create this kind of view where we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the resolution multiple .
but the spatial configuration of the images is indeed significant here .
i 'm not sure i have time to show you other environments .
there are many who are much more resourceful .
we had to worry about the lawyers and everything .
so these are all random , and they 're all in a relationship this way .
and we can navigate this very simple way .
you know , i never thought i 'd end up working at microsoft .
i 'm very grateful for the reception here .
i 'm guessing you can see that these are a lot of different kinds of cameras , all in on the pro bono work , a pretty big number of them all stitched up in this area .
and if possible , i 'll find some of the strange ones .
many of them are covered by faces , etc .
there 's a series of photographs here somewhere .
this is actually a poster of notre dame that was properly recorded .
we can switch from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point is that we can do things with the social environment , and now it 's collected data from all of the collective memory of what the earth looks visually and everything is connected .
all these photos are connected , and it 's creating something bigger than the sum of the pieces .
you will receive a model from all over the earth .
consider this the continuation of stephen huntley 's work to virtual earth .
and that 's something that grows with the complexity that people use it , and its uses for users always grow larger .
her own photos are linked to metadata , which another person entered .
and , of course , byproduct all of this are the immense virtual models of every interesting part of the earth that wasn 't just sustained by satellite or satellite imagery , but by collective memory .
thank you .
your software allows that at some point , in the next few years , all the images that someone in the world is using together are basically connected ?
she does nothing but discover .
if you want to draw them up , you can read them through the images .
and she does this because of its contents in the pictures .
and that 's really exciting when you think of the abundance of information that has many of these images .
like when you do a video search for pictures where you enter sentences , and the text of the web site contains a lot of information about what picture that is .
but how about the picture linking you to all your pictures ?
it 's a classic urban myth .
blaise , that 's incredible .
thank you very much .
i 'm gonna tell you some things from my book that , i hope , are in tune with other things that you 've already heard , and i 'm gonna try to make some connections myself if you haven 't noticed .
i want to start with what i call official dogma .
official dogma of what ?
the official record of all western european societies .
our objective is to maximize the value of our citizens .
the reason for this is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , meaningful , an essential requirement for human .
when people have freedom , then each of us is acting on ourselves to do the things that maximize our common good and nobody has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have .
this is , i think , anchored so deep in our water supply , it wouldn 't occur to anyone to question it .
and it 's deeply rooted in our lives , too .
i 'll give you some examples of what makes modern progress possible .
this is my supermarket .
i just want to say something about salad dressing .
so this is how the supermarket is .
and then you go to that fancy store to put together a stereo , speaker , cd player , radio , amps , and in this one electronics store , there are so many stereo systems .
we can put together 5,000 million different stereo systems from the components offered in this one business .
you have to admit , that 's a lot of choice .
in other areas , the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , you could have any phone provider you wanted as long as it came from ma bell .
you rented your phone .
one episode that the phone was never broken .
those days are over .
we have almost an infinite selection of phones now , especially in the world of cell phones .
these are the cell phones of the future .
my favorite is the one in the middle of nowhere , the bird whisperer , and creme brulee 's torch .
and if you haven 't seen this in your store by now , you can be sure you will .
and what it does is make people walk into business and ask that question .
now do you know what the answer to that question is ?
the answer is no .
it 's not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn 't do too much .
in other aspects of life , which are far more significant than buying objects , the same explosion of choices applies .
it 's no longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you we could do a , or we could do b .
" a " has these advantages and risks .
b has these advantages and risks .
and you say , " doctor , what should i do ? "
the doctor says " a " has these advantages and risks , and " b " has those advantages and risks .
what are you gonna do ?
and if you say , " if you were me , doctor , what would you do ? "
the doctor says , " but i 'm not you . "
there 's an enormous marketing scheme for prescription drugs for people like you and me that if you think about it , it doesn 't make any sense because we don 't buy them .
why do they advertise us if we can 't buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor the next morning and ask for a change of prescription .
something as profound as our identity is now a matter of choice how this foil should show .
we don 't inherit an identity , we invent it .
and we reinvent ourselves as much as we want .
that means every day you wake up in the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time when the marriage ceremony was that almost everyone had one and that they got married as quickly as they could , and then children as quickly as they could .
the only real choice was " who , " not when , not what they did afterwards .
everything 's easy these days .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i give them 20 % less work than i used to .
and that 's not because you 're less smart , and not because you 're less careful .
it 's because you 're busy asking yourself , " should i get married or not ?
should i get married later ?
they 're all questions .
and you 're going to answer these questions regardless of whether that means doing all the chores i 've given you and not getting a good grade in my class .
and in fact , you should .
_
there 's a corner , by the way , that i 'm not gonna tell anyone about where the power grid works .
i 'm not gonna tell you because i want to use it .
so what it means , this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions regarding work , over and over again , whether we should work or not .
we can watch our kids play soccer , and we have our cell phone on one hip , and our blackberry on another hip , and our laptop probably on our laps .
and even though they 're all shut down , every minute we watch our kid mutilate a computer , do we ask ourselves , " should i take this call ?
should i answer that e-mail ?
and even if the answer to the question " no , " it certainly will imprint your experience of your child 's well-being differently than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and little things , material things and lifestyle , life is a matter of choice .
and the world we lived in looked like this .
my point is , there were some options , but not everything was a matter of choice .
and the world we live in now looks like this .
and the question is , is that good news or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what 's good about it , so i 'm gonna be bad about it .
all these choices have two effects , two negative effects on humans .
an effect , scientifically speaking , is that it paralyzes instead of freeing .
with so many options to choose from , people are very hard to decide at all .
i 'm going to give you another drastic example of investing in voluntary retirement funds .
a colleague of mine had access to security footage from vanguard , the massive cash flow of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was the 10 percent benefit the employer offered .
why ?
because there are 50 candidates to choose from , it 's so hard to decide which one to choose that you put off for tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and of course , tomorrow never comes .
by not participating , they 're giving up $ 5,000 a year from the drone program that would have been happy to multiply their contributions .
paralysis is a result of too many choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
you really want to make this decision right when it 's forever , right ?
you don 't want to choose the wrong investment fund or even the wrong salad dressing .
so that 's the one effect , the other effect is that even if we get past the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less satisfied with the outcome of the selection than if we had the opportunity to choose less choices .
and there are several reasons for this .
the more opportunities there are , the easier it is to not regret anything at all that is disappointing for the choice you make .
second , what economists call financial institutions .
dan gilbert made a big point this morning telling how much the way we evaluate things depends on what we 're comparing .
well , if there are a lot of options to consider , it 's easy to imagine attractive qualities that you rule out , that makes you less comfortable with the alternatives you 've chosen .
for those of you who aren 't new yorkers , i apologize .
but here 's what you should have thought .
here 's a couple in the hamptons .
very expensive real estate .
beautiful beach .
what could be better ? " damn " man thinks , " it 's august .
everyone in my neighborhood is gone .
i could park right outside my house . "
and he spends two weeks chasing the idea that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking space day after day .
security measures are lowering the satisfaction we get from our choices , even if what we choose is fantastic .
and the more opportunities to choose from , the more attractive qualities of this selection are taken into account in the polls .
here 's another example .
well , this cartoon 's making some statements .
he 's making a statement about living in the now , and maybe doing things slowly .
but an important point he makes is that whenever you choose one thing , you choose not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive qualities , and it will make them less attractive .
third , escalating expectations .
this hit me when i was changing my jeans .
i wear jeans most of the time .
so went to buy new jeans after many years of old age bonding , and i said , " i 'd like a pair of jeans , here 's my size . "
and the seller said , " do you want slim , light , or wide ?
do you want buttons or zipper washed , stone or acid ?
you want jeans with holes ?
if you want to be cut way down , slice , slice , blah blah blah ... " and so forth he tells .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , " i 'd like the kind that used to be the only kind . "
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour trying on all these damn jeans , leaving the business , and i 'm telling the truth about the best jeans i 've ever had .
all those choices made me feel better .
but i felt worse .
i wrote a whole book to try and explain it to myself .
the reason i felt worse , with all these available options , my expectations for what makes a good pair of jeans went up .
i had very low expectations .
when they came in 100 fucking ways , one of them should have been perfect ,
and what i got was good , but it wasn 't perfect .
and so i compared what i 'd gotten to what i expected , and what i had was disappointing compared to what i expected .
adding opportunities to people 's lives inevitably increases people 's expectations about how good these opportunities will be .
and this leads to fewer satisfaction with the results , even if the results are good .
because if you did , you wouldn 't know what this is all about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason things used to be better than anything was worse than they were worse , was to give people experience that were a pleasant surprise .
today , in the world we live in , we wealthy , hard-working citizens , with perfection as expectation , the best thing you can ever hope for is things as good as you expect them to be .
you 'll never get comfortable because your expectations , my expectations , are crushing .
the secret to the honeymoon suite is what you 've all come for . the secret to privacy is low expectations .
i 'd like to say a brief moment for me to be married to a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
i couldn 't have done better .
but settling down isn 't always such a bad thing .
when hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and you buy one that 's disappointing , and you ask why is responsible ?
is it also clear that the answer to the question is you .
you could have done better .
with 100 different types of jeans in the window , there 's no excuse for mistakes .
and so , when people make decisions , and even if the results of the decisions are good , they feel disappointed , they blame themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
and so the main thing is that we 're generally better , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
it 's not true .
there 's no question a little choice is better than none , but there 's no such thing as a better selection .
i don 't know what it is .
i 'm pretty sure we missed this point a long time choosing our common good .
now , as a rule of question , i 'm almost done as a tenet of thinking about the whole thing , which allows all of these choices to go to corporate gigs is wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we 've heard of many of them whose problems aren 't too many choices .
your problem is you 're short .
so the things i 'm talking about are an odd problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what 's so frustrating and annoying is that steve levitt told you yesterday about how this expensive and elusive business opportunity doesn 't help .
what i 'm telling you is that these expensive complicated decisions are not easy for you to not help .
they even hurt .
they 'll make us look worse .
if something of what allows the people of our society to make decisions about the societies where people have been pushed around , not only would people 's lives be improved , but ours would also be improved .
economists call this an informal application .
- --
in conclusion , please read this cartoon , and , a highly sophisticated person , says , " ah !
you know nothing about this fishbowl . "
impoverished imagination , a shortsighted view of the world , and that 's the way i first read it .
but the more i thought about it , the more i thought the fish knew something .
you have paralysis .
if you break the goldfish bowl so that anything is possible , you 'll lower your expectations .
they increase the paralysis and lower the satisfaction .
everybody needs a fishbowl .
this is almost certainly too limited for the fish , definitely for us .
but the absence of a metaphorical fishbowl is a recipe for misery , and , i suppose , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i 've talked about some of these projects before , about the human genome and what that could mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we 're starting from a new point , we 've digitized biology , and now we 're trying to get from digital code into a new phase of biology by creating new life and building .
we 've always tried to ask important questions .
what 's life ?
we 've tried various approaches to simplify it to the minimum components .
we 've been digitized for almost 20 years , when we moved on to the world of biology to the computer 's digital world .
now we 're trying to ask if we can regenerate lives or if we can create new life from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , a microscopic genome , that can replicate itself in the lab , and we 've been trying to reach it with an even smaller genome .
we managed to forego about a hundred genes from the 500 or so that are here .
so we 've decided that the only way forward is to actually synthesize this chromosome which allows us to vary the individual components and ask some of these fundamental questions .
so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does chemistry allow it to create these really big molecules that 's never been done before ?
and if we can do that , can we launch the chromosome ?
a chromosome , by the way , is just a piece of microscopic chemical material .
our steps in the evolution of life were exponential .
our ability to write genetic code has evolved very slowly but has increased nonetheless , and our final point would now be set on a downward curve .
we started this 15 years ago .
it actually took a couple of years to start a review before we did the first experiments .
as it turns out , spy work is very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make small pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it 's a process , so the longer you make a piece , the more mistakes happen .
so we had to develop a new method to put these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , starting with digital information , of the united nations phi x.
it 's a small virus that kills bacteria .
we created small pieces , made a study group and had a dna molecule of roughly 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of necrotic chemical and put it into a bacteria , and the bacteria started reading the genetic code and making viral particles .
the viral particles were then released from the cells and came back and killed e. coli .
i spoke to the oil industry recently , and they said they understood this model perfectly .
they laughed more than you do here .
so we think that 's a situation in the software can actually build its own hardware in a biological system .
design is the key , and if you want to launch digital information on the computer , that digital information has to be accurate .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the dna sequence was one mistake per 10,000 square feet .
if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible to reboot .
part of the design is to create pieces that are 50 letters long and have to overlap with other rectangular pieces to build smaller pieces to match them .
we 've installed unique elements here .
you may have heard that we 've installed emergency generators .
think about it .
these letters encode these letters like 20 amino acids ; and here 's a single destiny for each one of these .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , phrases , thoughts .
at first , we just signed .
some people were disappointed it wasn 't poetry .
we designed the pieces so that we could simply disassemble them with enzymes and make them whole again .
and we started making pieces , starting with pieces that contained the cyrillic to cyrillic letters , added them together to put them together to put them back together , up to date .
every step of the way , we produced these slices in excess so we could push them out because we were trying to create a very sturdy process that you 'll see in a minute .
we 've been trying to get to the point of the attack .
well , this looks like a family portrait .
if we can get to these really big pieces with over 100,000 light bulbs , they won 't just grow into e. coli , it 's beyond all possibility of modern molecular biology , and so we turned to other mechanisms .
we knew there was a mechanism known as cellular regeneration , used by biology to repair dna that could put these pieces together .
here 's an example of it .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome just falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it all came back to the way it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can get totally dehydrated , they can even live in the vacuum .
i 'm absolutely certain that life in space can exist and move , searching for conditions beyond repair .
actually , nasa showed a lot of it out there .
here 's a sample of the molecule we 've created using these processes - - actually , we 've only used paste them together with the right design .
it 's not a standard procedure . it 's a standard procedure .
it 's such a big molecule , we can even see it with the host body .
that 's six seconds of footage .
this is the paper we just finished .
it 's the largest molecule of ever created by humans .
it has an excess of 300 million .
if we print it out with a 10 and a zero , it would involve 142 pages just to minimize that genetic code .
well , how do we start a chromosome ?
obviously , it 's very simple with a virus .
it 's just as easy when you do it in government terms as we do it , you just take out the intersect and you put someone else in it , and that 's exactly what they 've all heard about the cloning .
the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but recently , we 've shown that you can perform a complete transplant from one cell to the other and activate it .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought this was the end , but we tried to move on to the trial .
it 's the evolution angle here .
we find all kinds of species here that have recorded a second chromosome or a third from somewhere , thousands of chromosomes on a single second basis .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that 's changed at a time have missed a lot of biology .
there are enzymes called the dna resequencing .
the chromosome in the cell doesn 't have any , the chromosomes we 've inserted .
it was screened in the cell and recognized the other chromosome as foreign material , and so all we ended up with was a cell with a new chromosome .
it turned blue because of the genes we inserted .
and after a very short time , it had lost all the characteristics of the species and converted completely into a new species based on the new software we put into the cell .
all the proteins changed the membranes when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we transferred .
it may sound like myasthenia gravis , but we can , uh , postpone the launch sequence , change things pretty dramatically .
now i 've argued that this isn 't genesis . it 's based on 3.5 billion years of evolution .
and i 've argued that we might be about to create a new form of thermonuclear explosion in which there could be massive new pathways based on this digital design .
why would we do that ?
i think it 's pretty obvious what we need .
we 're up to six and a half billion people in the next 40 years .
i was born in 1946 .
today there are three people on this planet for everyone who existed in 1946 ; within 40 years , there will be four .
we have food problems with fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 6.5 billion people .
it 's gonna be a challenge for nine .
we need over five billion tons of coal , 6,000 billion barrels of oil .
when we think about biological trials or any process to replace them , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there 's all the co2 in the atmosphere .
now , from our discoveries all over the world , we have a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the future 's top priority .
the borg collective had a dozen components , and look at the diversity created by it .
we are primarily pushing the boundaries of biological reality and those of our imagination .
we have technology today based on this rapid progression to do what we call cross-species genetics .
we now have a chance to build a large robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you imagine creating these 20 million different genes or optimizing these processes in order to create new vaccines , we can change more with just one small team of molecular biology than the last 20 years of science .
and it 's just selective selection .
it 's a recording of real estate deals we 're working on that you actually sit down and design new species on the computer .
we know exactly what their genetic code will look like .
we are now concentrating on the fourth generation of science .
you recently saw corn with ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we have satellite images of the third generation coming out relatively soon that will have much higher levels of carbon dioxide , like hydrogen atoms or different species of carbon dioxide .
but , as we think , the only way that biology is gonna have a huge impact without further increase in food or restriction of their availability is if we see co2 as a carbon monoxide leak , and so we 're working on those cells that way ,
and we think we 're gonna be the first ones with the fourth generation blood , and in about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different methods .
this is an organism we described in 1996 .
he lives in the depths of the deep sea , near boiling boiling water .
it converts co2 to methane using hydrogen as a power source .
we 're looking into whether we can use compressed co2 , which could easily be brought to waste , converting co2 into fuel to power this process .
within a short period of time , we think we might be able to solve one of life 's basic questions .
yeah , if you couldn 't do that with ted , where else ?
but that 's exactly what we 're working on right now , using the same approaches to develop alien dna .
you 've seen it with the flu this year , we 're always a year behind , and we 're a dollar short when it comes to the right vaccine .
i think that can be changed by creating vaccines in the replicator system .
that 's what the future could possibly look like with changes , can be accelerated today with synthetic bacteria , viral infections , and possibly viral infections .
thank you .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the homecoming dance .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
and for those who weren 't there , the most scientific experiment ever approached was 27 kilometers in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a second after the dawn of the universe and up to 600 million times in a second .
it 's just breathtaking ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we 're taking pictures of these ghost detectors .
this is the one i 'm working on .
here 's a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the opening sequence .
on september 10th last year , the machine started for the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it caused tremendous cheering in the control room .
it 's a picture of the first pulsar cluster that crashed all the way around the asteroid belt , then deliberately collided with a piece of the debris to put a rain of particles on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10th , we knew the machine worked , which is a great triumph .
i don 't know if this created the greatest cheering or this , when someone visited the google site and found the google page like this .
it means we 've reached a cultural influence next to the scientific community .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires here .
these wires run hydraulic amps when the machine goes on the fritz .
well , the engineers beneath you will look at them and say , " no , they won 't .
they can afford it , because if you cool them down a long way , they become something of a sort .
at minus 271 degrees , so , colder than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand the tension .
in one of the compounds between the magnets in the power grid , there was a power surge .
it causes the wires to heat slightly , and electric amps suddenly encountered electrical resistance .
this was the result .
well , this is even more impressive if you imagine the magnets weighing over 20 tons and shifting about an inch .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to remove what we did .
we redid it , repaired it .
they 're all on their way back now .
by the end of march , the containment field will be back on line .
we 'll turn it on and expect to collect first data in june or july and continue our journey to find out what the building blocks of the universe are .
well , of course , in a way like this , accidents will rekindle the debate over the value of science and science on such borders .
i think the fact that it 's so hard , the fact that we 're reaching beyond our borders is what makes the value of things like the quantum leap .
thank you .
i 'm a writer .
writing books is my profession , but it 's more than that , of course .
it 's also my great lifelong love and fascination .
and i don 't expect that to ever change .
however , recently , something strange happened in my life and my career that made me completely rethink my relationship to this work .
the result is that no matter where i go , i 'll be treated like i 'm doomed .
seriously , doomed !
for example , you come at me worried and say , " aren 't you afraid you 'll never exceed that success ?
aren 't you afraid of writing your whole life and never creating another book that anyone in the world cares about ?
okay , that 's real brave .
people said you 're not afraid to succeed .
aren 't you afraid the humiliation of rejection will kill you ?
aren 't you afraid that you 'll spend your life pursuing this craft and that nothing ever comes out of it and you 'll die on a pile of broken dreams - your mouth filled with bitter ashes of failure ?
sort of , you know .
the answer - the short answer to all these questions is yes .
yeah , i 'm afraid of all these things .
and i always did .
and i 'm afraid of a lot more things no one would suspect .
like algae - - and other scary things .
but when it comes to writing , i 've been thinking about it lately , wondering why .
is that reasonable ?
is it logical that someone should be expected to do the work they 're appointed to ?
and what exactly is going on with creative enterprise that makes us insecure about each other 's mental state in a way other professions don 't ?
my father , for example , was a chemist , and i can 't remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist who was asked if he was afraid of being a chemist .
how are you ?
it just didn 't happen , you know ?
but to be fair , the group of chemists haven 't gotten the reputation of manic depressive people over the centuries .
we writers seem to have this kind of reputation , but not just the writers , but the creative of all styles seem to have this reputation for mentally unstable .
all you have to do is look at the bitterness of truly great minds from the 20th century that died young and often by itself .
and even those who didn 't commit suicide seemed really neglected by their talents .
norman mailer said , just before he died in his final interview , every one of my books killed me a little bit more .
an extraordinary statement you can make about your life 's work .
the question i want to ask everyone here today is , is this idea completely okay with you ?
are you comfortable with that ?
i think you 're despicable .
and i don 't want to see it taken over to the next century .
i think it 's better if we encourage our great creative to live .
and i definitely know that for me , in my situation , it would be very dangerous to start taking this dark path of supposition , so to speak , especially in the fact that i 'm in my career .
i 'm just about 40 years old .
i may have another 40 inside me .
and it 's highly probable that everything i 'm gonna write from now on is judged as the work that came after the awesome success of my last book , right ?
i say it straight , because we 're all kind of friends here now - - it 's highly probable that my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can get someone to start drinking gin at 9 : 00 a.m. , and i don 't want that .
i 'd rather keep doing the work i love .
so the question is , how ?
after a while of studying , it seems to me that in order to continue to write , i have to design some sort of existential psychological construct .
somehow , from now on , i have to find a way to keep a safe distance between me and my very natural anxiety about how the reaction to the writing will be .
this search led me to ancient greece and ancient rome .
please follow me , because the circle will close again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn 't believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was some sort of divine affirmation that came to man for a distant , unknown source for inexplicable reasons .
the greeks called these divine manifestations of the creativity of predatory demons .
socrates knows that he believed he had a demon who told him wisdom from afar .
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of playful spirit a mindless genius .
the romans didn 't really think a genius was a particularly smart individual .
that 's brilliant - - there it is , there 's the distance i was talking about - the psychological construct to protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everybody knew it worked , right ?
the artistic director was protected from certain things , like , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you couldn 't take the credit for yourself .
if your work fails ... not entirely your fault , right ?
everyone knew your genius was a little lame .
that 's how the western people thought about creativity for a really long time .
it 's the beginning of the rational mind game , and people began to believe that creativity came from its own individual .
for the first time in history , people say this artist or that artist is a genius instead of having a genius .
i have to tell you , i think this was a big mistake .
it 's like asking someone to swallow the sun .
it distorts and distorts entire egos , creating all these unattainable expectations of success .
i think that 's what killed our artists for the last 500 years .
and if that 's true , and i think it 's true , the question is :
can we change it ?
perhaps an ancient understanding of the relationship between humans and the mystery of creative .
maybe not .
maybe we can 't just wipe out the idea of 500 years of robotics in a rational lecture .
and there are certainly people in this audience who would make a valid scientific doubt about the idea of - - basically , fairies who follow people and apply them to their projects .
i probably won 't be able to take all of them on this trip .
but the question i want to raise is why not ?
why not think so ?
because it makes as much sense as anything else i 've heard about , when it comes to explaining the absolutely insane feats of creative process .
a process that , as everyone knows , has ever tried to do anything , so in other words , everyone here doesn 't always behave rationally .
in fact , sometimes it can feel downright discouraging .
she said it was like a puff of air ,
who would trample on you over the land .
she felt when it came , because it would make the earth tremble beneath her feet .
she knew there was only one thing she could do at a time like this , and that was , in her words , racing like the devil itself .
and then there were these moments - - that part i 'll never forget - - she said there were moments when she almost missed it .
she caught the poem on his dick and pulled it back into her body and took it on the paper .
on these occasions , the poem arrived clean and intact on paper but backwards from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought it was creepy - that 's exactly how my creative process works .
this isn 't like my creative process - i 'm not the canal !
i 'm a mule , so i can work every day at the same time i have to get up and sweat , sweat , sweat , sweat , sweat , sweat , and sweat .
but even me in my cubicle sometimes grazed this thing .
and i guess a lot of them did , too .
even i had work or ideas coming out of a source that i really can 't identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we deal with this without losing our minds , but maintaining our sanity on the contrary ?
for me , the best living example of how to do this is the musician , tom waits .
most of his life , tom was the embodiment of the modern artist trying to control these uncontrollable creative impulses that lived in him and deal with them .
but then he got older and calmer .
he doesn 't have a piece of paper , he doesn 't have a pen , he doesn 't have a tape recorder .
so he starts this old anxiety in him , like i 'm gonna lose this thing and be haunted by this song forever .
i 'm not good enough , i can 't make it .
but instead of panicking , he just stopped .
he finished the whole train of thought and did something completely new .
he just looked up into the sky and said , " excuse me , can 't you see i 'm driving ? "
do i look like i could write a song right now ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a more convenient moment when i can take care of you .
if not , torture someone else today .
go torture leonard cohen .
his whole life cycle changed after that .
not the work itself .
there could be an odd , wondrous , bizarre collaboration , some kind of conversation between tom and the exotic , exotic thing that wasn 't entirely tom .
when i heard that story , it changed the way i worked , and it saved me once .
not only bad , but the worst of all time .
i started to think i should just abandon the project .
but then i remembered tom talking in the open sky , and i tried .
so i took a look at the manuscript and i took my comment to an empty corner of the room .
i said out loud , listen , you thing , you and i both know if this book isn 't brilliant , it 's not entirely my fault , right ?
because you can see i 'm investing everything i have .
so if you want to get better , you have to show up here and keep your end of the bargain .
okay .
i 'm still gonna keep writing because that 's my job .
and i would like to state for the record that i was here today for my part of the job .
for ... in the end , it is as follows ... centuries ago , in the deserts of arid people , they have gathered together ... with sacred dances and music that have been held for hours ... until dawn .
those parties were always great , because the dancers were professional , and they were fantastic .
but every once in a while , very rarely , something special happened .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you 've all seen such a performance in your life .
it was as if time stood still and the dancer walked through some kind of portal , doing nothing different than he 'd ever done before , but it all adds up .
and suddenly , he no longer seemed pure human .
he was lit up from the inside and lit up from the bottom and everything fell through a divine fire .
when something like this happened , people knew what it was .
they put their hands together and began to sing :
that 's god , you know ?
when an actor in spain has done something impossible , something magical , epic allah , ol , ol , great , bravo chant , there it is : a glimpse of god .
and that 's great , because we need this .
but the tricky part follows the next morning when the dancer wakes up himself and realizes it 's 11 : 00 on a tuesday and he 's no longer carrying a glimmer of god .
he 's just an aging mortal with aching knees , and maybe he 'll never rise to those heights again .
and maybe no one will ever call god 's name when he turns , but what 's he gonna do with the rest of his life ?
it 's hard .
it 's one of the most lucrative corrections of creative life .
but maybe it doesn 't have to be so full of pain if you didn 't think the most extraordinary aspects of your existence would come from you .
if you think you 're just a loan from an unimaginable source for an exquisite time of your life passed on to someone else when you 're done .
when we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
that 's how i started thinking , and so i 'm sure over the past few months , while i 've been working on the book that will soon appear as the dangerous , terrifying , expected successor to my awesome success .
what i have to tell myself when i go crazy about it is don 't be afraid .
don 't be discouraged .
just do your job .
keep up the good work , whatever he may be .
if your job is to dance , dance .
if the stupid divine genius that you have chosen chooses to show a glimmer of wonder through your efforts , then ol !
and if you don 't , dance your dance anyway .
and ol !
i believe in it , and i feel like we should teach it .
in spite of everything , just for having the mere human love and obstinacy to be there for it .
thank you .
thank you .
ole !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic ice cap had the size of the lower 48 states for nearly three million years to shrink 40 % .
but this doesn 't express the gravity of this particular problem because it doesn 't show the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic ice cap is the heart of our global warming process .
it grows in winter and shrinks in summer .
the next slide i show you is a slide show that 's happened in the last 25 years .
the beacon is marked with red .
as you can see , it grows on the dark blue , which is the annual ice cream in winter , and it shrinks in the summer .
the so-called bone fragment , five years old or older , is almost like blood coming out of this body .
in 25 years , it 'll be gone from here to here .
this is a problem because the warming thaws the frozen reason around the arctic ocean , where there 's large quantities of carbon that , when it thaws , is converted to methane by microbes .
compared to the entire amount of gaseous substances in the atmosphere , this amount could double if we cross this critical point .
even today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane bubbles out of the water itself .
professor katie walter of the university of alaska has traveled with another study group to another shallow lake last winter .
wow !
the question is , how are we going to be ?
and one reason is this enormous amount of oxygen is warming greenland from the north .
this is a non-smoking facility .
but the volume is much larger than ever .
this is the southeast corner of greenland .
if you want to know how sea level rises by sea level , here it flows into the sea .
these rivers are rapidly closing .
on the other side of the planet , antarctica , the largest agricultural colony on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent now has a negative tolerance policy .
and the oxygen scrubbers that have surfaced over a few hydrogen atoms are particularly strong in melting .
this is about 20 feet of ice , just like greenland .
in the himalayas , the hindu kush mountain , they see new lakes up there that were glaciers a few years ago .
40 % of all the people in the world get half their share of the profits from this crap .
in the andes , this glacier is the source for this city .
i 'm sorry .
but if they dry up , most of the drinking water will boil down .
in california , a 40 % reduction in the sierra region has been seen .
this concerns the mining operation .
and the predictions of how you read them are serious .
this dehydration throughout the world leads to a dramatic increase in firing .
and disasters all over the world have put on a really big scale , and never before put on a more serious scale .
four times as many in the last 30 years as in the ' 50s .
this is a fully functional muscle relaxant .
if you look at this in historical context , you can see what it does .
for the past five years , we 've produced 70 million tons of co2 every 24 hours , 25 million tons into the ocean every day .
take a good look at the area of the eastern pacific , from the american continent , west of the indian gulf , where there 's a drastic drop in the ocean .
the biggest factor in global warming besides logging , which is 20 % burning fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is still the biggest problem .
the united states is one of the largest private contractors , along with china .
and the suggestion was to build a lot of other construction sites .
but we 're starting to see a change .
here are the ones that have been painted over the past few years with some green alternatives proposed .
there 's a political dispute in our country .
and the investment firms and investment firms have spent a quarter of a million dollars to apply clean cash , which is already a contradiction in itself .
this image reminded me of something .
walking around christmas , at my house in tennessee , a billion tons of office supplies .
you probably saw it on the news .
this is in our entire country of america 's most wanted .
this happened at christmas .
one of the tv commercials for christmas was this one .
frosty the milky way is a jolly , jolly fellow .
it 's in abundance in america , and it helps our economy grow .
frosty , the ice cream truck gets cleaner every day .
it 's affordable and lovable , and workers stay in wages and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful miner is the head of massey coal .
let me be perfectly clear .
so the alliance for trade negotiations started two campaigns .
this is a part of her .
at this rate , we consider climate change a serious threat to our business .
that 's why we took it upon ourselves to spend a considerable sum of money to get a promotion on the way to get the truth about money .
the fact is , coal isn 't dirty .
we think she 's clean and smells good too .
so don 't worry about climate change .
leave it to us .
you 've heard a lot about it .
so let 's do a tour of these modern , clean , wholesome places .
fantastic !
but it 's the sound of the clean slate .
and yet burning coal is one of the main causes for global warming , the remarkably clean surface temperatures you see here changes everything .
take a good look , this is today 's clean slate .
finally , the positive alternative is mixing with our economic challenge and our national security challenge .
america is in crisis , economy , national security , the oil crisis .
the red thread that connects them all is our dependence on fossil fuels like dirty coal and foreign oil .
but now there 's a brave new solution to get us out of this predicament .
restore america to 100 % clean electricity within the next 10 years
a plan to get america back to work , make us safer and help stop global warming .
finally , a solution big enough to solve our problems .
find out more .
this is the last one .
it 's a matter of national security .
one of the fastest ways to reduce our dependence on old , filthy vermin who suffocate our world .
the future is here .
new investments to create well paid jobs .
it 's time to accept reality .
there 's an old african saying , " if you want to be quick , go alone .
if you want to get far , go together . "
we need to get far , and fast .
thank you .
i 'd like to start by asking you to look at the time of your childhood when you played with matches .
while they realized how to reach out and reach out , pick up and move , they actually learned to think and solve problems by understanding and changing the context .
the spatial thinking is closely linked to how we understand most of our environment .
that question was so moving that we decided to explore the answer and evolve to evolve .
in short , a computer system is a state-of-the-art computer the size of a computer .
they can be moved by hand , they can perceive each other , they can lock on to their movements , and they have a screen and a computer screen .
more importantly , they 're physical , which is why you can only move them through your hands and reach them like blocks .
and the satellite imagery is an example of a new generation of digital data manipulation .
and if these resources become physical and develop a consciousness for their movements , recognize each other , and perceive the nuances of our conversation with them , then we can begin our exploration of new and entertaining entities .
i 'll start with some simple interrogation techniques .
this tracking device is configured for the launch sequence , and if i drop it in one direction , the video will play forward ; if i drop it in the other direction , it 'll go backwards .
and these iconic portraits make each other true .
so if i put it next to each other , it 'll make you interested .
when you 're surrounded by security cameras , you can see that and get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and pitch .
an interesting result of the interactions we began to recognize was that we could use everyday gestures on data , like throwing colors as you do with liquids .
in that case , we 've configured three heat signatures as a feedback loop , and i can use them to pour paint in the middle where they 'll be mixed .
if we overdo it , we can go a little further .
there are also some nice opportunities in education , like languages , mathematics , or cryptography , where we give people the opportunity to get the results right away .
here i am ... this is an audio file i 'm creating with a simple timeline .
it 's a game of words that 's kind of a mix of scrabble and boggle .
basically , you get every round of random letters , and while you 're trying to form words , they 're tested by a dictionary .
then , in about 30 seconds , you get mixed up again , and you have a new ability to test and new possibilities .
thank you .
these are some kids who came to the media lab on a trip .
you really loved it .
an interesting fact about this kind of applications is that you don 't have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is " form words , " and you know exactly what to do .
here 's some more people testing it .
that 's our youngest meth dealer down there on the right .
turns out he was just stacking the deck .
so to him , they were just blocks .
this is an interactive construct .
we were going to develop a tracking system for proton bursts .
this is felix .
he can bring new characters into the scene by lifting the table from the table that shows this character .
this is where he lets the sun rise .
the sun is rising
now he 's bringing in a tractor .
the orange tractor .
good job !
by shaking the sheets and placing them next to each other , he can interact with the characters ...
... make up his own story .
hello !
it 's a story with an open ending , and he can decide how it turns out .
flying cat .
the last example i have time to show today is a theme song we 've recently developed and played in the video game as tones , bass and drums .
each one has four different variations ; you can choose which one you want to use .
and you can put these notes in the sequence that can be arranged in random patterns .
and you feed them by simply pointing a finger at a table .
there are effects that can be changed live , like hall and filter .
you connect him to a certain tone and then you tend him to adjust .
and then even greater effects like speed and volume applied to the entire sequence .
so let 's see .
we 'll start by adding the vocal chords to two separate groups and ordering them to expand and add a little more to the voice .
now i 'm adding a bass .
now i 'll add some drums .
and now i connect the filter to the drums so i can control the effect live .
i can speed up the whole sequence by dropping the tempo one way or the other .
and now i 'm connecting the filter to the bass for a little more expression .
i can adjust the sequence as it expires .
it doesn 't mean i have to plan it in advance , but i can improvise , prolong it or shorten it .
and in conclusion , i can block out the entire sequence by leaning to the left .
thank you .
so as you can see , my enthusiasm is to develop new pathways that match our brains and bodies .
and today , i had time to show you a piece of this new lab work and some of the ways we 're working on .
the thought i 'd like to point out to you is that we 're on the verge of this new generation of interaction with digital media , bringing information to our world that meets our needs .
thank you .
i look forward to talking to you all !
yes , hello .
i 'm glad i 'm here .
yeah , so , what 's next ?
i 'm going to have to stretch out a little bit first , and that 's just because molecular biology is working on it .
i 've been studying molecular biology and i 've been studying biology for a few years now , and i started because i just wanted to know more , and i wanted to do it myself , which i learned in theory .
well , that was my primary motivation .
so it was curiosity , and i kind of wanted to get closer to matter , like that .
i think molecular biology is now in general , so generally speaking , biotechnology , everything you count on , synthetic biology and so on ,
the important thing is that now is extremely important , and more importantly , will become more important in the future .
there are controversial things like all these genetically engineered plants on the planet 's surface .
there 's craig venter from the plasma ducts trying to make fuel tanks , so algae gas .
under the circumstances , there are things that have come completely into everyday life , which most people aren 't aware of , for example , that allow us to do laundry at 40 degrees , are also genetically engineered enzymes .
and the list goes on forever .
so out of the interest in this technology , i just went further in .
so why hack now ?
most people know that from the fbi office .
hacking computers , and then it gets like this in the media , yeah , hackers break in somewhere and steal data and whatnot .
well , that 's kind of sad , because that 's not what she actually started and what 's behind it .
in fact , in the 1970 's , the 1970 's started with internet pornography and that 's where the internet came from .
and it 's about solving a problem with a creative , original way .
and it just got processed with software , but there 's also a whole server farm doing all kinds of freaky stuff .
but it 's also a code , and they can program it , and they can also hack it , so , and i find that incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get in a lot deeper .
it actually took 2,000 really shape , these networks .
well , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's , uh , there 's , there 's dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot , that 's , that 's , that 's , that , that 's , that 's , that 's originally from switzerland , that 's , that 's , that 's , that 's , that 's , that 's
but it 's always about finding such a casual access , such a casual relationship .
and then there 's , like , zero dot dot dot dot , dot , dot , dot , dot , dot .
it 's actually more of a forum where you meet and discuss online .
they 're a little technical , and they 're also a little technical , so they ask questions .
and based on those networks that made the whole thing popular , there was this scene that i wanted to do a quick portrait .
look , up here on the left , it 's a community center , so basically a school , a private school , community center , where anyone can get to .
kids , old , all kinds of people go there to just deal with it , they set up a lab , and look at what you can do with these tracking devices .
there 's a group down here on the left in indonesia , which means they 've been around a long time .
longer than those other two networks .
they also occupy themselves in such an artistic aspect of biological materials , and , yeah , they also combine them in a pretty mundane way .
and i have a lecture in copenhagen at the medical museum in combination with an exhibition on topic .
and that 's , yeah , that 's usually pretty young people , but the only thing that actually unites you is this fascination with technology .
and what you can do with it and specifically approach society and ask , so , okay , what do you know , what do you want to do with it ?
so , okay , to hack biology now , you kind of need material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that 's a lab .
or , what you normally understand from a lab , they 're kind of freaky machines , extremely expensive , extremely distant , only for university students with ph.d. and so on .
and our approach was just to say , okay , you don 't have to do that .
it 's not really necessary , because every hydra agent has actually developed technology higher than most hydra operatives , it really is .
and s o with the premise of that premise , for example , brian piccolo in england tried to put together a sex symbol , then took a hot plate , and , yeah , so sweaty , and then created bacteria .
so anyone who 's ever had a rotten soup that he left behind for too long has done it .
well , i tried to expand it in my lab , and then i just bought a little extra cash on ebay and did a little more comprehensive analysis , tried to get a paternity test , so , you know , so i was just , like , you know , so i was just gonna go back home .
and this is cutting-edge technology , which just mentioned molecular biology .
and , yeah , well , you can see it 's relatively derivative , so there 's people doing it at home alone , up to big , larger organizations that sort of technically run it in a more formal fashion .
and then that was about it , okay , who are we , what do we want , what do we want to share ?
and what are our values and what are our core values , our basis ?
and that 's when we came up with a plan .
that was quite intuitive , so everyone just expressed their wishes , their wishes , and what was moving them , then .
there was , in my opinion , a very good code .
and that 's not binding , but that 's just , yeah , i think it did pretty well , people are pretty confident about that .
and we even tried to bring it back to the academic world , but it didn 't seem that way .
well , i think we 're actually one step closer than the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects are we doing now ?
a project that i did with the data module in switzerland was that we wanted to create a so-called trap or optical tweezers .
you can see that down there .
and then we put a burner on it and took out the burner 's laser and then tried to focus on that camera .
and that didn 't work out , but we learned a lot about it .
another project that came from the french group from paris , that worked , that 's pretty cool .
and he 's got , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , a , you know , like , you know , like , like , a shrink thing or something ,
he made this helmet there , and it worked in cooperation with the museum .
then the visitors could go in the room , sit on this chair , put on this helmet .
then your brain waves were measured , and depending on what you were thinking or how you thought , you turned on different lights in the room .
pretty fancy project .
another thing from the united states that has something to do with this terrorist thing , it 's the most complicated word .
so it 's about copying , replicating gene , reproducing , reproducing fragments , making them visible .
and the machines that do that are pretty expensive , which you buy commercial , the cheapest ones go off at 4,000 euros .
and that 's not in the spy business , but it 's a really cool technology that can do a lot .
well , that 's just a application of a lot to do with .
i think , like , $ 600 or something .
but in any case , it 's still not cheap , but it 's definitely in a frame where it 's clearly being painted .
well , in my opinion , it 's a very successful hack .
a project i started the other day was to build a software company .
yeah , like some kind of power surge , it shoots about two centimeters or so .
you load it up on the side of the road , and then you put it in the sink , and then i shot the onions , and then i lit them up like this .
so the device you see didn 't work .
but this is kind of my prototype , which looked pretty awesome on a branch like this , the thing , electronics , and pressure , but it was too high , the thing broke .
and then i took a swan dive and hooked it up .
if you fill him up with water , he 's got enough pressure , so i 'm thinking , like , 40 to 400 bars .
and then you can speed up the particles strong enough , and then they go in the onion .
and the commercial device costs , like , 17,000 euros up or something , about 50 .
well , it doesn 't have the same efficiency , but it 's basically doable .
so , and that is , at the moment , the nature of the scene to increase the availability of technology and also enhance the information and the ability to hire more people .
because , like i said in the beginning , it 's an extremely important technology , and most people have a relatively little idea about it , and they don 't have a chance to really form up .
because if you 're just reading about it , it 's not the same as when you 've done it yourself .
and i think technology is becoming more important in our modern societies .
and if you want to make meaningful decisions in society and have a voice , you need access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it so you can do it and understand it .
and that 's when it comes down to the australian open vistas and citizen science .
so as a citizen , one can deal with these scientific technologies .
and this is the original version of the superman comics .
these are the people who at least officially signed up on the web site , web site .
that 's quite a number of people around the world .
and what 's interesting is that you 're also represented in southeast asia .
that 's what i think they 're in there , less people than actually exist .
so i know of some who haven 't signed up .
and these are just individual people .
partly included with these sites , so these places are listed there .
and that 's in the beginning .
like i said , it just started .
and , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , uh , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , the , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the , the , uh , uh , the , the , the , the , uh , uh , uh , uh , the ,
and this has become a giant network of very good , yes , financial institutions that have represented all over the world .
and we hope , of course , that we 'll spread out similar , and then we 'll be connected equally , so that more people can get involved .
and i 'd invite anyone to deal with it once and try something on their own .
it 's not that simple right now , but it 's not impossible if you have enough curiosity and enough energy to put in it , you can get anywhere .
thanks for listening .
that 's it .
yes , hello .
how do we people actually work ?
that 's a question that moves me very much as a designer , but also in the field of experience , and most of all , users .
this is about how you run into people in psychic media so they can use these mediums and create an almost painless experience .
because i believe that the cutting-edge media is projecting back into us archaic cognitive models , which have been programmed in our biological memory a very , very long time ago , and that we can re-create it through interactive media .
and that 's very amazing , because you actually think that the future is right with us , with our origins .
what are archaic models now ?
i wrote down four book signings once , and i 'd like to briefly explain them .
as a matter of cognitive models , these are the models we acquired in the last few days .
according to these models , we have a natural relationship with the medusans .
that basically sounds unusual .
but i 'm gonna go back to that right now , and i 'm gonna prove to you by trying to prove to you that you have a natural relationship with the aclu .
the second aspect is we 've been able to speak very , very figuratively since these pornographic models .
and the third area is actually explaining itself .
we all know that the neo-liberal media is by definition biased , which includes the denial of the s.e.c. , and which , of course , tells us that today is a normal procedure .
the fourth point is that history is a place for us to live in .
what 's this about the most natural thing in the world ?
let me prove it to you .
how many doors does the house you live in ?
we 're not gonna be able to answer that right now , but here 's what 's gonna happen and happening right now .
they walk through this house in spirit , into it , and look at how many doors there are .
and that 's exactly what they do .
you 're creating reality without computers .
fantastic , isn 't it ?
and we 're trying to make an effort to paint virtual reality in our reality system , which is what we 've been doing all along .
and these assets , the virtual reality , they needed people in the darkest times , because they had nothing .
they didn 't have any books .
or they didn 't have a backup plan .
they didn 't have mass media .
the only thing they had was their head .
and in that head , the memory played out .
in this head , knowledge was retrieved , and with the help of these virtual images , the imagination , knowledge was also passed on .
and that 's why it 's so deeply embedded in us that we 're so good with the particle density .
the interesting thing is , if i can take a little trip .
yes , i can .
the interesting thing about it is that at the time , man was simultaneously psychic and medium himself .
if you think a little further .
what 's media today ?
then they 'll realize there 's been a change .
but i 'll get right to that .
fundamental tool of the brain trust has always been stories .
shamans , priests , so-called guardians , were specially designed to preserve knowledge in stories .
and today we are very , very fond of stories .
according to the author of the book of animal , jonathan sidwell , we 're still working hours a year with the front desk of stories .
that means for a kid who spent most of his life with the receptionist .
now we think our love of stories depends on us sitting on our parents ' laps as a child .
no , no , far from it .
it goes back a lot , in the cultures of the most primitive times .
but for me , in the field of psychic media as particularly impressive , we have , per se , anchored in our biological memory , the ability to think highly .
i brought you an example from the north american tribe of south america .
and the lives lived in the offices of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very rural area , and you had to navigate it somehow , come from island to island to get food .
and that 's what they did with what they call a " home invasion . "
you might know that , too , if you 're interested in the australian natives .
they have similar principles .
they don 't have a safety deposit box , they use it as a prop or a tool box .
and what 's interesting is that the navigation and the locations of the area could be depicted in songs .
although the language was secondary to section 9 .
it means you get over sounds and rhythm .
and that sound , and that rhythm , represented the geology of a region , and that , of course , allowed you to sing those songs and sit together in a different way and move to the left , to the right , to the right , to the back .
why don 't we sing to get from top to b.
not to navigate , anyway .
what happened there ?
it happened so fast .
we moved earlier in the so-called ' 80s .
it happened , and it happened , and it happened , and it happened .
which is exactly what happened , that we moved the responsibility for our memories and our own production of our own memories onto external media .
the book and the picture .
unfortunately , we 've lost track of god .
we 've become strangers to each other and nothing to do with reality .
from the top to the bottom .
what has influences on our thoughts and our memories ?
then these are atypical influences from ancient cultures .
and they 've been more and more signed over over over the centuries by the influences of the gemini coven .
that is , instead of remembering us individually , we have shared vast , common patterns of memories we can attach our personal memories to .
we don 't produce ourselves anymore .
we have an abstract language .
we don 't picture things in pictures anymore , we picture them in pictures , we paint them our language .
we 're used to things happening linear .
and we 've accepted the bill of rights , and there are only exceptions , like the bill of rights .
what we have left is the most precious .
we 're still under arrest for assault and battery .
the question is , what 's next ?
we had the vogt into the camp , we had the penal system , and we are now going on the so-called freedom charter .
i know .
but these concepts of the continuum , they bring back these possibilities to rediscover our abilities .
it 's a matter of taste , it 's a matter of taste .
let me explain .
there are technical concepts like reality , for example , which means advanced reality .
of course , as crazy as this may sound in the context of my cloning process , we are physically moving into virtual worlds , based on the role of the holodeck .
and others , another example , are the most sophisticated , intelligent systems .
these are rooms that can respond intelligently to a human .
all of this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability to live as a real habitat .
i did graduate , and i hope the video works , brought in a very , very nice project , this is the recipient of michael burk , esteemed patron saint of the arts ,
and the two latter are here today .
maybe you can get up for a second so they can talk to them about the project during recess .
and i brought this project as an example of how to be addressed to this mild-mannered cognitive model .
this is a game , i must say .
which , of course , is extremely offensive to the computer system , and it 's a computer game .
and when i say computer games , you 're very likely to have people sitting in front of any consoles or playing with any console in your hand .
that 's what they do in there .
this is a game for the outside .
and this is specifically designed to detect the outside world , so i 'm discovering the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we produce to the real world .
i apologize for having to cut so hard .
you can explain that much better . there 's more to it than that .
and it 's about me discovering a city by looking at which places were positive or negative tweeted .
and so i get a whole different look from the city , a completely different impression , which i see negative and positive zones of a city , and i get a whole different kind of virtual map of a very real city .
and we can look at that now .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is another little explanation of what you 're about to see .
of course , this virtual world lives within the walls of our cities .
and with some kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
thank you .
yes , i 'm very happy to be with you .
i 've just been asked if this bag is a talking sack and mine will speak instead .
he won 't do that .
i 'm about to dissolve what 's in there .
but so far , i 'm just a little curious .
yeah , kids are naturally curious or should be curious , so are designers .
i 'm an insurance investigator from the house , so , of course , i 'm also dealing with the subject of curiosity and how curiosity changes our minds again , and why do we have to lose curiosity and drink it all over again ?
it 's a whole series of things to deal with next to the actual existence of a human being .
you know , when professors get curious , they get into this sort of thing a lot .
and that 's what i 've had in the last six months .
a feature film about natural user interface design .
now you 're going to ask yourself , why do all the video games begin with so naturally occurring in communication , interaction , etc .
and there 's only one of these little devices that i hold up because things are always meant to be more flexible , more natural , and you have to look , which is actually natural to us people , which is more intuitive or intuitive .
so i 've been dealing with it , when is natural or intuitive ?
might have to take another look .
why is this even happening ?
so if we look at the development of our society briefly , here we move from the third to the fourth generation , or the fourth .
so , from modern to corporate .
every society is defined by a love triangle .
in the beginning , the language barrier .
that means they found each other by speaking a common language , you could communicate with each other , move into the same cave or other areas , create cities or villages , so to speak .
but the language , something very natural , something very living .
you had to learn too , so no infant can speak naturally , but we learn to speak it reasonably and relatively natural .
this was then replaced by ancient society and the first form of abstraction .
it was an act of god back then , because , of course , you started to manifest the living language in the form of writing , which means what 's fluid and alive , i start digging it into stone , and so i manipulate it , too .
depending on how i chisel and when i chisel , of course , it 's a whole different story than when one of them is alive .
but in the end , vacete moved on to this writing as a music critic .
then came the next generation we actually live in today .
that 's the print print printed with gutenberg and others .
back then , it was just as insulting , where adel , clergy , and others said , are you insane when the people start reading , then they want to talk about it later , and that 's totally fatal .
of course , we 're totally confused because we 're seeing the new media , social media , facebook , etc .
and these two worlds are banging on each other , new and old thinking .
the interesting thing about it is , when you look at this , this new society , these environmental groups , they have a lot of mechanisms , principles , and a lot of character references from the corporate database .
not on the local level anymore , but on a global level .
we understand the weather is global .
that ecology is a global issue .
not when i think locally ecologically , and the neighbor thinks less ecologically , it doesn 't work anymore .
which means that the local village has actually become a global village with the same principles , preferably as natural , as intuitive , but total transparency .
the way you knew back in the village who was involved with whom and when , that 's how today happens to expansion of ourselves through this mobile sex industry on a global level .
unless we accumulate knowledge global and accumulate faster and better .
just like it happened in the village .
from the background , i was just looking at it , what does it mean to us , of course , what have we forgotten , but what 's instinctively to us , so what 's the difference ?
because people often come , they can 't do it properly so that everyone can handle it .
so you have to deal with it , which means , and not just change it , that it 's different , but it 's supposed to get better .
you get busy even in college , with the subject of perception and perception .
and that 's something to start with and look and say , okay , now i 'm just gonna look inside myself .
what 's it look like in there ?
so how do we work if we look in there ?
and what actually means natural , intuitive , and how do our channels of perception work , and how does cognitive processing process work ?
because steve jobs once said you need to understand how it works .
so you really have to look into detail when i want to do something profound or intuitive , which means in the core .
and seeing how we process information , how do we pick up information ?
what 's information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of people use the word , but they don 't know what it means .
but i have to understand in essence , in essence , when information becomes information , when will data and information be known , so that i know how to make things intuitive or natural afterwards ?
and , of course , how does design affect perception .
so much more natural , in a jar , but i can kind of see straight , where 's salt and pepper in it ?
and when i tell someone , give me salt or pepper , he 'll start thinking about what 's in it .
and by the left , just grab intuitive and hopefully , there 's no sugar in it , pass the salt accordingly .
but even our perception itself , how is she deceiving us ?
like that perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the small one , though that 's not the case , but they 're the same size , and yet our perception changes depending on the context we put things in .
does anyone know what this is ?
come on .
i don 't know .
it 's more like my glasses .
so it 's a circle .
a second circle is beginning to associate certain likeness .
that 's what they call eye contact or eye contact , which also affects us in perception .
important to the teachers ' union , they usually do it in the first semester , the great college kids .
closeness , continuity of continuity , et cetera .
often in the third then forgotten again .
but that 's an essential ingredient if you want to make things equally intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting .
sounds trite , but it 's kind of exciting when you get closer to it .
so we have eyes in the front , and now they think we 're looking back .
this is wrong .
you 'll see from behind to front .
you 're projecting an assumption that you 're seeing something you recognize , a circle you recognize .
that means we need to see ours before we see it bring it back in the back of our heads to say , okay ,
i got a cognitive impairment , you got something you want to see .
it 'll come back .
then it goes back to the front , because the back doesn 't trust the front and says , " please look again and make sure what you see is what you want to see . "
and then we go back and then we actually see it .
so it 's a very , very exciting process of how certain things go and how these things happen to people .
i don 't know which one of you knows this picture .
that 's exactly what i just described happening .
now everyone in this pattern is trying to see something .
i don 't know who knows what .
anybody see anything in particular ?
a dalmatian , that 's right .
if i ever saw that there 's a dalmatian in there , you know it .
i 'll show you where the dalmatian is .
now you see the dalmatian .
go on , now you always see him .
which means i 've actually spoiled you by not recognizing a pattern in there anymore , but i 've conditioned you to keep seeing that dog in this two-dimensional image .
and this is the projection of the particle accelerator , feedback , see .
now i know , and now i 'm pointing out that i see the dalmatian .
i see the dalmatian .
all right , all kinds of thrilling lawsuits , which then in this , yeah , it 's not really gray , but it 's just going to go according to this demographic .
does anyone know what three seconds is ?
long , yeah .
this is our present .
well , it 's always interesting to know as a designer .
if i know there 's a minimum of three seconds before i can , so to speak , from the present to the time machine , i can also bypass a very good waiting period where i keep someone busy with three seconds .
he needs to process that as a present .
then it goes back to the past , so i have a very elegant wait on the computer when i know this phenomenon .
what takes 25 milliseconds ?
yeah , milliseconds .
it 's also a fascinating phenomenon .
that 's the time you fall in love .
that means , attention , if you know that now , watch who you 're looking at for how long , because i 'm not taking a fix on what can happen .
sixteen milliseconds including a thrilling phenomenon .
this is the period of most of the perceptions we have .
that means that first impression happens at a rapid rate of speed , how we perceive things .
and as we see things we look out for , and as we so much as protect ourselves against our environment , so we can consider that accordingly .
of course , the brain function is not only focused on the subject of sensory input and neural pathways or sensory input , but primarily on the subject of brain activity .
so how does a person deal with certain things ?
there 's a time limit to the practical functions , so formal aspects or otherwise .
there are places where i know exactly where to reach .
there 's also symbolic functions , why is there one for such a small pouch that barely fits anyway , so rich in money when it 's not practical ?
it 's more like a symbolic gesture , the one we 're dealing with , of course .
back to my original subject , natural user interface and the subject , of course , which is totally random .
it always means how can i reach a certain goal as quickly as possible , or how can a user in a certain capacity as effective , efficient , satisfying .
that 's the norm .
how can i do anything remotely possible ?
can i operate this directly , or do i need a manual or do i need a proper training ?
and it 's not so bad either .
the fact that i 'm making this different and more beautiful doesn 't mean it 's better to wear it .
you have to understand that .
however , intuitive technology has not only been a technological marvel since apple , a technological marvel , if i want to harness human technology .
why ?
because we 're usually in this new kind of environment , so the natural user , like , five times faster on our target .
you have to imagine that if you 're doing something of the classic software , it 'll take you five hours and with this new type of natural software only an hour .
that doesn 't mean you 'll probably be allowed to go home four hours early , but your employer or anyone will think of him as he employs you for the four hours .
but what i 'm trying to say is , of course , it 's an appropriate way to achieve certain things .
if we go back to the software area , the first command line interfaces , which were very abstract , where it took months to deal with these systems .
then the next ones who have worked with a neural model or mental model like the software processor came in , which is an idea of something , the metaphor of a desktop to harness the computer .
so no more zeroes and ones or cryptic codes , just a metaphor .
it 's already done a lot of damage , but it 's much better .
the next generation of spatial distortions is already working a lot more with behavior .
so that 's where i make the behavior more often than the looks .
that 's one of those college kids .
that all of a sudden , the looks are always less and less important to success , just as the school board becomes a business proposition .
and if i take one more step into these natural users interfaces , by voice , by touch , by touch , by gesture , and no longer have to pilot things , then i 'm even faster and even more immediate .
which brings me back to the point , when are things actually gonna get weird ?
if you 're gonna get sloppy , and then i 'm gonna have to push my little friend back here and look , what does that mean , from the point of view , when is anything really intuitive ?
and that 's always a little intuitive for us people when i have to think about it as little as possible .
so apparently , he doesn 't want to think , he wants to make it relatively easy .
the less i think about it , the merrier .
and what does that mean for the designer ?
that is , if we 're looking at that we can transmit existing energy signatures from one to another , like the metaphor , then i can use that as a bargaining chip .
i mean , i can just transfer a software system like that into software and make the software more sophisticated .
of course , the question is , what is the most basic human trait of ours , and now i 've already betrayed it ?
that 's what they call a family portrait .
that 's what each and every one of us uses and every one of us is an acronym and stands for direction , learning , learning .
that 's what each of you does all the time , but he does it subconsciously and , yeah , intuitive or partially instinctive .
the model is already listed in the womb and is fully functional , so it works for young and old worldwide , and is used by us all the time without most people knowing that this model is present .
there 's about 50 to 50 times more of us depending on activity in our sleep , so in your sleep , you realize it 's gonna take less toll than a day .
i can just get this mental imaging system , imaging , information , transfer it to a memory system .
and through that kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the poem , but now not a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a musical instrument , a musical object .
and this is on a higher grail of cuteness than the transference of a classic metaphor , which is the mating call .
then i can transmit the whole thing .
i 'll take a look at it from an angle .
everybody just ate cake .
overview : now , so to speak , i can zoom in , zoom in .
i get the whole picture , i can filter this , and i can say , just show me all the chocolate stuff , for example .
and i suddenly have an interface , which is significantly more invasive and much more natural .
i want to help you find a very specific aspect of curiosity .
and curiosity cannot be learned .
that 's why everyone who 's here is curious , indeed , people who have a quality you can 't learn .
i 'm about to put practically this whole doomsday thing , end of the world , 40 years of production into quality .
and there 's a central point .
and it 's attached to phosphorus .
give pee a chance .
every day they give plus , they give about two grams of phosphorus , and every day they have to pick up two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise , they can 't have teeth .
they can 't save power .
they can 't have bones .
all we could do is slip through the oceans as a qatal mollusks .
if we don 't pick up any phosphorus , indeed .
amazingly , we 're dealing with something that 's actually a given , but it 's not .
because everyone 's talking about energy , but nobody 's talking about power .
the containment field is much more critical .
we depend on two countries .
we only have phosphorus for two years , and already , with the nuclear reactor in the world , there 's a lot more uranium being used in every particle field .
over the last 20 years , weapons-grade tons of uranium has been distributed in our fields in germany .
and we record all that .
it 's leukemia for kids .
and we think we 'd protect the environment if we were a little less toxic .
so , for example , protect the environment , drive less car .
protect the environment , make less garbage .
protect the environment , reduce power .
that 's not protection .
it 's like saying protect your kid , only hit it three times instead of five .
it 's just a little less destruction .
if we think from cradle to grave , our whole earth will be a graveyard sooner or later .
to think from cradle to cradle .
and the most important thing is to look at the floor first .
the floor is stored over 60 % of the time .
right now , we grow corn and lose between 11 and 30 pounds of 30 tons per acre , or the square meter as well .
that means we lose about five thousand times more in the ground than newly formed .
of course , we can take a look at the family portrait .
and everything is packaging or contents .
in adult diapers , for example .
and because we 're getting older , the diapers get bigger .
that 's all of them , so to speak .
yeah ?
a baby needs about six months ' diapers .
we could reduce that by ten percent , of course , but what does that do ?
that 'll settle in china in a second .
it 's nothing .
so the question is , how do we deal with these diapers ?
here 's proof , by the way , that men aren 't pigs .
i 'll tell you .
because the phosphorus is given to the pigs over the solid ingredients of excrement .
people about urine .
yeah .
so men can 't be pigs .
because that 's taken , right ?
traditionally , we think we 're too many people in the world .
and when you tell people they exist when you tell them it 's better that you 're not there , they become hostile and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our great heroes , says there 's nothing more important than stabilizing the human population .
in israel , they say if you save a human life , you save earth .
it says here the more you kill , the better .
yeah .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on earth , the ants weigh about four times more than we humans .
i could get termites , but nobody in the united states likes termites when they 're vegetarian .
that means the ants weigh a lot more than we do .
and because they work a lot harder physically than we do , and because they live only three to six months , they match their weight in the power consumption of 30 billion people .
that means we 're not too many , we 're too stupid , right ?
you can only be more forthcoming if you don 't exist , right ?
the only chance .
have you ever seen a sentido tree ?
yeah ?
one ?
so all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yeah ?
no tree is cut .
fortunately , no .
there 's no access to trees .
there are still 600 billion trees in the amazon alone .
you 've heard of this before , haven 't you ?
that means all our intelligence means we want to be dumber than trees .
and as you can see , even with something like wheat farming , the agricultural industry does not allow our own farming to go back .
every year , we lose three million tons of phosphorous that would really have to go back to scalos .
and that makes us too many .
alone .
that means we feel so guilty on earth , that we say , there is no exit code , no exit code , and as they all say , that our own excrement go back .
isn 't that sad ?
we 're too many .
it certainly makes sense to be less harmful when it comes to environmental damage .
but where are we useful ?
we 're trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it 's about having a large footprint that 's useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but when it comes to the environment , it 's best not to be there , right ?
yeah .
the only way you can have it is if you 're not there .
even if they shot themselves now , they 'd have emissions .
so you can 't solve this .
we can do it differently .
we can get our nutrients back .
we 're doing farming in brazil where we get the nutrients back .
directly , we can get nutrients back in agriculture that way .
we do this in china , for example , where we take the garbage directly from it .
in china , a chamber pot is called camel piss today , so to speak , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to bring back our nutrients .
that means the whole western hemisphere is based on the fact that the city has only ever taken , but never returned anything to the peasants .
it made the cities grow more and more because the farmers went into cities and the cities had to keep moving their nutrients away .
that 's why all western empires are expanding until they can 't handle the infrastructure anymore , and then they implode .
yeah ?
china was different .
you 've been able to bring back the nutrients .
even today , when you 're invited to dinner in china , you expect to stay until after dinner .
because it 's rude to leave and take the nutrients .
you 've been invited to dinner , not to dinner .
that means you can see on the internet how to get the nutrients back .
and the great thing is , crime rate in the favelas is down 90 % .
so we don 't have to control people , to be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
of course , that 's standard equipment , but the facilities carry themselves .
the by-product is clean water .
and they 're designed by the design a farmer can just farm .
that means we 're going to have to reverse the charges .
and none of these sites , we 've now built over government buildings in the last 20 years , none of these facilities have ever been sabotaged .
you could easily throw in a liter of hydrogen peroxide and then the facility would be ruined for years .
it 's not happening .
that means we don 't have to control people , to be as bad as possible .
we can support you to be good .
that means we have to get phosphorous back .
and by the way , if you want to do something about it , write yourself up , best qualified in germany is the one in frankfurt .
i 'm afraid they won 't be in trouble , but maybe you can help out with that .
because the frankfurt facility could best reclaim the phosphorous .
and he has to go back .
we see that phosphorous is really critical .
and we can see that it works .
we 've been in holland for over three years now .
the dutch government has explained that they will be the first country in the world to add phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
you see , there are two countries that control nearly 70 % of the world 's economies .
there 's a bunch of nazi zombies .
these are 26 countries that control 40 percent of the u.s. government .
and we 'll be able to replace the oil with others .
but they won 't be able to replace the phosphorus .
it 's not about making the existing one a little less bad , it 's about doing something right .
and most of all , to ask what 's right .
that means it 's about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , it 's easier to understand because in holland , the country is built on flowers .
yeah ?
imagine if , for example , your wife is sad when you 've annoyed her , and you come with 50 roses .
inefficient .
but completely effective , yes ?
or take a lipstick .
a woman in germany eats about six kilograms during her life .
on it .
that 's not exactly accurate scientifically , because we don 't know how much sodium chloride is involved .
but a lipstick , even with this lighting , i can tell you , is completely inefficient , but totally effective , yes ?
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
that 's why it 's not competitive , it 's efficiency .
asking what 's right ?
not to burn the garbage disposal a little better and use it to burn it down and lose all the materials in the incinerator , but first to ask , how do you close water doors ?
think of mozart as efficient .
yeah ?
if i invite her to dinner and say , yes , there 's a pill of ipecac and a glass of water with it .
wonderful , isn 't it ?
it 's efficient .
everything beautiful in life is not efficient .
when you fall in love with someone , efficient ?
yeah ?
that means everything in life is not about saving , avoiding , reducing .
the whole nine yards .
we 'll tell people , oh , yeah , you don 't have a winter camp in the south .
no , throwing away is just the thing , right ?
any place you throw away , from , yeah , you can throw away .
but the wrong things .
when you throw away the wrong things , you have a free pass .
as we think from the north .
there 's every footprint prejudicial .
if you walk , yes , every footprint destroys the floor .
because the ground will kill the moose and the wind will wash the ground .
but if they 're in italy , every footprint means the water stays in the meadow longer .
so , it 's about creating a big footprint that 's gonna be a giant footprint .
don 't look back .
we say sustainability in germany .
yeah ?
but if i ask you , how are you doing with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say my condolences , yes ?
that 's the minimum .
don 't skimp , avoid .
every waste is nutrient .
and it 's a pleasure to see the people in italy kick out of the car like that .
because , you know , it 's a process of elimination .
it 's a form of communication , right ?
you can show me i was there .
but with the right design , here you go .
for example , we 've developed a spinal fluid at room temperature .
they can dump you where you go and stand .
in two hours , she 'll be all over the place .
and it contains seeds of rare plants , so that by throwing them away , they contribute to the cloning process .
that means we 're useful , no less harmful .
so there are two sets of twins .
i don 't want everything to be predictable .
a tv or a washing machine , you don 't use them .
just the things that go into biological systems .
the things that are only used go into technical systems .
but today we 're just talking about the biological systems .
yeah ?
like sneakers , right ?
direct advertising , not for the company of puma per se , but for helping this company succeed .
because we don 't make things free anymore .
yeah ?
well , if i ask you out to dinner and say it 's free from chicken , then it won 't do you any good .
no , we 'll find out what 's in it .
affirmative .
so it 's not like a baby 's ass .
not toxic .
everything in it is useful .
these are the first pair of shoes that you can put on the plastic couch and the rubber in biohazard bags , right ?
all of it is predictable .
and , of course , if we succeed , we 'll be able to do a job for nike and mauritz and mauritz .
and that 's half of all the world 's nuclear plants being caused by radiation poisoning .
that 's why you 're helping out , ask people .
hey , cougar , are you guys really serious ?
because they 've changed executives twice now .
and i 'm not so sure you 're really sticking around .
so help me with this .
but i can .
yeah .
the one that was just painted .
that 's fine .
we can do things now so that when they break , they can crash into biological cells .
technical difficulties are the same .
there 's a direct access code for this .
this is the first ecological backpack , actually , made to go back in the cycle .
you can get things back in any store .
when you figure it out , yeah ?
remember the diaper ?
if it 's garbage right now .
there are these diapers everywhere , almost .
in the countries where people come to money .
over there on the beach , but in the countryside , right ?
yeah ?
only when they take this diaper , they chop up , sterilize , and use the powder to plant trees .
that 's how the baby is for life , from the beginning .
well , we don 't have to be proactive , we can be proactive .
it 's kind of a partial print release .
yeah , sort of .
yeah ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything .
i started an institute .
a lot of people are working there now , and they can all get involved .
there 's an extra club to go where anyone can join .
so no more saving , giving up , avoiding , reducing , not teaching , but intelligent waste .
does that make you curious ?
thank you .
the work of the caretaker .
music as language .
in the description of my speech , it says that as a translator , i understand as a translator , so in english language ,
it 's called " the songs of the written music . "
even translating from the german into english can require more knowledge , especially when it comes to poetry or poetry .
it 's alien to the layman , but what we musicians do with our language skills .
at first , i only have the written notes .
i 'm sure you think the composer entered the notes and put everything he dreamed up .
actually , the grades are vague and inaccurate .
these grades are roughly as accurate or inaccurate as a verbal , although apparently accurate description of a landscape .
for in this verbal awakening , the scent of flowers is not to be smelled , but to anticipate the degree of smell , not to hear the whisper of the wind .
in other words , the ministry of culture has to translate these biographical information on the vue database into another , namely the concrete , concrete , ornithological language .
today , i want to translate what i normally translate musically into a verbal language .
basically translated .
so i prefer to do it in german , because if i had to translate it into english again , it would be tantamount to translating the translation .
so the music works for me as much as the spoken language .
the highlighted notes have the function of letters in writing .
so it 's not enough to just learn to read notes and press the appropriate buttons on the piano or the right spot on a piano bench .
because that 's just the letters you learned to paint .
you can 't tell the meaning of the letters until you speak the language .
thus , the learning process of music requires at least as long as the spoken language .
even if you learn it for the school board , you can 't understand it without being passive or actively speaking to the musical director .
the work of the transplant committee is starting similar to the work of a drug dealer .
after you first picked a play to play because you 're excited about it , you start looking at the composition of the composition .
they 're gathering information about the play in the music hall .
you read letters , journals , notes , or words , thoughts of composers .
you study the works he wrote before and after .
you make comparisons .
the reasons to write it .
how and how did he feel ?
what were his circumstances , like society and politics ?
i 'm interested in all this .
you think about that time by looking at contemporary pictures or reading literature .
but over time , you have a rich knowledge of the composer you play more often , and it always makes you feel more comfortable .
the composer is becoming more and more of a friend to live with .
his desire to write the piece becomes more and more my personal desire to play it .
now that the notes are anything but an accurate record of the composer 's vocabulary , but merely a scaffolding , i 'm going to use this scaffolding to replenish it with meaning and meaning .
i 'll say in my own words what could be written between this scaffolding .
i 'm playing catch-up on what these sounds might mean .
now for me and for the composer back then and what they could mean to him today .
every note , every phrase , it makes sense because i feel it myself , because it comes from my now in person .
it has to be right in here and now , or i can 't convince my audience that this is my business .
it 's a very happy concert , if i may have the experience , the piece that i 've worked so long in advance to see as new .
how to relive a happy new day , even though with the same rituals of life , getting up , going to work , i 'm reliving the same play over and over again .
i 've grown another day , changed seasons , my pulse is slower at night than in the morning , in a concert hall , it takes longer for sound to come back than home .
i perceive the audience 's breathing , consciously or unconsciously .
all this affects me , and all this also affects my experience with the composition .
it 's wonderful , too , when i 'm on stage with a guitar solo and we 're on the same page .
then the same thing happens in a good , meaningful conversation .
you bring in a new idea and at once it 's answered with a response .
it 's exciting because then things happen that we haven 't rehearsed and what you can 't rehearse .
it 's great fun to make music this way , and you , as the audience , saw the music communicate alive .
every concert is a different concert .
i will never play like this again .
i can 't play like i did in 20 years .
i 'll have more experience than i have today , and therefore , on my palette , i 'll have more experience of emotion and sensations than today .
sure , i 'll have thrown out a bunch of college kids , too , but i 'll have a new set of rules .
have a nice specific example .
it was at a music festival for students at my beloved old teacher , professor jrgen stotch , a renowned concert pianist and long-time professor of the conservatory here in stuttgart .
unfortunately , i was far too young , so he was already a graduate student when i finally started studying .
but i was lucky enough to get to know him very early when i was 13 years old , and that 's how i was at school in his classes .
i was 17 back then when i took one of his classes and played the last of the four ballads of chopin , a jazz club .
he asked me what the introduction of this ballad was to me .
that 's a tricky part .
and in my professional opinion , i said anticipation .
that 's where he went and said , like this ?
that must be the age difference .
because to me , it means memory .
he was over 60 .
well , when you 're seventeen , you have dreams , but not important memories .
i play the play every couple of years over and over and over and over and over and over again , it changed for me , even though none of the grade has changed .
it 's exciting every time i read something new .
one example from a completely different area .
it 's always the same garden , but at a different time of day , with ultraviolet light .
he translated the uncensored length version of the way he saw you , the way you looked at him right now .
it 's his personal security clearance .
the interpretation of a play is similar to that .
i 'm also older than chopin when he wrote the play .
he 's only lived a hundred and fifty years .
and it 's important to me to keep looking at the grades , even though i think i know them by heart .
to maintain radio silence with the composer .
because the grades are the only link directly to him .
especially when he 's already dead .
well , how do you start speaking the language of music ?
i told you , it takes about as long as the spoken language .
sometimes music lessons are so you learn to read the notes .
you practically learn to read before you even speak a word .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
then when all the fingers are in time and right as it is in the notes , sounds come out together like music .
if this is done correctly , the student will be able to open the play .
there 's not much point in interpretation of this .
all right , there 's presto ahead , that 's a quick play .
lento , slowly .
according to and fro , f and b , et cetera .
most people here know that .
but even if you follow that information , it 's still just a little technical .
and it 's still no interpretation .
i 'm surprised .
i 'm surprised you often forget something quite unpleasant .
that to make music on the instrument , do your own musical and feel should be there before then .
the singing .
a kid who didn 't learn to sing because his parents didn 't fool him won 't do it on their own .
it 's like being on a train .
it 's necessary to have your own experiences and ideas of music to make it sound over another possibility , so about an instrument .
people who never sang never immediately felt with their own bodies as it is to make a sound .
making a phrase with your own breath .
the musical instrument is the extension of our body .
our vocal chords for singing , our hands and feet for dancing .
so the piano players are the continuation of my fingers .
the melody emerges from the pitch and the rhythm from the dance .
it 's not conducive to music these days .
you don 't have to make music yourself when you get bored .
no more whistling or singing .
every music of your own gets smashed when you 're constantly being played from the outside .
sure , there are some among them who say yes , but what do you do when i can 't sing ?
i ask you , can 't you sing , a , because you think you can 't sing ?
or b , because you didn 't learn to sing ?
it 's not too late for both of them to start figuring out if they can 't , or learn how to use those little muscles that adjust their vocal cords properly .
you can train that .
or c , because they cleared you of being unfit for duty .
so i ask , how technically competent was this diagnosis ?
have you picked up a diet coke or something , as they say these days ?
or d , they don 't like music and they don 't want anything to do with it .
which would make me regret , because music is a nice , wholesome thing .
but maybe they can change their minds .
well , you see , no one has to be a losing candidate .
but don 't tell me i don 't understand classical music .
i can 't tell if it 's good or bad .
i 'll answer that , but surely you can tell whether you like it or not .
because i don 't think someone 's saying i don 't know if i like it because i can 't cook .
well , you don 't pass on food just because you can 't cook .
so you don 't have to forego classical music because you don 't play an instrument .
listen carefully and tell me if you like it or not .
whether the music is too steep or too sweet .
say what you feel .
in time , they also get demands and want to add a little more seasoning or taste even fine differences .
why do i ask my audience to listen actively ?
because the music is a language and a language is for communicating .
a work of art you never look at has no power to work .
the food that was lovingly cooked by a cook or a cook has to be eaten and not just watched or exchanged recipes .
so please listen when a music is played .
she 's not just a nice talker .
when in an environment where adults do music or at least actively listen to music , a child grows up , it 's easy for a music teacher to ask , what color is your flower ?
can you play it in blue now ?
and the child plays after a fashion show instead of a red flower now .
and this sounds different than before .
that was the first beginning of its own musical expression .
so the first step toward interpretation .
and what happens when you play a piece today that was originally written a hundred , or even 300 years ago ?
the instruments have changed .
there was no piano playing bach at the time .
it just wasn 't invented yet .
i think the creek would have been thrilled if he had the most modern pianos available .
i can make the water bowl the brook used to make it sound on the modern wing , which a harpsichord can 't .
even beethoven knows he heard more than he 'd already gone deaf .
today , a modern orchestra will be able to play anything an orchestra from back then turned down as a music critic .
that 's why the composers depend on us .
so they can be heard , which they have conceived in their minds .
and what you might be thinking today .
or what i was thinking today , because what you might have been thinking .
thank you .
do you know what envy is ?
have you ever been jealous ?
and how did that feel ?
shitty .
i got a friend who drives a minivan .
when i come home with my little v and stand next to me , that feeling comes out .
something 's going through my head .
ulf , why do you need a big car like this ?
it loses half its value the first year .
and anyway , you work a lot less than me .
why do i have to afford such a small car ?
and then i remember , it 's unfair .
it 's against justice .
and as i say the word justice , this unpleasant feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great way to make such unpleasant feelings like jealousy disappear .
you can try that with words like revenge or revenge or something .
i want to explain something to you today with this mechanism or something that you 're unaware of .
the mechanism came from the lie .
but don 't think about the lie you might have heard when people say no one wants to build a wall .
and then rock them to block their view .
you can see from such a lie that the liar himself does not believe what he says .
it 's easy to check that he has something else in mind .
he 's only fooling you , not himself .
no , the lie i 'm talking about has to do with you deceiving yourself .
you need this lie to maintain a baseline , to maintain a baseline .
they can cause you to fail .
you need time .
there 's an anecdote about that time you might know .
spanish painter pablo picasso once met a woman .
this woman complained afterwards , the portrait wouldn 't look like her .
picasso answers , just wait .
it 's becoming more and more like you .
at this point , and when you laugh , you realize how important this lie is and how much time you need to learn something that artists can tell us very well .
because artists have a problem with lying .
the artist tells you something , and especially this lady , which she doesn 't see just looking in the mirror .
the artist informs you in such a portrait that you will not be familiar with until you look at this work of art .
then this unpleasant feeling disappears , it might not look like you , and it 's becoming more and more like you .
here 's the mechanism that allows us to use the lie as a great invention to stabilise our defenses .
and not only in art , but in folk tales , in mythology , it appears again .
you might know this idea of the lady who looked in the mirror every morning and asked him , who 's the fairest of them all ?
one day this mirror says , yes , there 's a nicer one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true information , even the mirror can 't lie from that true information .
but we should just familiarize ourselves with the fact that you can 't tell a woman there 's a prettier one somewhere else .
this is where we need to put what we understand under selective mutism .
we need that lie in this place that gives us the illusion we can 't live without .
we have not only in art , but in science such great lies .
and there 's this story about the archbishop 's wife .
she heard about this book of charles darwin , the origin of species and the origins of man .
that man should be descended from the apes , and , yes , there would at least be a common ancestor among humans and apes .
and then she ran to her husband and said it wasn 't true what charles said .
man shall have descended from a monkey or a common ancestor .
no , no , you can 't .
and if it 's true , then we have to stop people from getting to know it .
why do we have to prevent people from knowing anything if it 's true ?
because we can 't live without these clone wars .
well , we can 't stand these things .
we have to stop people from getting knowledge of things , especially when they 're true .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism dissolves and look like the marks he leaves that lead to something other than this great image of ourselves , i want to add another story .
a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
my wife told me .
she came home from school one day , she 's a teacher , and she told me about a student .
an exemplary student .
she particularly likes him because he has a penchant for honesty .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i 'm a fireman .
and since i 'm a fire department , i 'm interested in more pressing matters .
there 's something wrong .
i told my wife that every time a person uses that word in a moral justification , we should try to replace it with the word " albeit . "
do that once , and you 'll know the sentence .
although i 'm in the fire department , i 'm interested in more pressing matters .
you sense that 's the truth behind the information .
such a little boy , he 's not interested in the book club .
he 's interested in getting married .
but there are no clubs to look for , where to learn how to make fire .
the second best , the fire department .
that 's where he signed up .
and besides , you don 't tell your teacher that you like to start fires somewhere and be happy when the fire goes down .
no , it just looks a lot better when we show that we 're in charge of eliminating the dangers others can 't do until they start a fire .
here 's that little mechanism .
that reference to how deep down the boy knew he was actually related to the fire , but he can 't say it out loud .
it 's just the kind of words we use in the language of politically correct code over and over again .
actually , we know something else is the case .
but we know when we say this , social conditions are very fragile .
we can 't just do this .
it 's impossible to present such things in a society that should work .
i want to tell you what we found at my institute .
by the logic of this deception , the willingness , a different reality than the one we know in the unconscious , that it 's valid to spread out .
here 's two , maybe three examples .
the first example implies what many of you know and some of you appreciate very few of you don 't need at all .
i mean the soul .
what 's the soul ?
the spirit is something of the mind , says something of the mind .
and from this soul , you think that somehow , in this imperfect nature , in this imperfect nature , anima is present in the latin , the latin , the latin , the bird of the earth .
and when it rains down upon man , it is filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , yes with soul .
and then he can run .
that 's the idea of how the soul works .
so she 's supposed to go from the outside to the human being .
so we 're supposed to perceive them as something that is absolutely essential to our lives .
and if you 're looking at that requirement , then you understand the logic in which we experience this happiness to improve our world through a lie .
because now you can use a locator spell .
they still know about the school .
now , this is a textbook example of logic .
that 's the hardest part of my lecture , by the way .
you need some logic here , but you also need the willingness to lie .
to lie so you can use that logic wrong .
there are three sets in this pamphlet .
the first sentence is klaus claims there is no soul .
so the second sentence is , if klaus is right , then he has no soul .
now there 's a third sentence .
i especially highlighted him here .
a third sentence that immediately appears with people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
they say if you don 't have a soul , you 're dead and can 't say anything .
and here you can feel it .
here 's the logic in this , yes , in this eloquent speech .
you 'll see .
the first two sentences , they 're logical .
because i can say anything .
logic doesn 't make statements about reality .
i can say the chancellor is a man .
and if i 'm right , then the chancellor is a man .
if i 'm not right , then the chancellor is not a man .
logic doesn 't make a statement about what goes on .
i can say anything .
but the point is , if i 'm right , it 's true .
so if klaus says there 's no soul .
second , if he 's right , then he has no soul .
these things are logical .
and now our conscious mind immediately senses something can be done .
it 's a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences and acts like the opposite of the first sentence is proven and provided .
because we 'd have to prove whether the soul exists or not .
but with that logic that it simply uses , that two sentences are logical , and a third amendment that looks like he had something to do with it , so we can save our lives .
so , we pretend it 's actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we 're very happy about it .
we can continue these things in different ways .
in the present , we have a very modern example that keeps filling the void .
on this , you must keep another philosophical issue , a philosophy professor present .
this has to do with us going back to the 21st century .
there was a scholar named johannes burchard and after that , the donkey is named .
the burro is an ass of pure nature .
he doesn 't have that soul .
it 's such a mess .
and if you place the exact middle between two square meters , he 'll starve .
because he doesn 't know which haystack to go first .
so he 's right in the middle .
this is what we 're talking about .
incompatible forces with selective mutism dissolve each other .
nothing 's happening .
only if you set another example , so if she makes a haystack bigger , then he doesn 't need reason or anything .
automatically it goes to the right idea .
so if you have this idea that you 're somehow driven by nature , driven by the larger bunch that dress you right now , you have a feeling that there must be some kind of free will .
and while we 're here in frankfurt at main , i 'll remind you of the number one housing project .
there 's a scholar named wolf singer , and sometimes you say wolf singer says there 's no such thing as a wolf singer .
now we can go back to the second set and say , if wolf singer is right , then he has no idea .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can read in the daily newspaper , you 'll find in this third sentence .
he looks like whoever doesn 't have an immunity agreement can 't be held accountable for his actions and claims , and he 's certifiable .
here it is again .
in fact , you 'd have to prove to me if there was such a thing as street smarts .
but the logic of deception allows us to pretend that the first sentence was wrong in the first place , as if we had to take the opposite without proof .
and now you can just do something yourself if you want to test for yourself and especially if you want to make people happy , train that courage to lie .
practice this , for example , when you meet a person that you can then tell , there are no absolutes .
and please don 't use the german word for " prophet . "
you can 't say that , that would be a little politically incorrect again .
tell them there 's no exit strategy .
right now , they 're going to find out who , of course , has this kind of commitment , you can 't prove it .
and now you have a problem .
because while you 're busy trying to convince yourself that you can 't prove there 's no such thing as an escape route , the man is very happy .
he 's happy because he fooled you .
because he led them onto a trail that he didn 't bother himself at all .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
he 's only interested in keeping himself free from the need to prove that there are any safety issues .
so , in the way of the shifting of the evidence , you experience the awesomeness of the lie .
and once again , if you have a chance to feel that pain in the ass with other people , do it , because you 'll make others happy if you don 't remind them of their pain in the ass .
thank you for your attention .
yes , hello .
i asked lilly if i could mention her .
she 's one of the top executives here from this great event , and she asked me if i wanted to give a lecture here and give away my idea .
i gotta tell you , you heard me . it was hard to talk about my idea at first .
and i 'd like to introduce my favorite client that i 'm trying to introduce you .
of course , it 's the sum of many , many ideas .
and then i ended up in berlin in the mid eighties because i wanted to make renewable energies , and there was no such thing in the 1980s .
that 's when they had the most amazing idea .
in those days , all of them were called the maccabees .
they 're called the numbers today .
because a good engineer either built great cars or crashed .
but , you know , it 's like a garbage truck coming out of a hundred watts of the square meter . that was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy sex tape .
i 'm grateful to the chief of staff that he rehabilitated the word because after the war , you weren 't allowed to use the word at all because everything on the left was bad .
but it wasn 't like that in the 1920s .
in kreuzberg was one of them sitting in kreuzberg , where they suspected evil .
place of origin , but that was called solar power and solar power , and that 's where i started in the mid eighties .
and yes , a lot of what was said today touched me very much because many , many beautiful words were there that i lived through .
i 've worked in the collective for 11 years , and that was unforgivable .
we were 20 people .
it deals with bullshit .
and i put up with it until the end of the year , and then , together with friends , i became the co-founder of the company , which then became one of the world 's largest financial institutions .
and here 's a project i want to introduce you to .
and the title of the automobile was , yes , how to get 100 % renewable .
and we just started asking a relatively painless story , where would you put a storage capacity today ?
on this island , this is the isle of wight .
yeah , that 's the data .
four and a half thousand people live there .
they have 15 percent renewable energy today .
and the question is , why don 't you have more ?
this just can 't be technologically .
if they expose each other more , the system will fail .
that 's what i always tell the politicians when they visit our facility in riyadh .
they always say why ?
we already have 20 % in germany .
can 't be a problem .
it 's not true , we have seven percent in europe , and our net is physically seen by the european .
if we had 20 % in europe , we 'd have the same problems people have on this island .
the question was simple . if you count on it , the first contacts started with the island , just do the math .
how big would a battery be to bring an island like this to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 % renewable .
and , yes , i 'm going over another slide .
the conventional system looks like this all over the world .
by the way , a year or so , about a hundred gigawatts of electric output is going to be occurring in the world .
that 's a hundred standard operating procedures , because this is going to go anywhere fast .
the main event in the world is being wiped with diesel because you don 't need authorization .
that 's fast .
you put a box like that .
and then it usually looks that way .
there are always three of them , two waiting .
yeah , that 's the way it looks down there .
we also got very detailed data .
and the backup systems or the backup systems or whatever it is , it 's usually a backup system or a system that can only be duplicated in small amounts .
our goal was to just say , okay ,
the diesel will be back-up and the wind , sun will operate the load so they can map out the larger portion .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 % renewable energies , so energy a year , not power at the moment , then you need to turn off the diesel .
that is , in that moment , you must ensure that the renewable energy can take over the entire network .
of course , you can 't do that unless you 're managed in some way .
nobody 's ever done that before .
it 's in a small way , so you can use your razor in the car over a small metal plate .
people always ask me , what are you doing in north africa ?
it 's all right .
but if you want to take out several of these neural nets and have them build a net , it 's gonna be very complicated .
this is definitely gonna be a field test , which then , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , you know , or shh , it will be .
you 're gonna have to go to a full moon , and you 're gonna have to jump in , and you 're gonna have to do better than that .
we just wanted to know what happened to a normal , functioning battery .
how far do you get ?
and then we did a lot of simulations .
those were the initial calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay ,
that 's great , then we have a business model .
we 're cheaper than the average american when the average rate rises five percent a year .
and then we started negotiating with the nausicaans .
what would have to be done ?
negotiating with investors , looking for new business partners .
we were only five people back then to rebuild society .
and here 's the rendering again .
the brown is basically the conventional system , the green is our system .
the fact that our system has a carbon monoxide leak is that we 're still doing 20 % of diesel and we can 't penetrate the other stuff .
and the oil company that owns the island says we love it .
we want to be supportive , but we don 't believe you can solve the technical problem .
and that 's why we decided to build a gym in berlin where we can basically map the island 's electrical conditions one to three exactly .
that means we started looking for the biggest battery in the world .
here it is .
it comes naturally from asia , in the case of japan .
and in the 1970 's , it was developed at the bbc mannheim today , and then converted to the japanese .
it 's a very , very large battery .
she 's got a hell of an accomplishment , and she can sustain that power for six hours , and that 's the battery we 've been working on , so to speak .
and then they set it up .
over here , we 're going to simulate the entire electrical system , the wiring coils , so to speak , the power grid 's down .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also upload 200 kilowatts into the net .
here we see this again , the diesel , here we go again , the whole units .
and what we 've been doing since cupcake wars , the hall was finished until today , basically everything here between the individual system of electronics , to develop software , we did .
so we 're not a commercial group , but we define ourselves as a company that stands between the battery and the grid and everything in between .
of course , you have to communicate to the battery , you have to be able to communicate to the grid , and it 's very complicated .
the beauty of it is that on this island , you can basically beat the crap out of everything we 're about to get if we want to increase our share of renewable resources .
so , this whole discussion , how 's it going to go right now , going , going , going , going on the island , for example , for 25 to 30 % , so we 're gonna blow the wind and the sun out .
we 'll have to make a deal .
all right , gang bang , all over the place .
you know , we can start integrating nuclear power on this island , right ?
that means if you 're 70 % renewable , you won 't be able to do that without memory .
you can do that by extension of the nets , but you 'll never be able to complete the memory .
and that 's kind of the message .
that 's why a lot of people come and look at this , because you can see the problems you 're having .
if we shut down the diesel , then you don 't have that mass that causes a certain amount of inertia in the net .
and our european banking system is basically just spinning tons of spinning masses of big oil wherever the wave is all around europe .
we look into this net , we see the fifty hertz , and when it comes down to it , comma nine hertz , we catch a few winks , then we get a little steam in , then we come back up .
that 's the system .
and of course it 's incredibly lazy .
if you take this off somewhere , it 'll take a while .
spin reserve has at least ten seconds to keep the grid stable .
and in time , they can react differently .
if you don 't have that anymore , that mass of yours , you 're gonna have to replace it with a bunch of baby spiders and baby spiders .
and we can reset that big battery for two milliseconds .
you can see what an enormous amount of energy there is .
and the message is now , we need to dispense with these spinning masses , if we 're going to accomplish our goals , twenty , twenty percent , twenty , twenty , thirty , thirty percent , and so on , if we 're going to reach them at all ,
then we need to dismantle our neural capacity online .
simply means the power station is on line to maintain frequency .
yeah , well , that 's a hell of a job right now , courtesy phone , 'cause we don 't have one or two , 'cause we can 't .
and we 're just trying to make it clear that you can dismantle the capacity , the exponential capacity , by putting the memory into the net .
fortunately , there are a lot of studies now .
and that 's why people always come and watch our favorite movie on , like , our favorite movie .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can you get ahead of yourself ?
and a lot of discussions i 've had in the last six years have been similar to the discussion i 've had for the last 30 years on the topic of conversation .
we can 't , it 's bullshit , it 's bullshit , we 've been counting on it , never figures it out .
we have 30 gigawatts of electricity in germany today .
that 's exemplary .
and i 'm just assuming that for the next 30 years , we 'll have the same capacity for memory loss all over the world .
simple , that 's how it 's gonna happen .
there 's gonna be a lot of arguments and arguments .
the beauty of it is that in the past two years , i 've experienced scientists taking my side .
we 've been given over ten million kilts by now , and now we 're stuck on the german net .
this is gonna happen next april .
so from that point on , you can also tell there 's a change and only from that defense to yes , to the idea that 100 % renewable is true .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , then that 's like an untapped system .
so far , they 're always trying to get into discussions , these government guys , they 're self-sufficient , they have a little network of their own .
the question is simple , if you make yourself completely independent of some kind of fossil or mineral formations that are floating around the world and brought to you , then you 're an island .
then they just use up what 's in the sun and wind where they live .
and that 's kind of our vision of a self-sustaining energy supply , and i 'm also grateful that you said use solar power .
and that 's what we 're doing , and so is the lecture from premium kola , that you 're allowed to be a collective and use solar energy here a little together .
and yes , well , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy and also have a vision .
and you have to be really tough about it , but i think you can .
thank you .
when steve lopez , columnist of the los angeles times , went through the streets at the center of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
it came from a man , an african-american , sociable , rough , homeless , playing on a violin with only two strings left .
nathaniel left juilliard , suffered a nervous breakdown , and 30 years later , he lived as a homeless man on the streets of los angeles row .
i met mr. ayers in 2008 two years ago at walt disney concert hall .
he had just heard a demonstration of beethoven 's first and fourth symphony and came backstage to introduce himself .
he spoke in a very serene and eloquent tone about yo-yo ma and hillary clinton and how the dodgers would never make it to the baseball world series and all because of the first movement of beethoven 's fourth symphony .
we got on the subject of music , and a few days later , i got an e-mail saying that nathaniel was interested in music with me .
i have to mention that nathaniel refused medical treatment because he 'd already been treated with electric shock and handcuffs , a trauma that followed him his whole life .
and in a very similar fashion magazine , nathaniel was when we started our first class at walt disney hall and he had this crazy flicker in his eyes and it seemed completely lost .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and how someone tried to poison him in his sleep .
so i just started playing .
i played the first set of beethoven 's piano sonata .
and while i was playing , i noticed that there was a complete change in nell 's eyes .
it was like he was under the influence of an invisible drug , a chemical reaction whose catalyst was my game .
a calm curiosity and grace .
and miraculously , he took his violin and began to play some clippings of vue victims and then asked me to finish them :
we started talking about music , starting from bach on beethoven , brahms , bruckner , and all the others , bs from time to time .
and i realized that not only did he have a rudimentary knowledge of music , he had a close personal relationship with her .
he spoke of her with a passion and a understanding that i know only about my colleagues at the los angeles philharmonic .
by playing music and talking about music , this paranoid , confused man who had just moved through the streets of los angeles has become a lovable , sophisticated , brilliant musician trained in juilliard .
music changes us .
for nathaniel , music is spiritual health .
because music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the help of his imagination and creativity to something real .
and so he escapes his agonizing state .
i understood that this is the essence of art .
this is why we make music , so that we can make something inside of all of us , our feelings , through our artistic lens , through our creativity into reality .
and the reality of that expression reaches all of us , and moves , inspires and unites us .
as for nathaniel , the music brought him back to a community of friends .
the power of music brought him back to a family of musicians who understood him , who recognized his talent and respected him .
and i will play music with nathaniel over and over again , whether at the walt disney concert hall or skid row , because he reminds me of why i became a musician .
thank you .
thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something i stole from the cellist .
i hope you 'll forgive me .
well , i 've known a lot of fish in my life .
i only loved two .
that first one , it was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , bright texture , rich , a bestseller on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , it was bred in sustainability by the supposedly highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel comfortable selling it .
i 've had a relationship with this beauty for several months .
one day , the head of the company called and asked if i could recite at an event about the farm sustainability .
" of course , " i said .
there was a company here trying to solve what this unthinkable problem has become for our cooks .
for the last 50 years , we 've fished the seas , beating forests bare .
it 's hard to overstate the destruction .
90 % of the big fish , the ones we love , the crab cakes , the salmon , swordfish , they collapsed .
there 's almost nothing left .
so good or bad is gonna be a part of our future .
a great disadvantage .
he 's got a record of 15 to one .
that means it takes 15 pounds of torque to get a pound of magnesium sulfate .
not very sustainable .
it 's not very good either .
so here was finally a company that tried to make it right .
i wanted to support her .
the day before the event , i called the head of public relations for the company .
let 's call him don .
" don , " i said , " just to get the facts right , you 're famous for growing so far out in the ocean , you 're not polluting the environment . "
" that 's right , " he said . " we 're so far out , the garbage is being distributed by our fish , not focused . "
and then he added , " we 're basically a world of our own .
this is 2.5 to 1 , he said .
" the best in the business . "
2.5 to one , great .
what are you feeding ?
" sustainable protein , " he said .
" great , " i said .
and that night , i was in bed thinking , " what the hell is a protein problem ? "
so the next day , just before the event , i called don .
i said , " don , for example , what are sustainable proteins ? "
he said he didn 't know .
well , i was on the phone with some people at the company , and nobody could give me a decent answer until i finally got off the phone with the ranking biologist .
let 's call him don , too .
" don , " i said , " like what are sustainable proteins ? "
well , he mentioned some algae and some soil samples , and then he said , " algae . "
i said , " what ? "
he said , " yeah , feathers , skin , body parts , leftovers , dried and processed to feed . "
i said , " how much per cent of your chicken is chicken ? "
assuming maybe two percent .
" well , that 's about 30 % , " he said .
i said , " don , what 's sustainable about feeding chicken to fish ? "
there was a long break on the line and he said , " there 's just too much chicken in the world . "
i 'm getting off this fish .
no , not because i 'm a self-righteous connoisseur and a do-gooder .
i am .
no , i actually ate away from that fish because , i swear to god , the fish tasted like chicken after this conversation .
this second fish is a different kind of love story .
it 's the romantic way , the way you get to know your fish , the more you love the fish .
i ate it first at a restaurant in boras .
a friendly journalist had long talked about this fish .
she kind of set us up .
he came on the table with a bright , almost shimmering white paint .
the cook cooked it up .
hold it twice .
amazingly , it was still delicious .
who can make a fish taste so good after it 's overcooked ?
i can 't , but this guy can .
let 's call him miguel .
and no , he didn 't cook the fish , and he 's not a cook , at least in the way that you and i understand .
he 's a biologist at veta la palma .
this is an emergency meeting in the southwest corner of spain .
it 's near the mouth of the river .
up to 1980 , the farm was in the hands of a couple of campers .
they were drooling over what was basically super awesome .
you did this by invading the country .
they built this complicated episode of canals , and they pushed water out of the country and into the river .
well , they couldn 't make that work , not economically .
and ecologically , it was a disaster .
it killed about 90 % of the birds , which is a lot of birds for this place .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company bought the land with rubber bands .
what did you do ?
they reversed the river of water .
they literally pulled the lever .
instead of flooding the water , they used the canals to restore the water .
they 're jamming the channels .
they created an 11,000 acres of sea bass , shrimp , eel , and miguel and his company completely reversed the environmental destruction .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , you 've never seen anything like it .
they 're staring out at the horizon a million miles away , and all they see are dense canals and these dense , lush march .
i was there with miguel not long ago .
he 's an amazing guy , three parts charles darwin and part of " a crocodile to kiss . "
there we were , fighting through the vents , and i 'm sweating , i got mud up to my knees , and miguel 's resting comfortably .
this is where he brings out a rare specimen .
now he 's bringing up the list of suspects .
and here , he sees a pattern of pooling that reminds him of the three-eyed giraffe .
turns out miguel spent most of his career in the antarctic national park in africa .
i asked him how he turned out to be such a pain in the ass .
he said , " fish ?
i 'm an expert on relationships . "
and then he goes and crashes himself into more talk of rare birds and algae and weird baby spiders .
and don 't get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , bringing in the most dysfunctional community , like that .
it 's great , but i was in love .
and my head was getting weak over this delicious piece of pie i had the night before .
i said , " miguel , how come your fish tastes so good ? "
he pointed to the algae .
" i know , kid , the algae , the algae , the relationship , it 's incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
what 's the rate of infection ? "
well , he 's continuing to tell me that it 's such an intricate system that the fish eat what they eat in the wilderness .
the vegetable biomass , the coca cola , that 's what feeds the fish .
the system is so healthy , it 's completely soundproof .
there 's no food .
ever heard of a farm that doesn 't feed its animals ?
at that moment , it was as if a film director had demanded an exit interview .
and we stood around the corner , and we stood the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pink flamingos , literally pink carpet as far as the eye could see .
" that 's success , " he said .
" look at their bellies , pink .
they feast . "
i was confused .
i said , " miguel , don 't they feast on your fish ? "
" yes , " he said .
" we 're losing 20 % of our fish and fuel to the birds .
well , there were 600,000 birds on this property last year , over 250 different species .
it 's become the biggest and one of the most important private collections in europe today .
i said , " miguel , isn 't a well-oiled archery machine the last thing you want on an airplane ? "
he shook his head , no .
he said , " we 're building animal parts , not intense .
this is a subwave network .
the flamingos eat the shrimp .
the shrimp will eat the fish .
so the more pink the stomach , the better the system . "
okay , let 's rethink this- - a farm that doesn 't feed your animals and a farm that measures your success in the health of your bandits .
it 's a family trait , but it 's also a family trait .
oh , and besides , those flamingos shouldn 't even be there in the first place .
you 're breeding in a city 150 miles away , where the time travel is better for the weather channel .
every morning , they fly 150 miles to the farm .
and every night , they fly 150 miles back .
you 're doing this because you can follow the dotted white line of the road .
seriously .
i had imagined some kind of trip from the penguins , so i looked at miguel .
i said , " miguel , do you fly 150 miles to the farm and then fly 150 miles back in the evening ?
do you do that for the kids ? "
he looked at me like i was quoting a song by whitney houston .
he said , " no , you 're doing this because the food is better . "
i don 't like them crispy .
it 's this crisp , charred taste .
i hardly ever cook with it .
and yet , when i tried her at that restaurant in boras , she didn 't taste like apple pie .
it tasted sweet and pure like taking a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to miguel and he nodded .
he said , " the skin looks like a sponge .
it 's the last defense before something enters the body .
" she has evolved in the course of evolution to soak up toxic gases . "
and then he added , " but our water has no plumbing . "
a farm that doesn 't feed its fish , a farm that measures its success with the success of its robbers .
and then i realized , when he said a farm that doesn 't have a farm , it was booming because the water that flows through this farm is coming in from the river .
it 's a river that carries all the things that rivers tend to carry with them these days , chemical pollutants , drain of pollutants .
and if it fought through the system , and this one leaves , the water is cleaner than how it got in .
the system is so healthy , it purifies the water .
because when the water clears , it sinks into the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i 'll take it , and you should , too , because this love story , however romantic , is enlightening .
you could say she 's a recipe for the future good food , whether we 're talking about bass or bass .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture from one where food actually tastes good .
but it 's a little radical for a lot of people .
we 're not realists .
we love organic food .
and if you say these are the things that insure the future of good food , someone stands up somewhere and says , " hey , guys , i love pink flamingos , but how are you gonna feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? "
can i be honest ?
i don 't like that question .
no , not because we 're producing enough calories to feed the world more than just .
a billion people will be starving today .
a billion . that 's more than ever because of the heavy traffic in distribution , not the speed limit .
well , i don 't like that question because it 's defined the logic of our relationship for the last 50 years .
feeding crops to herbivores , feeding berries , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and all this time , the mollusk just kept asking , " when we feed more cheap people , how awful can it be ? "
it was the justification , it was the justification it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call her what she is , a trade in processing , a trade that eats up rapidly 's capital that makes this production possible .
it 's not a trade , and it 's not farming .
our supply line is threatened today , not due to inadequate supply , but due to inadequate resources ,
not through the latest oil fields and fishing nets , but through fertile land , not through pumps , but through fresh water , not through chain saws , but through woods , not fishing boats and nets , but by fish in the sea .
you want to feed the world ?
let 's start with the question , how are we gonna feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that would enable every community to feed themselves ?
to do that , don 't look at the risk of the future .
it 's really old , and it 's done .
capital , chemistry and machinery are in it , and it never produced anything really good to eat .
let 's look at the ecological model instead .
this is the work experience of two billion years .
look at miguel , farmers like miguel ,
companies that aren 't worlds to themselves , plants to restore , plants to life , plants to grow , plants to grow , not only grow , farmers who aren 't just breeders , but experts in relationships .
because they 're the ones who are experts at taste .
and if i 'm being honest , you 're a better cook than i 'll ever be .
you know , that 's fine with me , because if this is the future of good food , it 's gonna be delicious .
thank you .
so , what we 're looking at here is a typical age issue .
the program i 'm using here is a little experiment .
it 's called liver function and what i can do with kidney function is that i can filter out a specific cause of death , say accidents .
and right now , i see another pattern coming together .
and that 's because in the middle of nowhere , people are at the top of the world , and you 're over here at the top of the world .
we can go one step further and rearrange the data and see that melanoma is the usual suspects , but not everyone .
if we go on and sort things out by age , say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the main cause that people should be worried about .
and who sees fit , especially in men .
so you can see that the view of information and data in this way is very reminiscent of swimming in a living ocean liner .
and if we can do this for free speech , why not for content ?
what we 've got here is every single sports illustrated ever printed .
it 's all here .
you can test it in your rooms after my lecture .
you can immerse yourself in a decade .
you can dive into a specific year .
you can jump straight to a specific issue .
when i look here , i see the athletes who appear in this issue and sports .
i 'm a lance armstrong fan , so i click here , showing me all the expenses of lance armstrong .
now , if i just want to get a clearer look , can i think , " okay , what if i look at everything about riding a bike ? "
so i take a step back and widen the view .
now i see greg lemond .
and that 's how you get an idea that if you search information that way , more surgical , zoom in , zoom in , you don 't look , or you don 't just surf .
you do something that 's actually a little different .
there 's something in between , and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i 'd like to continue this idea with something a little crazy .
what we 've done here is we 've taken every single piece of paper and reduced it to a brief summary .
the summary contains a brief overview and a symbol of the area it comes from .
i 'm just going to show the top 500 of the world 's top 500 .
but even in this limited view , we can do a lot of things .
right now , we 're getting an impression on the subjects that are on wikipedia entries .
i 'm going to vote for the government .
well , after i vote for the government , i realize that the majority vote that covers time travel is people of the year .
this is really important , because this is an awareness that 's not in a single file .
it 's only visible if you take one step back and look at the whole thing .
i can go into the theme of time magazine people of the year and see them all together .
now , when i look at all these people , i realize that the majority of them are government agents , some of them come from science , some of them come from the economy , and here 's my boss , and one of them comes out of the country club .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted mosby 's winner .
so we can jump now and take a look at all the ted mosby winners .
you see , we 're surfing the net for the first time as if it 's really a web , not just side to side , but much abstract .
and so i want to show you something else that might be a little surprise .
i 'm just showing you the new york times website .
internet access , this application i don 't want to call it a browser ; it 's really not a browser , but you can look at web sites with it , and we 're taking these internet addresses to every single website like this .
so i can step back and jump straight to a specific section .
that 's important because the only way to look at web sites is to look at all the web sites the same way .
so i can navigate my course in a specific time frame .
here 's the status of the entire demonstration i 've held up to here .
and i can sort of retrieve everything i 've looked at so far today .
and , uh , if i take one more step out and look at everything , i might be able to rearrange my progress , see if i can find bing , or live labs .
and from here , i can go in the side and call you back .
it 's a metaphor used over and over , and every time , it makes the whole picture bigger than the sum of money .
right now , in this world , we think data is a curse .
we 're talking about the curse of the arcadian .
we 're talking about drowning in information .
if we can do that , then this previously on revenge , maybe a new source of meaningful information .
and instead of just moving into information , we can get knowledge .
and if we find out , then maybe we can take some wisdom from it .
thank you .
i grew up with a large portion of science fiction .
in high school , i took a bus to school every day for an hour .
and my nose was always in a book , a pamphlet , that took my thoughts to other worlds , and in a way , satisfied my sitting , insatiable curiosity .
i was all hopped up , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and assessing the boundaries of the potential .
and my love of science fiction seemed to linger in my surroundings because back in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon and explored the depths of the sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his fascinating programs that showed us animals and places and a world of wonders we could never have imagined .
well , i guess that worked out pretty well for that college kid .
and i was an artist .
i could draw .
and since there wasn 't any video games , and there was no video games , and there was no such thing as the movies , and there was no such thing as the pictures in my head .
when we read a book as kids , we took the author 's description and put it on the canvas in our heads .
my reaction was to drawing and painting aliens , alien worlds , robots , spaceships and stuff .
i was constantly caught by a teacher hiding behind a textbook .
the creativity had to come out somehow .
and something interesting happened because what fascinated me about jacques cousteau 's shipments was the thought of an unknown world here on earth itself .
surely i would never reach an alien world with a starship .
but here was a world i could actually enter here on earth , and it was as fascinating and exotic as all the things i always imagined when i read those books .
so when i was 15 , i decided to become a diver .
the only problem was i lived in a small village in canada a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
i didn 't let that discourage me .
i pissed off my dad until he finally tracked down a heroin addiction in buffalo , new york , right across the border where we lived .
i was doing my pool at the ymca in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , a real ocean , only two years later , when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years that have passed , i 've spent , like , three thousand hours underwater . 500 hours of it in equatorial guinea .
and i 've learned that the world of the deep sea , even in the primeval oceans , is as rich as we can possibly imagine .
the imagination of nature knows no bounds , unlike our own sorry human imagination .
to this day , i 'm deeply in awe of what i see on my screen .
and my love for the ocean continues with the same intensity as ever .
when i was an adult , i chose a job , making movies .
it seemed the best way to tell my inner need to tell stories with my need to create images .
when i was a kid , i used to draw comic books and stuff .
so movies were the way to put together pictures and stories .
of course , the stories i chose were from the sarah connor chronicles , " terminator , " aliens , " and " terminator , "
i was able to connect my penchant for making movies .
so basically , my two passions are intertwined .
something interesting happened at " s.n.t. " in order to solve a serious problem in this movie - and we had to create some kind of liquid form - - we reached animation , motion pictures , back .
what came out was the first ever seen in a movie .
the film didn 't bring any money , as a matter of fact , he 'd just made his production costs , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience in the world was hypnotized by the magic that thought of it .
according to arthur clarke 's law , we 're known to know the difference between technology and magic .
so you saw something magical .
and i found that incredibly exciting .
and i thought , " wow , this has to be included in the state film . "
so we went to terminator 2 , my next movie , much further .
along with thermal imaging , we created the guy from liquid metal .
and it worked , and we had created something magical again , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we 've made a little more money with the movie .
based on these two experiences , a whole new world was reached , a whole new world of creativity for financial transactions .
so i started a company , along with my good friend , stan winston , who was the best sales manager at the time .
the idea of this company was to skip phase one trials with optical imaging et cetera , and begin with digital productions .
that 's what we did , and for such a time , we managed to get a hold of ourselves .
but in the middle of the ' 90s , we realized that we had built this company too slowly .
but the bar really pushed back , and the people at my firm told me that we haven 't been able to do it yet .
so i postponed it and made this other movie about the big ship going down .
i sold it to the studio as " romeo and juliet " on a ship .
secretly , i wanted to be the real wreck of the titanic .
that 's why i made the movie .
the studio didn 't know .
but i convinced her by saying , " we 're diving to the wreck .
we 'll show it in the video version of the movie .
it 's really important .
and i convinced them to finance an expedition .
but that goes back to the fact that your imagination can create a reality .
we actually created a reality six months later in which i found myself in a russian space shuttle , four kilometers below the surface of the north atlantic looking at the real titanic through a porthole .
it wasn 't a movie , it wasn 't hd , it was real .
well , that really knocked me out .
we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i couldn 't help noticing how much these twin towers were like a giant spider .
well , they were also meticulous planning .
you get into that capsule , then you float down to this dark , hostile environment where there 's no hope of rescue if you don 't make it back yourself .
and i thought , " wow , that 's just like i 'm in a dating service .
that 's really cool . "
i was obsessed with exploring the depths of the sea .
it was adventure , curiosity , imagination .
and it was an experience hollywood couldn 't give me .
because , you know , i could think of a being that we could then create a visual effect , but i couldn 't imagine what i 'd see outside the window .
so that really knocked me over , and i wanted more .
and so i made a rather unusual decision .
after the success of titanic , i said to myself , " okay , i want to ice my favorite producer in hollywood for a while . "
and then we began to dive to bismarck , and explore it with flying colors .
we returned to the wreckage of titanic .
we took little robots that we had built , and we built them , and we built them .
our intention was to look inside the ship , which had never been done before .
no one 's ever been able to explore the interior of the wreckage , so we 've developed the technology we need .
and here i am , sitting on the deck of titanic , in a log cabin , and seeing planks quite similar to these boards , and i know the band once played there .
and i 'm flying through the corridors of the ship with a little tracking device .
i 'm actually just serving it , but my consciousness is inside the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically present inside the titanic 's murder site .
the set was an exact copy of the ship 's schematics .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me aware of the concept of using such scanned avatars as well as transferring consciousness into the vehicle into this other form of existence .
it was really enormously profound .
and maybe a little view of what might happen in a few decades , if you have brain cancer to explore or do other things , in all the possible ways that i can think of as a brain surgeon .
after these expeditions , we began to really appreciate what we had seen down there , such as these pioneer animals , where we saw these incredibly resilient animals , which are like aliens , but here on earth .
you 're living with the help of an immigrant .
they don 't exist in a sun system like we do .
and that 's how you see animals right next to 500 degrees celsius that they can survive there .
at the same time , i was also very interested in online dating , which was the childhood dream again .
that was fascinating .
but in the end , it all boils down to the fact that i took scuba diving lessons with us .
although we did film documentaries , but we did actually do science , which , to be precise , we did film documentaries .
that 's how the circle between my existence as an earth alliance , back when i was a child , and the implementation of reality .
i learned a lot during this voyage of discovery .
i 've learned a lot about science , but now i 'm sure you think a director needs to lead , be a leader like a ship captain or something .
i didn 't know much about leadership until i ran these expeditions .
because at a certain point , i had to say , " what am i doing here ?
why am i doing this ?
these stupid movies don 't make us any money .
we 're playing production costs .
everyone thinks i 'm between " titanic " and " avatar " and i 've been working my nails on a towel on the beach somewhere .
i made all these movies , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money .
because we did all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked nonstop for years , sometimes we were at sea two to three months in a row .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the respect you have in front of each other because you 've accomplished a task that can 't be explained to anyone else .
there 's a connection , a mutual respect .
so when i came back to make my next movie " avatar , " i tried to apply the same management style , which is to respect your team and earn their respect .
that really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a small team on uncharted territory , shooting " avatar " with a new technique that never existed before .
very exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we became a real family for a period of four and a half years .
it changed my way of making movies , completely .
there were people who said that we 'd done a really good job of copying and moving the planet pandora .
for me , it was more of a passive-aggressive way of doing my job , the actual process that changed the outcome .
so what can we infer from all this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think curiosity comes first .
it 's the most powerful human trait .
our imagination is a force even a reality can create .
and the respect of your team is more important than any laurel in the world .
young filmmakers come to me and say , " give me some advice on how to do this . "
and i say , " don 't cover yourself .
don 't do it to yourself , don 't bet against yourself , but take risks . "
nasa 's got this " failure is not an option . "
but in art and research , failure has to be an alternative because it guarantees a leap of faith .
no important endeavor that demanded innovation has ever been dealt with without risk .
you have to be willing to take these risks .
that 's the thought i 'd like to give you along .
today i 'm talking to you about energy and climate .
and that may come as a surprise because my research at the foundation is mostly about vaccines and seeds , about the things we have to invent and deliver to give the poorest two billion dollars a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important to these people , actually more important than anyone else on the planet .
it means they won 't grow for many years , it 'll rain too much or too little .
it leads to uncertainty , causing unrest .
so , climate change is gonna be terrible for you .
besides , it 's very important to you .
the fact is , if you could only reduce the price from one thing , energy at a distance would be the most effective .
well , the clock tower fell over time .
as a matter of fact , it 's based on family values .
the agricultural industry was driving the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a case in the industrial system , and that 's why we have air-conditioning , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
so we 're in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but when we reduce the price , we cut the price in half , we hit a new barrier , and that barrier hangs with co2 .
co2 warms the planet , and the equation for co2 is actually quite clear .
well , the exact link between a dna swab and the resulting fracture pattern , and where their subsequent episodes are , there are several discrepancies , but not many .
and i 'm sure there 's no telling how bad these episodes are gonna be , but they 're gonna be extremely bad !
i 've asked the movers several times , " do we really have to get down to close zero ?
isn 't half or a quarter enough ? "
the answer is , until we get near zero , the temperature will continue to rise .
that 's why it 's a big challenge .
it 's not like saying we have a 6-foot truck that needs to get under a bridge , which is practically squeezed .
this has to go all the way down to zero .
well , we make a lot of noise complaints every year over 26 billion tons .
every american , about 20 tons , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it 's about five tons for everyone on the planet .
and somehow , we have to create changes that make it null and void .
it 's been climbing steadily so far .
only various economic changes have affected it at all , and we need to go from a reduced rise to a culling up to zero .
so let 's look at each factor individually and figure out how to get this to zero .
probably one of these numbers has to get very close to zero .
well , that 's basic algebra , but let 's go over it .
first we have the population .
today 6.8 billion people live ,
and it 's moving to nine billion .
if we 're very successful with a new set of numbers , the stock market and stock options , we might be able to lower that by 10 % to 15 % , but right now we 're looking at an incline by 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
that includes all the food we eat , clothes , television , heat .
these are very good things , and service means accessible to almost everyone on the planet .
it 's great that this number goes up .
here we see a very basic service .
and these students don 't have it , so go out and read their schoolwork under the school board .
well , with effectiveness , the e , energy per service , there 's finally good news .
we have something that doesn 't rise ,
due to various successes in the banking system , by other charities , by new methods in the banking industry , there are many services which have certain individual services reduced by 90 % .
in other service , like the making of hydrogen bombs , 105 : 05 a.m. light bombs or air traffic , the margin for improvements is much smaller .
overall , if we 're optimistic , we might get a reduction by a factor 3 or maybe even a factor 6 .
but for the first three factors , we 've gone from 26 billion to maybe top 13 billion tons .
so let 's take a look at the fourth factor , and this one 's gonna be a knockout , that 's the amount of co2 that 's going to be filtered down to the pro bono .
the question is , can you get that to zero ?
if you burn coal , no .
if they burn natural gas , no .
almost every co2 outlet for electricity nowadays except renewable energy and carbon dioxide .
so , what we need to do on a global level is create a new system .
we need backup generators .
now , if i use the term " miracle , " i don 't mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle .
the internet and its services are a miracle .
the people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
usually , there 's no deadline that you need a miracle until a certain date .
usually you just stand by and some come , others don 't .
in that case , we have to go full throttle and get a miracle in a very short time .
well , i was wondering , how can i really put this across ?
is there a natural illustration , a demonstration that ignites the idea of people here ?
i remembered last year when i brought mosquitoes and somehow people liked that .
the idea was real tangible to you , you know there are people who live with mosquitoes .
i remembered this for energy .
i decided releasing fireflies would be my most significant contribution to the environment here .
so here are some natural fireflies .
i 've been assured you won 't bite .
well , there are all kinds of places like this , but they don 't do much .
we need solutions , either one or several that have an unimaginable ability and unimaginable reliability , and even though there are many directions that people are looking for , i really only see five that can make these great demands .
i 've lost track of tides , plasma storms , fusion and fusion .
first , let 's look at burning fossil fuels , burning either coal or natural gas .
who 's gonna make sure ?
who can guarantee something that literally billions of times bigger than any kind of garbage that can be imagined by animal rights and other things ?
that 's a lot of volume .
so that 's a tough one .
next up :
then what do you do with the garbage ?
because even though it 's not very big , there 's a lot of concern .
so three very difficult problems that may be solved , and that 's why you should work .
i spent the last three of the five .
it 's the renewable energies , as they are often called .
and they also have some drawbacks .
for one thing , the subspace distortions that generate these technologies are dramatically less than the ones from skylab .
it 's a lot of square miles , a thousand times more acreage than a regular power plant .
furthermore , these sources are subject to interruptions :
the sun doesn 't shine all day , it doesn 't shine every day , and neither does the wind .
that 's why when you 're addicted to these sources , you have to have a way to get the energy when it 's not available .
if we say that the power source is out of the country , they don 't just need the technology , they have to deal with the risk of the energy from somewhere else .
and there 's the sex tape .
so we need a big break here , something that 's gonna be a factor of 100 better than the current .
it 's not impossible , but it 's not that easy .
that 's what happens when you try to bring in these untapped sources of say 20 % - 30 % of the profits .
if you want to lean on it by 100 % , you 're gonna need an incredible body count .
well , where do we go , what 's the right approach ?
a manhattan project ?
what we need are a lot of companies working on it .
in each of these five areas , we need at least 100 people .
a lot of people will say they 're crazy .
i think there are a lot of people in the ted group who are already committed there .
bill gross has several companies , among other things , a name that has great investment banking .
vinod luwin invests in dozens of companies doing great things and having interesting options , and i 'm trying to support that .
nathan fillion and i are funding a company that , perhaps surprisingly , follows the nuclear approach .
there 's a lot of innovation in the business community .
development stopped in this industry a while back , so it 's not a big surprise some good concepts are lying around .
the bottom line means that instead of a part of the core , the one percent , the nucleus , we decided to burn the 99 % , the nucleus .
that 's a pretty crazy idea .
and because you burn that 99 % , that 's much better .
in fact , you burn the garbage , and you can even use the waste of today 's reactors as a homing device .
instead of worrying about it , just burn it .
the uranium is used in uranium , a bit like a candle .
you see , it 's some kind of pillar , often referred to as the shifting wave reactor .
that really solves the problem .
here 's a picture of a place in kentucky .
it 's the waste that 's 99 % .
the drives the u.s. for hundreds of years .
and if you can get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there are a lot of challenges , but it 's an example of hundreds of things we need to move forward .
let 's figure out how to measure our success .
what would our report card look like ?
well , let 's get to the target we need to reach , and then we 'll talk about the intersect project .
many speak of an 80 % reduction to 2050 .
it 's really important that we get there .
the remaining 20 % will be generated in poor countries , as well as a little farming , hopefully by then , cement and cement will be clean .
so , in order to reach this 80 % , the u.s. government , including countries like china , has to completely rearrange their oil reserves .
the other note says if we use the advanced technology , if it 's used in all the countries we 've developed , and we 're on our way to get it to the rest .
this is super important .
this is going to be a hell of a night out .
if we go back from there , how will the 2020 look ?
it should contain the two elements again .
we should use the oxygen reserves to bring in reduction .
these breakthroughs , we need to follow with full force , and we can measure that in areas of heat , in areas of heat and energy .
there are many great books on this subject .
the al gore book " we have a choice " and david koresh " energy without the hot air . "
they 're really going through it and creating a frame where this can be discussed , because we need support from all sides .
there 's a lot to get together .
that 's a wish .
a very specific desire for us to invent this technology .
this one has the greatest impact .
so what do we have to do ?
what measures do i appeal to ?
we need to apply for more funding .
when countries meet in places like this , they shouldn 't just talk about co2 .
you were supposed to be discussing these budget cuts , and you 'd be shocked by the ridiculously low funds spent on this innovative computer system .
we need thermal imaging , co2 taxes , cap 'n , trade something that could create a vacuum cleaner .
we need to spread the word .
we need to establish rational and full dialogue and also the things done by the government .
it 's an important request , but i think we can make it happen .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you very much .
the difficult step is to build the first reactor , find another billion , and the location that actually builds the first one .
as soon as the first one 's done , if it goes as promised , then it 's all clear , because the first one is so different from the one we know .
to get this straight , this means building deep into the ground like a vertical nuclear missile , this consuming hydrogen bomb , and then the trial starts upstairs working its way down ?
today , they have to refuel the reactor , so there 's a lot of people and a lot of controls that can go wrong , this thing where you open it and stuff goes wrong .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can fill it up for 60 years , think of a column they 're burying without all the gas .
and it 's sitting there burning for 60 years , and then it 's done .
it 's a garbage disposal that provides a solution to the garbage .
well , what happens to the garbage , you can dump him , there 's much less garbage with this method , then take him and put him in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the garbage that already exists , which is in these fusion reactors or cooling systems .
so that 's what was a problem for those reactors , what we fill in ours , and that 's dramatically reduced during this process .
but while you were talking to various people in the world about these possibilities ,
where 's the greatest interest in actually implementing this ?
i 'm optimistic .
this is a variant of one that was made .
it 's an important step forward , but it 's like a fast reactor , and some countries built it , so everyone who 's made a fast reactor is a nuclear reactor for our first .
in your mind , time frame and probability of actually bringing this to life ?
well , we need one of those classy , affordable things , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years to use .
that 's basically the deadline that pointed out to us by the corporate charter we have to keep .
and , you know , if all goes well , and that 's a big wish , that could be easy .
and luckily , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds , just like when their approaches work , the funding for their pilots can bid for it .
and it would be best if there were several , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
regarding the big potential breakthroughs , is this the biggest you know ?
it 's the most important thing .
it would have been if it hadn 't been for the wedding , but it makes it so much more important .
there are other innovative companies in the nuclear sector .
you know , we don 't know their work as well as this , but there 's a more practical approach .
there 's a liquid hydrogen peroxide that seems a little difficult , but maybe they say that about us .
if this doesn 't work , then what ?
do we need to initiate security protocols to try to keep the ship stable ?
when you get into this situation , it 's like eating too much and you 're about to have a heart attack .
there 's a software company called sagittarius , which deals with various techniques to delay the warming so we can get 20 or 30 more years to keep us guessing .
it 's just a formality .
they hope we don 't need it .
some people say you shouldn 't even be working on the insurance because it might make you lazy to keep eating because you know heart surgery will save you .
do you have a sentence or two to convince them ?
unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
are you saying there 's a negative impact involved with the clouds moving things around ?
there are very , very few things you can even say that there is a chance in a million .
the main problem here is similar to aids .
you make the mistake now , and you pay a lot later .
the fact is , this insecurity should worry us .
well , the actual expenditures for research are we say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year more than they do today .
other things shouldn 't suffer .
you get to large sums of money , and here , reasonable people can argue when you have something that 's not economically and try to finance it .
unless , of course , you 're very close to being an investment banker , and you 're just financing the tax returns .
if the swab you get is a very high potassium chloride , only the rich can keep up .
i mean , any of us here could spend five times as much on our energy without changing our lifestyle .
for the lower two billion , but it 's a disaster .
and even nymark is thinking .
his new scam is now , " why isn 't research discussed ? "
he 's still connected to his earlier stories , but he understands that this is a very lonely group , and that 's why he 's bringing the hybrid virus .
and that 's a thought process i think is appropriate .
the research , it 's just crazy how little they support .
bill , i think i speak for almost everyone here when i say i really hope your wish will come true .
thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted 's , peter bernardone introduced a sketch artist named " the vampire slayer . "
the idea is quite simple .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and , although it seems really easy , it 's actually really hard because people are pushing to work together very quickly .
and so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i turned it into a monster movie .
it was a huge success .
usually , most people start taking their own direction .
they talk about it , they think about what it 's gonna look like , they crave power ,
then you invest a little time in planning and organization , sketch them and lay out some spaghetti .
they 're investing most of their time in growing structures
and finally , right before you 're out of time , someone takes the marshmallow , and you gently put it on top , take a step back , and " ta-da ! " admire your work .
but then , almost always , the " ta-da " becomes a " uh-oh " because the weight of the marshmallows makes the whole thing bend and collapse .
there are a number of people who have a lot more " uh-oh " issues than others , and among the worst , fresh air fresheners .
they lie , they cheat , they 're confused and they produce really poor things .
and , of course , there are teams that have a lot more " ta-da . " among the best , fresh graduates of the semester .
and that 's pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they not only produce the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is how come ?
and peter says , " none of the kids invest time in being chef of spaghetti limited . "
they don 't spend time in infighting .
but there 's another reason .
i mean , they 've been trained to find the right plan , okay ?
and then realize it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on top , you 're out of time and what happens ?
it 's a crisis .
sounds familiar , doesn 't it ?
what 's different is that they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow at the top , so they have multiple chances to repair prototype .
designers recognize this type of cooperation as the core of a process .
and with every shot , the kids get feedback right away and what doesn 't .
but let 's see how different teams operate .
the average for most is about 5 ' 10 " , half of it , lawyers make a little more , but not a lot better than adults .
who 's the most successful ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
this is the highest i 've seen .
because they understand triangles and geometric patterns are the key to building stable structures .
c.e.o.s are above average , but this is where it gets interesting .
put an executive administrator on the team , they get significantly better .
it 's unbelievable .
you can predict that .
because you have special skills of the brain trust .
you run the trial , you understand .
and that team that regulates and pays attention to work will significantly improve the performance of the team .
specialized skills and computer skills and their combination leads to success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , you 'll get about six stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we were going to bring the cake .
so i offered a $ 10,000 price of software for the winners .
what do you think happened to those nausicaans ?
what was the result ?
not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built an elaborate construction , they would have carried the prize home .
so isn 't it interesting that high stakes have a strong effect ?
we repeated this exercise with the same students .
what do you think happened ?
now you 've understood the advantage of the " fasten seat belt " .
that 's how the same bad team became one of the best .
they produced the highest construction in the time .
there are so many lessons for us about the nature of propulsion and success .
you may ask , why would anyone actually invest time creating an investment opportunity ?
the reason is , i help create digital tools and trials to help design teams , make cars , video games , and " visual effects . "
and what the fda does is help them identify hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own marshmallow .
the challenge provides a common experience , a common language or a means of building the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this simple exercise .
and those of you who care can visit us in person .
it 's a blog where you see the marshmallows built .
there 's a subspace distortion there .
they find crazy examples from all over the world , how people tweak and upgrade the system .
there are also safety issues .
and the most humiliating lesson , i believe , is that construction is actually a sport .
it requires that we all focus our senses on the task and that we use our thinking optimal , like our feelings and our actions in the challenge ahead .
and sometimes a little prototype of this experience is all it takes to get us from an " uh-oh " to a " ta-da " cupcake business .
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let 's pretend we have a machine here ,
a big machine , a cool machine , and it 's a time machine .
and everyone in this room has to go in .
and you can go back in time , you can go into the future ; you can 't stay in here and now ,
and i wonder what you 'd choose because i 've been asking my friends a lot of questions lately , and they all wanted to go back in time .
they wanted to go back to before there were cars or twitter or america wanted the superstar .
i don 't know .
i 'm convinced that somehow nostalgia is attracted to wishful thinking .
and i understand that .
i 'm not part of this group , i must say .
i don 't want to go back in time , and not because i 'm an adventurer ...
it 's because opportunities on this planet don 't go back , they go forward .
so i want to get into that machine , and i want to go into the future .
this is the greatest time there 's ever been on this planet , no matter what scale they set , health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , water shortages .
there 's never been a time like this before .
they all died when they were 60 .
my grandparents pushed that number to 70 .
my parents are up to 80 .
so there better be a nine at the top of my to-do list .
but it 's not even about people like us , because this is bigger than that .
a child born today in schabbach can expect to live as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it .
and why is that ?
smallpox has killed billions of people on this planet .
they rebuilt the earth 's defenses in a way no war has ever done .
they 're gone .
we beat them .
in the rich world , diseases that threatened millions of us just a generation ago barely exist .
malaria , polio , rubella .
does anyone else know what this is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , these are scientific methods .
and from my point of view , the scientific way to try things , see if it works , change it if it doesn 't , one of the greatest achievements in mankind .
so that 's the good news .
unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they 've been mentioned a lot ,
and one of them is that despite all our accomplishments , a billion people in this world go to bed hungry every day .
this number rises , and it rises very fast , and that 's embarrassing .
and not only that , we used our imagination to ravage this world .
fresh water , arid land , rainforests , oil , gas , they 're leaving soon , and if we don 't get out of this mess , so do we .
so the question is , can we do that ?
i think it 's clear we can produce food that will feed billions of people without raping the country they live on .
i think we can power this world that doesn 't destroy it at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that 's not wishful thinking .
but this keeps me awake at night .
and we 've never been able to properly execute him as we can today .
people wrap themselves in their beliefs so closely they can 't be freed .
even the truth won 't set her free .
and listen , everyone has a right to their opinion , even a right to their opinion of progress ,
but you know what you have no right to do ?
you have no right to your own facts .
and it took me a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about inoculations for the new yorker , a little article .
and i was amazed to encounter resistance , resistance to what , in the end , is the most effective treatment in health care in the history of mankind .
i didn 't know what to do , so i just did what i always do , i wrote an article and left .
and soon thereafter , i wrote an article about genetically engineered food .
same thing , only bigger .
people were acting crazy .
so i wrote an article about it , too , and i couldn 't understand why people thought it was " parent company , " why they believed that molecules in a particular place instead of some kind of alien invasion of nature .
but , you know , i do what i do .
i mean , i 'm a journalist ,
we type , we cash in , we go to dinner , that 's okay .
but those articles worried me , and i couldn 't figure out why , and i finally found out .
and that 's because those fanatics that drove me crazy weren 't fanatics at all .
they were hardworking people , educated people , decent people .
you were just like the people in this room .
and it got me so confused ...
but then i thought , you know , let 's be honest .
we 're at a point where we don 't have the same relationship with progress as before .
we 're talking about it .
we 're talking ironic about it , with little quotes around it , " progress . "
okay , there are reasons , and i think we know the reasons .
we have faith in institutions , in authority , and sometimes lost to science , and there 's no reason why that shouldn 't be .
you can just name a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , oil reserves , the challenger , weapons of mass destruction , the annihilator 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people we thought were always right , so be skeptical .
ask questions , demand proof , demand proof .
take nothing but given .
but here 's the thing- - if you get proof , you have to take this evidence , and we 're not good at that .
and i can say this because we 're living in an epidemic of fear like i 've never seen and hopefully never see it again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story linked to the measles , mumps , and german measles .
very scary .
lots of studies have been done to see if that 's true .
lots of studies should be conducted ; this is serious business .
the data came in .
data came in from the us , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection at all .
it doesn 't matter because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we see , what we think we see , what makes us feel real .
we don 't believe in a bunch of documents from a cia agent giving us data , and i get it , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was catastrophic ,
disastrous because of the fact that the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the measles epidemic goes down .
it 's scandalous and we should be ashamed .
it 's terrible .
what happened that we could do that ?
well , i get it .
does anyone have measles ?
has anyone in the audience ever seen anyone die of measles ?
doesn 't happen very often .
doesn 't happen in this country , but 160,000 times in the world last year .
that 's a lot of death from measles , 20 an hour .
but because this didn 't happen here , we can block it out , and people like jenny mccarthy can walk around preaching fear and illiteracy on platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and they can do that because they don 't connect cause and correlation .
you don 't understand that these things seem the same , but they 're almost never the same .
and that 's something we need to learn very quickly .
this guy was a hero , jonas salk .
he freed us from one of the worst hostages in the world .
don 't worry , no pain , polio , poof , gone .
the guy in the middle , not so much .
his name is paul verrall .
he 's just developed a baseline with some other people .
he can save the lives of underprivileged , 500,000 kids a year in the tri-state area .
pretty good , huh ?
well , that 's good , except for paul walking around talking about vaccines and saying how valuable they are , and people should just stop whining .
and he actually says that .
so paul 's a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public hearing , he can 't testify without armed guards .
he gets calls home because people like to tell him they know where his kids go to school .
because paul made a vaccine .
i don 't have to say this , but vaccines are essential .
if you take them away , the sickness returns , terrible diseases , and that 's what 's happening .
we have measles in this country now .
and that 's gonna get worse , and pretty soon , kids are gonna die from it , because that 's just a matter of numbers .
and you 're not just gonna die of measles .
what about polio ?
a text message from me texted me a few weeks ago and said she thinks i 'm a little shrill .
no one 's ever said that before .
she wouldn 't give her kid polio shots .
fine .
because we don 't have polio .
we didn 't have polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don 't know , maybe someone got on a plane in lagos this morning and is flying to los angeles right now , across ohio .
and in a few hours , he 's gonna land and rent a car , and he 's gonna come to long beach , and he 's gonna go to one of those fancy strip clubs tonight .
and he doesn 't know he 's infected with a paralyzing disease , and we don 't know that , because that 's how the world works .
this is the planet we live on .
we love dressing up in lies .
did you take all your vitamins this morning ?
a little something to refresh your memory .
i know you did this because half the americans do it every day .
you take the stuff , and you take alternative remedies , and it doesn 't matter how often we find out they 're useless .
the data keeps proving it .
you 're clouding your urine .
that 's okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine .
i completely agree .
dark urine .
why are we doing this ?
well , i think i understand - we hate pharmaceutical companies .
we hate a government too strong .
and neither should we .
it 's cruel to millions of people .
it 's amazingly cold and inviting even to us who can afford it .
so we walk away from it , and where do we run ?
we run into the arms of the teamsters .
that 's great .
but , you know , this is really serious , because this stuff sucks , and we spend billions of dollars on it .
and i have all sorts of little props here .
i don 't even know what that is , but we spend billions of dollars on it , it 's fraud .
and you know what ?
that 's how you feel . "
and you know what ?
because i don 't care if it 's the minister of health who says , " hmm , i 'm not gonna take the receipts from my experts on animal behavior " or some kind of cancer patient who wants to treat his patient with heroin addiction .
if you go down that road where faith and magic replace science and science , you can get to a place you don 't want to be .
you 'll be able to get to the south african mining facility .
he killed 400,000 of his people because he insisted that beets , garlic , and garlic are far more effective than prescription drugs that we know can stop the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of deaths in a country worse than any other being afflicted by this disease .
please don 't tell me these things have no consequences .
you always do .
well , the epidemic we 're in right now is this absurd battle between the converted food and the food supply .
this is an idiotic debate .
it 's a debate about words , about metaphors .
it 's ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every grain of rice , every branch of parsley , every brussels sprouts , has been changed by humans .
you know , there were no tangerines in paradise .
there was no exit strategy .
there were no christmas trees .
we 've done it 11,000 years .
and some of it worked and some of it didn 't .
we got rid of what didn 't work .
but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and it can help millions of people prolong their lives .
you don 't want to do that ?
i have to say , i don 't understand .
we reject genetically engineered food .
why are we doing this ?
well , what i keep hearing is , too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , herbicides , we don 't want huge fields with one thing , that 's wrong .
we don 't want companies to patent life .
we don 't want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yeah , you 're right .
it 's true , we have a huge energy problem , but it 's not science .
this has nothing to do with science .
it 's right , morality , morality .
you know science isn 't a company .
she 's not a country .
she 's not even an idea ; she 's a trial .
it 's a process , and sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn 't , but the idea that we shouldn 't allow science to do their work , because we 're afraid it 's a real dead end , and it keeps millions of people from blooming .
you know , for the next 50 years , we 're gonna have to grow 70 % more food than we are right now . 70 % .
this investment in africa over the last 30 years .
shameful .
you need this , and we 're not giving it to you .
genetically engineered food .
we don 't want to encourage people to eat this rotten stuff , like desert rats .
it 's something that eats half a billion people .
it 's like a potato .
it 's just a bunch of calories .
it has no nutrients , it has no protein , and scientists are building all this in it right now .
and then people could eat that and not go blind .
you wouldn 't starve to death , and you know what ?
that would be nice .
and all i can say is , why are we fighting this ?
i mean , let 's ask ourselves , why are we fighting this ?
because we don 't want gene krupa ?
it 's not about gene krupa .
it 's not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our insistence on larger food , better food , unique food .
this isn 't about rice krispies . it 's about keeping people alive , and it 's about time you understood what that means .
'cause you know what ?
if we don 't , if we keep doing what we 're doing , we 're gonna owe ourselves to something we don 't want to be guilty of , high-tech spy technology .
there 's no other description of what 's happening here .
it 's selfish , it 's ugly , it 's not worthy of us , and we really need to stop this .
so after this incredibly fun conversation , you might want to say , " do you still want to go into that ridiculous time machine and go into the future ? "
absolutely .
right now , she 's in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can set this time machine to anything we want .
we can lure them where we want them , and we 'll move them wherever we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go into the time machine and go into the future , we 'll be happy to have done it .
i know we can , and as far as i 'm concerned , that 's something the world needs right now .
thank you .
thank you .
deception becomes real because someone sees it that way .
so that we can understand each other , i 'd like to show you an elementary , very simple magic trick .
and i 'm gonna show you how it works .
i learned it myself from cub scout magic from the boy scouts .
i 'll take him out for you and explain him .
and then i 'll explain why i 'm explaining it .
so , look what 's happening .
the knife you can examine , my hand you can examine .
i 'm just gonna hold the knife in my fist .
i 'm pushing my sleeve back .
and to make sure nothing gets out of my sleeve or out of him , i 'm just gonna slide my wrist right here .
this way you can see that nothing moves at any time .
and the goal is simple .
i 'm gonna open my hand , and hopefully , if all goes well , the knife will be held by my mere physical magnetism .
it 's actually so stuck in his place , i can shake it without the knife falling .
nothing goes up my sleeve or comes out , no flash cards , and you can examine everything .
ta-da !
well , that 's a trick i often teach little kids who care about magic , because you can learn a lot about deception looking at it when it 's a very simple trick .
i suppose many of you here know this trick .
here 's how it works .
i 'm holding the knife in my hand .
i 'm saying that i 'm lifting my wrist to make sure nothing gets out of my sleeve or out , and that 's a lie .
the reason i 'm holding my wrist is because it contains the real secret of illusion .
because the moment i cut my hand off you to see it from behind , this finger here , my index finger , just from where it was , moves into a position where it 's stretched out .
great trick ?
there 's someone back there who didn 't have a childhood .
well , he 's here .
and when i turn around , the finger changes its position .
but that 's not really the point , and then i open my hand .
of course , it 's being held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but by a trick by my index finger which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing happens by cutting myself loose , it 's hidden from this movement that the finger is receding .
and here 's the knife .
thank you .
well , what does that have to do with the money problem ?
a year or so ago , i read a study that really knocked me down .
i 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and that was an amazing thing to me .
because it turns out , if you offer a placebo in the form of a white pill , it 's just a round , white pill that has a certain atypical effect .
but if you change the shape in which you administer the placebo , like a smaller pill , and dye those blue and imprint a letter on it , it 's actually more effective .
and that , although none of them are just pharmaceutical companies .
but a white pill isn 't as good as a blue pill .
that really freaked me out .
turns out that 's not all .
if you take capsules , they 're even more effective than pills of any kind .
a black capsule at one end yellow and the other red is better than a white capsule .
even the dosage matters .
i 'm sorry .
the bottom line is ...
... that even the dosages play a role .
and the shape matters .
and if you want the ultimate knockout punch , you have to reach for the needle .
a syringe with an iv - a few milliliters of a psychotropic substance injected into a patient .
it creates a very strong image in the head .
this chart is really- - i 'll show it to you some other time when we have a projector .
the fact is , the white pill doesn 't look as good as the blue pill that doesn 't look as good as a capsule that doesn 't look as good as the needle .
and none of this has any really pharmaceutical quality .
i wanted to know if i could use that idea for a magic trick .
i 'll take something that 's obviously a deception and make it look real .
we know from that study that you have to stick to the needle if you want to get to the point .
this is an 18 cm hatpin .
this is really my meat .
this is my skin .
i 'm going to stick this needle in my skin and push through it until it exits on the other side .
if you get nauseous , if you faint easily , i showed some friends in the hotel room last night , and some people i didn 't know , and a woman almost fainted .
so i suggest if you get sick fast , you look away for the next 30 seconds or , you know what , i 'll do the first awkward part back here .
you can see it now , but you can look away if you want .
so , here 's the thing , right here where my flesh starts , at the bottom of my arm , i 'm just gonna make a little puncture .
i 'm really sorry .
and now just a little bit through my skin and out on the other side .
now we 're actually in the same situation that we had at the science fair .
about .
but now you can 't count my fingers , can you ?
this is one , two , three , four , five .
well ,
i know what people think when they see this .
they say , " okay , he 's probably not stupid enough to skin himself just to entertain us for a few minutes . "
well , then i 'll show you .
how does this look ?
yeah , i know .
and people in the back say , " okay .
people in the projects are coming in now .
let me show you around .
this is really my skin .
this is my meat , and i can turn this around .
look away , don 't look .
okay , let me squeeze some blood for you .
yeah , here it is .
normally , i 'd take out the needle now .
i 'd clean my arm and show you there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here and with the intention of making a fake something real , i 'm just gonna leave the needle in there and walk away from the stage .
we 'll meet again in the next few days .
i hope you 're looking forward to it .
everybody talks about happiness these days .
i 've had some people count the number of books that have been published in the title for the last five years , and they gave up after about 40 and there was a lot more .
there 's a tremendous wave of happiness among scientists .
there 's a lot of weirdness .
everyone wants to make people happier .
but despite all this tide of work , there are several cognitive drops that make it almost impossible to think clearly of happiness .
and my lecture today will be primarily about these cognitive traps .
that goes for the layman thinking about their own happiness , and it goes for scientists thinking about happiness because it turns out we 're just as confused as everyone else .
the first of these traps is an reluctance to admit complexity .
turns out the word luck just isn 't a useful word anymore , because we use it on too many different things .
i think there 's a certain meaning to narrow it down , but in the grand scheme of things , that 's something we 're gonna have to give up , and we 're gonna have to take the complicated view of what 's comfortable .
the second trap is a mistake of life and memory , basically , between being happy in his life and being happy about his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they 're both unwritten in the idea of happiness .
and the third is the primary , and that 's the unfortunate fact that we can 't think about a circumstance that affects well-being without distorting its significance .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there 's just no way to get it right .
and then he added , real emotional , ruined the whole experience .
but it wasn 't .
what ruined it was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of lovely music .
they didn 't count because he left with a memory , the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he got to keep .
what this really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two kinds of ourselves .
there 's a self that lives in the present and knows the present , capable of reliving the past , but basically has only the present .
you know when the doctor asks , " does it hurt when i touch you here ? "
or , " how was your trip to albania ? " or something like that .
these are two very different units , the reproductive system itself , and confusing the two of them is part of the shambles of happiness .
well , the delivery system itself is a storyteller .
and that really begins with a basic reaction to our memories .
we don 't just tell stories when we 're about to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we get to keep from our experiences is a story .
and let me start with an example .
there 's an old study .
these are real patients who undergo a painful procedure .
it 's no longer painful these days , but it was painful when this study was done in the fda .
you 've been asked to report your pain every 60 seconds .
and here are two patients .
and they 're asked , " which one of them suffered more ? "
and that 's a very simple question .
patient b clearly suffered more .
but now there 's another question : " how much did these patients think they suffered ? "
and here 's a surprise :
and the surprise is that patient a had a much worse spinal injury to the colonoscopy as patient b .
the stories of birds were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how it ends ,
and none of these stories are very uplifting or great , but one of them is clear ...
but one of them is way worse than the other .
it 's a terrible story .
how do we know ?
because we asked these people about their colonoscopy , and much later , " how bad was the whole thing ? "
and she was much worse for " a " than for " b " in the dating world .
well , that 's a direct conflict between the space-time continuum itself and the space-time continuum itself .
b clearly had a worse time .
this will cause the patient to suffer , but just a little bit and a lot less than before .
what does a story entail ?
and that goes for the stories that memory gives us , and it goes for the stories we make up .
what makes history great are moments of great moments and endings .
endings are very , very important , and in this case , dominated the ending .
well , the life cycle itself is constantly living .
it has moments of memory , one by one .
and you ask , what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple .
most of them are completely ignored by the primal self .
and yet somehow you get the impression that you should count that what happened during those moments of stress is our life .
it 's the limited resource we 're using while we 're in this world .
and how we use it would seem important , but that 's not the story that keeps the cupcake business to ourselves .
so we 've got the hang glider ourselves and the hang glider itself , and they 're really quite different .
the biggest difference between them is dealing with time .
from the point of view , even if you have a vacation and the second week is as good as the first , then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the two-week vacation .
that 's not how it works for the tech team itself .
for the sake of privacy , a two-week vacation is hardly better than the two-week vacation because there are no new memories added .
you haven 't changed the story .
and in that way , time is actually the critical variable , which separates a single molecule itself from a quantum processor .
well , that 's-that 's more than remembering and telling stories .
the primal self has no voice in this choice .
actually , we don 't choose between experiences .
and even when we think about the future , we don 't usually think about our future as experiences .
we 're thinking about our future as memories .
and basically , you can look at that , you know , as the tyranny of the papacy itself , and you can think of the concept itself as one , so to speak , through experiences that the primal self doesn 't need .
i 'm under the impression that if we 're on vacation , it 's very often the case , which means we 're on vacation , basically , in the service of the minister himself .
and that 's a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much do we feed on our memories ?
that 's one of the explanations given for the dominance of the vigilante himself .
and i probably have memories of this two-week journey , i 'd say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
well , if i had ever opened the folder with the 600 pictures in it , i would have spent another hour .
well , that 's three weeks , and that 's an hour and a half tops .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next vacation , you know that at the end of the vacation , all your pictures will be destroyed , and you 'll get a prescription drug so you won 't remember anything .
well , would you choose the same vacation ?
why we choose the vacations we choose is a problem facing us with a choice between the two kinds of ourselves .
well , the two kinds of self cast two notions of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness we can use , one per person .
so you can ask , " how happy is the papacy itself ? "
and then you would ask , how happy are the moments in the life of the savior himself ?
and all happiness for moments is a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we are now able to get a pretty good idea of the happiness of the host himself over time .
if you 're asking for the happiness of the beast yourself , it 's a whole other thing .
this isn 't about how happy a person lives .
it 's about how pleased or pleased the person is when that person thinks about their lives .
very different term .
anyone who doesn 't distinguish these terms will screw up the exploration of happiness , and i 'm a lot of scientists about well-being that has screwed up the exploration of happiness in this very way .
the distinction between the happiness of the papacy itself and the satisfaction of its own has been noted in recent years , and now you 're trying to measure them separately .
gallup poll has a worldwide poll asking more than a half million people questions about what they think about their lives and their experiences , and there have been other endeavors in that direction .
so over the past few years , we 've started learning about the happiness of the two kinds of ourselves .
and the main lesson we 've learned , i think , is that they 're really different .
you can know how happy someone is with their lives , and that really doesn 't teach you much about how happy they live their lives and vice versa .
just to give you an idea of the correlation , the correlation is about something wrong .
what that means is , if you were to meet someone , and they would tell you , oh , his father 's a model citizen , how much would you know about his size ?
well , you 'd know about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
you have so much insecurity .
when i tell you that someone classified their lives as eight on a scale of ten , you have a lot of insecurity about how happy they are with their own self-interest .
so the correlation 's low .
we know something about the satisfaction of the vaccine .
we know money is very important , targets are very important .
we know that happiness mainly means being happy with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there are other pleasures , but that 's dominant .
so if you want to maximize the happiness of the two species of yourself , you 'll end up doing very different things .
the conclusion from what i 'm saying here is that we really shouldn 't imagine happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it 's a completely different term .
well , for a second , another reason we can 't think clearly about happiness is that we don 't care about the same things when we think about life and when we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question of how happy the people of california are , you won 't get the correct answer .
when you ask that question , you think people in california need to be happier when you , say , live in ohio .
and what happened is that when you think about california life , think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , say , in the climate .
well , it turns out climate isn 't very important to the environmental system itself , and it 's not even very important to the environmental system itself that decides how happy people are .
well , because the labor system is responsible , you can end up moving some people to california in the end .
and it 's kind of interesting to track what happens to people who move to california hoping to be happier .
well , your primal self won 't get any happier .
we know that .
but one thing is gonna happen , you 're gonna think you 're happier , because when you think about it , you 're gonna be reminded of how terrible the weather was in ohio , and you 're gonna feel you made the right decision .
it 's very difficult to think clearly about well-being , and i hope i 've given you an impression of how difficult it is .
thank you .
i have a question for you .
thank you .
well , when we spoke on the phone a few weeks ago , you mentioned to me that there was a pretty interesting result coming from this gallup poll .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in gallup poll is a number we absolutely didn 't expect to find .
we found this in terms of the happiness of the host himself .
if we watch how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under an income of $ 60,000 a year , for americans , and that 's a very large percentage of americans , about 600,000 , but it 's a huge tax write-off under a $ 600,000 income .
60,000 .
$ 60,000 .
$ 60,000 a year makes people unhappy , and they become increasingly unhappy the poorer they get .
we 'll get a flat line on that .
i mean , i 've rarely seen such flat lines .
what happens is obvious that money doesn 't buy you a penny jar , but that lack of money certainly gives you misery , and we can measure that misery very , very clearly .
in the sense of the other self , the subject itself , you get another story .
the more money you make , the happier you are .
that doesn 't apply to emotions .
but , danny , the entire american endeavor is life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people were to take this report seriously , i mean , it seems to turn everything upside down , everything we believe , for example , in terms of stress disorders and so on .
is there any chance that politicians would generally take a verdict like that seriously and based on politics ?
you know , i think there 's a lot of credit for the role of president in politics .
recognition will be slow in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it 's happening right now , and in other countries , it 's happening .
people are about to acknowledge that they should think of happiness when they think of politics .
it 's gonna take a while , and people are gonna be discussing whether they want to explore alien worlds or whether they want to explore alien technology , so we 're gonna have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how to increase happiness is very different depending on how they think , and whether they think about the concept itself or whether they think about the concept itself .
it will affect politics , i think , in the coming years .
in the united states , you try to measure the population 's economic growth .
that 'll be part of the national stats for the next decade or two .
well , it seems to me this topic is , or should at least be the most interesting political debate to pursue over the next few years .
thank you for the invention of the zombie squad .
thanks , danny boy .
i design computer games .
and my goal for the next decade is to make it just as easy to save the world as it is in reality .
i want to convince more people , including all of you , to spend more time playing bigger and smarter games .
right now , we 're spending three billion hours a week with drug dealers .
some of them may think , " this is a lot of time for games . "
maybe a little too much time , considering how many problems we have to solve in the real world .
in fact , according to my research at the institute for the future , the exact opposite is accurate .
three billion hours a week is nowhere near enough to solve the most pressing problems in the world .
in fact , i 'm convinced that if we 're going to survive the next century on this planet , we need to drastically increase this time .
i 've calculated that the time required is 21 billion hours a week .
no , i 'm serious .
seriously .
this is a portrait of photographer phil bushey .
he wanted to capture emotions playing , so he built a camera in front of the players .
this is one of the classic expressions of playing .
if you 're not a gambler , you might miss some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a little fear , but extreme concentration , absorbed into solving a very difficult problem .
if you play , you 'll see some nuances around here that go up eyes and mouth are a sign of optimism .
this is a player on the verge of a so-called epic victory .
oh , you know that .
a winning victory is a result so positive that you didn 't even know it was possible before .
it was almost beyond imagination .
and when they do , they 're shocked that they 're actually capable of something like this .
this player is about to win epic .
and this is what we must see on millions of faces of movie stars all over the world when we face the obstacles of the next century , the face of those against all odds on the brink of epic victory .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we encounter difficult problems .
yeah .
that 's me doing " i 'm bad in life . "
this is a graffiti on my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my dissertation on why we 're better at games than in real life .
that 's a problem a lot of players have .
we don 't think we 're as good in reality as we are in games .
and i don 't mean less successful , though that 's part of it .
i mean , with the motivation to do something meaningful , inspired to work together .
and in reality , when we fail , when we encounter obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel defeated , we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or cynical .
we never have those feelings when we play games , they just don 't exist in games .
and that 's what i wanted to study as a research assistant .
why is it impossible in games to think you can 't accomplish everything ?
how can we transfer these feelings from the games into reality ?
so i watched games like world of warcraft offering the ideal environment for communal living .
and i 've found some things that make epic victories in u.s. history so possible .
so , first of all , when you get into one of these business deals , especially at world of warcraft , there are a lot of different characters willing to trust you with an op , right now .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfectly with your current level , right ?
so you can do it .
you 'll never get a job you can 't solve .
but there 's no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there 's always something important to do .
and there are tons of employees .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people working with you to complete your epic mission .
we don 't have that easy in real life , this feeling that there are tons of employees available .
besides , there 's this epic story , this inspirational story about why we 're here and what we have to do .
then we get all this positive feedback .
you 've probably heard of level up and a-plus strength or a-plus intelligence .
that constant feedback doesn 't exist in real life .
when i leave this stage , i don 't have a say and plus a crazy idea , plus 20 crazy ideas .
i can 't get that feedback in real life .
so , the problem of world of warcraft is that it 's so satisfying to be on the brink of epic victory at any time , that we 'd rather spend all our time in these freak shows .
they 're just better than reality .
up until today , all the world of warcraft spent tens of millions of years together solving virtual problems of cyber crime .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
it might sound bad .
but to put it in context , 1 , 000 million years ago , our first responders began to walk upright .
the first upstanding primate then .
okay , so when we talk about how much time we spend playing these days , it only makes sense when you 're looking at the size of human development , which is extraordinary .
but also appropriate , because it turns out that using this whole time to play is actually changing what we 're capable of as people .
we evolve into unified thinking , happy creatures .
that 's the truth .
look at these interesting statistics that have recently been published by a carnegie mellon university researcher , the average young person from today in a country with strong behavioral problems spends 10,000 hours on the 21st .
well , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number for two reasons :
first of all , for kids in the united states , 72 hours is the exact amount of time they spend in school from fifth grade to graduating high school if you never miss .
so here we have a complete record of young people learning exactly what it means to be a good player , like everything else they learn at school .
and maybe some of you read malcolm gladwell 's new book , " hotshot . "
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success of 10,000 hours .
it 's based on the great research of quantum theory that if we spend 10,000 hours studying the arduous study of any subject until the age of 21 , we will be able to master it .
we get as good at doing whatever we do as the world 's greatest people .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are competitive .
so the big question is , " what exactly are players masterful ? "
because if we could figure that out , we 'd basically never have viable human potential before .
that 's how many people we have in the world right now , who spend at least an hour a day with cancer patients .
500 million people who are exceptionally good at something .
and in the next decade , we have another billion players exceptionally good at whatever .
in case you haven 't heard ,
the controls are developing consoles , saving energy and working on computer systems instead of playing players all over the world , especially in india , china , brazil .
they 're expecting an additional billion players in the next decade .
that gives us 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is to master these games .
here are the four things i found .
okay , imagine this as extreme weather conditions .
eventualism is the desire to do something right now , overcome a hurdle , along with the belief that we have a reasonable hope for success .
players always believe that winning is possible , and that it 's always worth trying , right now .
players don 't sit around .
players are masters in spiders . poets of social networking .
there 's a lot of interesting tests that show we like people more after we play with them , even if they beat us bad .
the reason it takes a lot of trust to play a game with someone .
we trust that someone will spend time with us , that the rules will be followed , that we have the same goal , and stay with it until the end .
so the association allows the growth of attachments , trust and each other .
as a result , we 're building stronger social relationships .
phenomenal productivity .
you know , there 's a reason why the average of 10 hours a week plays as a part-time job .
the reason is that when we play , we 're actually happier working hard than when we relax or do nothing .
we know that as human beings , we work perfectly when we do hard , meaningful work .
and players are always willing to work hard when they get the right job .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part in awe of investigative missions .
i 'm sure you 've all read wikipedia , the world 's greatest online book .
the second largest trading company in the world with almost 80,000 entries is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
they 've gathered more information about world of warcraft on the internet than any other subject in any other world 's history books .
you 're creating an epic story .
they 're creating an epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
okay , so that 's four super powers that lead to one single result .
it 's people who think they can change the world as individuals .
and the only problem is they think they can change virtual worlds , but not the real one .
that 's the problem i 'm trying to solve .
edward mordrake is a cardiologist .
he 's investigating why people spend so much time , energy , and money in financial institutions .
and he says , " we will bear witness to no less than a mass exodus of virtual worlds and computer networks . "
and an economist 's expense .
and he says ...
not like me ... i 'm developing games , i 'm a little gushy .
well , he says it actually makes sense , because players can do more in animal skins than in real life .
they can bond more in games than in real life .
so , he says it 's perfectly logical right now that players spend more time in the virtual world than in the real world .
i agree , that 's logical .
but it 's definitely not a suicide note .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event that happened 2,500 years ago .
there are these antique dice made out of rubber gloves .
before these awesome summer nights , there were college kids .
and these were , in a sense , the first of human beings to develop alien technology .
and if you 're familiar with the works of the ancient greek word association , you might know this story about how and why games were invented .
according to military records , games , specifically military bases , were invented during a famine .
supposedly , there was such a great famine that the king of tiryns chose a crazy idea .
people were suffering .
it was an extreme situation .
so they invented a game of craps , a national strategy , one day you 'd eat , the next day you 'd play .
and they 'd be so absorbed in the craps game , since games are so fascinating and surround us with satisfying , productive productivity , they 'd forget there was nothing to eat .
and then the next day you 'd play and the next day you 'd eat .
and according to police records , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating one day and playing the next .
that 's how i think we 're playing games today .
we use games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we use games to avoid anything that doesn 't work in the real world , anything that isn 't satisfying in real life , and we get what we need from the games .
but this doesn 't have to be the end .
that 's the thrill .
the famine didn 't improve after 18 years , so the king decided to start a final dice game .
they divided the kingdom in half .
they played a craps game , and the victors were allowed to embark on an epic adventure .
they went out looking for a new home , leaving just as many people as there was food to survive and looking for a neighborhood to thrive in .
that sounds crazy , doesn 't it ?
but recent dna evidence shows that the dna sequences that later formed the roman empire show the same dna as the old test results .
that 's why scientists have recently come to believe that walternate 's crazy story is actually true .
and geologists found evidence of global cooling temperatures that lasted nearly 20 years , which could explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
maybe you actually saved your people by playing games by escaping into games for 18 years and then had this inspiration and learned so much about playing together that it saved the entire civilization .
well , we can .
we 've been playing warcraft since 1994 .
that was the first time in real time of the world of warcraft that was 16 years ago .
we 've been playing warcraft for 18 years , we 've been playing warcraft for 16 years .
i say we 're ready for our own epic game .
so , you sent half your civilization out looking for a new world , so i take my 21 billion dollars a week .
we should agree that half of us spend an hour a day playing games until we solve the problems of the real world .
i know you 're gonna ask , " how do we solve problems in the real world ? " and that 's exactly what i 've been doing at the institute for the future .
we have this banner in our office in palo alto , which suggests how we should understand the future .
we don 't want to try to tell the future first .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to imagine the best possible outcome and then encourage people to put that idea into reality .
we envision epic victories and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i 'm going to show you three games i designed to try to create epic victories in your own future .
this is " world without oil . "
the game 's 2007 .
it 's a process of elimination that requires you to overcome a phase shift .
we tested this game with 1,700 players in 2007 and we 've been with them ever since .
and i can tell you , it was an out-of-body experience .
no one wants to change their lives because it 's good for the environment or because we should .
but when they 're on an epic adventure and they say , " we 're running out of oil . "
this is a fascinating adventure you 're going to .
find out how you 'd survive , most of our players have kept their habits at play .
so we set up a bigger , higher goal for the next game than just a game .
we 've developed the game of the institute for the future .
point of origin is the calculation of a system that humans have only 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer 's called global positioning systems , of course .
the call for players to sign up , we 've almost created a " fasten seat belt " theme .
you know jerry dantana , where there 's the skinner case .
eight thousand players played the game for eight weeks .
you found 500 incredibly creative solutions that you can read when you google " boob jobs . "
and the last game will be brought out on march 3 .
when you complete the game , the world bank will award you the award of social networking , 2010 .
we work with universities all over the country and invite them to study social remodel .
we 've got a comic book on that , and we 've got " level up " for environmental concerns , sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
i 'd like to invite you all to share this game with young people , all over the world , especially in private societies who benefit from imagining their own social enterprise together to save the world .
i 'm coming to the end .
let me ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven 't saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
we have all these super powers , exponential productivity , the ability to knit narrow social networks , social networking and the desire for meaningful .
i really hope that we play important games together to survive another century on this planet .
and i hope you will design and play with me .
when i walk into the next decade , i 'm sure of two things , that we can create every conceivable future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say let the games begin !
thank you .
i 'd like to tell you something i noticed while writing an article for italian cinema a few months ago .
i used to write my text handy , but i was done processing it , and i noticed i 've never looked up the word " retarded . "
i 'll read you the entry .
" healthy , strong , efficient . "
of course , it was an old family portrait .
but in fact , it was an early ' 80s issue when i just started elementary school and started forming my self-image outside my family tree , including other kids and the rest of the world around me .
and thank god i didn 't use a locator spell back then .
if i took this entry seriously , i would have been born into a world that someone like me would perceive as a person whose life cannot be positive in any way , but today i am celebrating the odds and adventures i have experienced .
so i called the 2009 science fair and i expected to find a significant contribution here .
here 's the updated version of this game plan .
unfortunately , she 's not much better .
in particular , the last two words under " near misses " quite and " healthy . "
but it 's not just about the words .
it 's about what we think about the people we describe with those words .
it 's about the values that are in those words and how we construct those values .
our language influences our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the romans , really believed that the language of a curse has a great power because what you say out loud can manifest itself .
so , what do we want to manifest - a handicapped person or a powerful person ?
just calling a person careless as a child might be enough to limit them and give them ideas .
wouldn 't it be nicer to open doors for you ?
a person who opened doors for me was my pediatrician at the dupont institute in wilmington , delaware .
his name is dr. alver , a software analyst whose name , as you can imagine , most americans couldn 't pronounce correctly , so he was always called dr. p.
and dr. p. always wore very colorful flies and was just perfect for working with children .
i loved the time i spent in that hospital , except for my physical therapy .
and imagine , even when i was a child , i tried to negotiate with dr. p. and so tried to stop these exercises , without success .
and if you do , i 'll give you a hundred dollars . "
and i wonder today how much his vision of me as a strong and vibrant young girl shaped my self-image and i could imagine myself to be one of nature of powerful , powerful , and charismatic people .
it 's just an example of how adults can inspire a child 's imagination .
but as the already proven examples from the vue languages , our language leaves us no room to imagine anything we would all want to allow each and every one to see themselves as powerful people .
our language is behind the changes made in many cases by technological change .
so maybe this technological change is clearer than ever that there 's always been another truth , which is that every human being in society can give something very profound and very destructive , and that the human ability to adapt is our greatest plus .
but the truth is , we 're changing , of course , we 're defined by the challenge , whether it 's physical , emotional , or even both .
and i say that 's good .
adversity is not an obstacle we have to overcome to deal with our lives better .
adversity is just part of our lives .
and i tend to view adversity as my shadow .
sometimes i realize he 's very present , sometimes he 's barely visible , but he 's always with me .
and i don 't want to minimize the impact or the struggle of a human being .
there are odds and challenges in life , and they 're just physical reality , and every person is different about it , but the question isn 't whether we deal with adversity or not , but how do we deal with it ?
so not only are we responsible for keeping the people we love from harm but preparing them to get along with it .
and we 're not doing our kids any favors by making them feel they can 't adapt .
you have to separate two things clearly , the medical fact of being amputated and the social opinion of whether i 'm disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and lasting handicap i had to deal with is that the world constantly thinks it can describe me with these definitions .
maybe the current concept is that only cares about what 's broken in you , and how we fix it for each one a greater handicap than pathology itself .
if we don 't treat a human being without understanding and understanding all its powers and possibilities , we 'll also create an addition to the natural struggle they may have to lead , another disease .
we demote a human worth to our society .
so we need to look beyond human resources and focus on all areas of human resources .
but most importantly , there is a connection between the perception of our shortcomings and our great benefactor .
we shouldn 't belittle or deny these challenging times , we shouldn 't try to avoid them , nor should we sweep them under the rug , but it 's about facing adversity .
maybe it 's more of a challenge for me to be clear that we don 't necessarily have to overcome , but that we 're open to hugging her , grabbing her hair , using a guitar strap , and maybe even dancing with it .
and perhaps we can overcome adversity as something natural and useful and feel less burdened by its presence .
this year , we celebrate the 100th birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , pointed out something very true in human character .
i 'd put it this way , not the strongest of his kind survived , nor the smartest of his kind , but the one who can best adapt to change .
conflict breeds creativity .
not only from darwin 's work , we know that man 's ability to survive and fight , is meant to walk through conflict .
so , again , change and adaptation are the greatest human skills .
and maybe we don 't know what we 're made of until we 're really tested .
perhaps that 's the point of adversity , a perception of me , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves a gift .
we can give odds a new meaning beyond hard times .
maybe we can see adversity as a change .
adversity stands for a change we haven 't adapted to yet .
i think the greatest damage we 've done to ourselves is to believe we 're supposed to be normal .
honestly , who 's normal ?
there 's no normal .
the usual , the usual , but not the normal , and would you really want to meet this poor , gray person if they really existed ?
i don 't think so .
officials have found that we have always challenged people of our society to be useful and contribute .
there are indications that the neanderthal , 60,000 years ago , were carrying elderly people and people with severe physical injuries , and that may have happened because the life experience of these people 's survival was valuable to society :
you didn 't consider these people damaged and useless ; you were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , in the city i grew up in , i went to a farm in that red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was standing there a bushel of tomatoes .
it was summer and i was wearing shorts .
and i hear a guy behind me say , " well , if it isn 't aimee mullins . "
i had no idea who he was .
and i said , " excuse me , sir , do we know each other ?
and he said , " well , you hardly remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her out of her mother 's stomach . "
oh , that one .
and , of course , it clicked .
that was dr. kean , a man i knew only from my mother 's stories about that day , because , of course , i was two weeks late for my birthday .
my mother 's diagnosis was on vacation , and so my parents knew the man who gave birth to me at all .
and because i was born with no teeth marks , and my feet were pointed at you , and i only had a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the bearer , that stranger had to deliver the bad news .
and he called that part of his class the x factor , the potential of human will .
you just can 't stress enough how crucial this factor can be to a person 's quality of life .
you see , dr. kean has changed his mind .
he understood that the medical diagnosis , and how someone deals with it is two different things .
and i 've changed my mind over time , too , if you 'd asked me at the age of 15 if i 'd switched my prosthetics for meat and bone , i wouldn 't have hesitated a second .
i wanted to look normal back then .
if you ask me that today , i 'm not so sure .
and that 's because i experienced something with my legs , and not despite those experiences .
and maybe that change could happen because i 've met so many people who opened doors to me instead of meeting people who wanted to narrow me down or give me an idea .
look , it really only takes one person to show you how to manifest your powers , and you 're done .
if you allow someone to activate their own inner powers , the human mind is so lifelike , if you can do that , and open a door for someone at a crucial moment , you 're a very good teacher to these people .
they teach them to open their own doors .
it 's the real meaning of the phrase , " haunted house "
it means bringing out something that 's in you that has potential .
again , what potential do we want to access ?
in the sixties , a case study was done in great britain , and back then , cyber attacks were converted into carbon monoxide .
they call it " tracking device " in the united states .
the students will be divided by grades .
and the " a " students are tested verbally , get the better teachers , etc .
they gave the grade " pretty good " over a period of time , and they were told they were aces , they were very smart , and after those three months , they really wrote " a " .
and , of course , it breaks your heart to hear that the other way around was told that they were only sufficient .
and so it was after the three months .
but only those who were still at school , except for the students who dropped out of school .
the important thing about this study was that the teachers weren 't privy .
the teachers didn 't know anything was changed .
they were simply told that they were the students with the grade and that 's how they taught them and treated them .
the only real disability is a broken spirit , a spirit that has been broken , has no hope .
but if we can help the human spirit continue to hope that ourselves and other people around themselves are beautiful to be curious and imaginative then we 're really putting our powers on the bright side .
if a spirit has those qualities , we can create a new reality and new reality .
come dance with me .
how would you like to be better than you are right now ?
assuming i said that with a few changes in your genes , you could have a better memory , more precise , and faster .
or do you want to be better , stronger , stronger .
do you want to be more attractive and confident ?
how about living longer in good health ?
or maybe you 're one of those who always wanted more creativity .
which one would you like most ?
which one would you like if she could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands .
probably as many as there are creative people here .
that 's very good .
how many would choose a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority .
if you could only have one of these , it would be a whole different world .
is this all in your head ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a ongoing topic here on the planet 's surface , but today i 'd like to give you a doctor 's opinion on the subject .
the great geneticist in the 20th century , geneticist , who was also a geneticist in the russian orthodox church , wrote an essay entitled " nothing in biology makes any sense but the light of evolution . "
but if you accept biological evolution , remember , is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it legal or is it affecting us ?
this is another look at the tree of life .
the human part of the process , far at the end , of course , is what we 're most interested in .
we branches off a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
during that period , there may have been 20 or 25 different kinds of weather patterns .
some have come and gone .
we 've been here for 130,000 years .
it seems we 're quite remote from the other parts of life , but mostly , the basic mechanisms of our cells are pretty much the same .
are you aware that we can use it and commandeer the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human genome , which is used to treat diabetics ?
this isn 't like sodium pentothal ; this is the same protein that 's chemically transmitted from the pancreas .
and speaking of bacteria , are you aware that each of us in our bowels has more bacteria than cells in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , do you think if antonio banderas asks about her self-image , you 're thinking about the bacteria ?
our bowels are a wonderfully fertile environment for this bacteria .
it 's warm , it 's dark , it 's damp , it 's very comfortable .
and you will offer them all the nutrients they could only wish for without any effort on their part .
it 's really an easy way for bacteria , with occasional interruptions of welcome , forced to exit .
but otherwise , you 're a wonderful environment to this bacteria , just as important to your life .
they help with the digestive nutrients and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what will happen in the future ?
are we in some kind of balanced balance in the form of a feedback loop ?
or are we supposed to be something else - something that might even be better suited to the environment ?
in this vast unfinished symphony of the universe , life on earth is only short , the animal kingdom , like a single measure , and of human life , a small variety of animals .
that was us .
this also represents the standard of this speech , so i hope you enjoyed it .
well , when i was a freshman in college , i had my first solo career .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i realized something very basic : most of the existence of life in sentient organisms , sharing each cell , and all the genetic information in the cell is being kept in both cells .
but by the time the organisms showed up , things started to change .
sexual reproduction enters the picture .
and most importantly , with the introduction of sexual reproduction passing the genome , the rest of the body becomes expendable .
in fact , you could say that the inevitability of our body 's death occurs at the same moment as sexual reproduction .
i 've come to understand the feelings of george burns , who played his show in las vegas in the ' 90s .
and one night , there 's a knock on his door .
he 's opening the door .
in front of him is a beautifully reserved showgirl .
she looks at him and says , " i 'm here for child pornography . "
" that 's wonderful , " george says , " i 'll take the soup . "
i came to the realization as a doctor that i was pursuing a goal that was different from the goal of evolution - not necessarily contradictory , just different .
i was trying to preserve the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to restore health after a disease .
i wanted us to live a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about passing the human genome to the next generation , adapting and surviving by generation .
from an evolutionary point of view , you and i are designed like booster missiles to send the genetic cargo to the next level of orbit to fall into the ocean .
i think we 'd all understand the mood woody allen expressed when he said , " i don 't want to achieve immortality by my work .
i want to do it by not dying . "
evolution doesn 't necessarily mean choosing the longest life .
it 's not necessarily the greatest , the strongest , or the fastest , and not even the brightest .
evolution breeds the creatures best adapted to their environment .
it 's just the test of survival and success
at the bottom of the ocean , there are bacteria that are available and survive the hot steam , otherwise , if fish were there , the vacuum fish would have cooked fish , yet they managed to make a habitable environment for themselves .
the first is that we will not evolve .
we 've reached some kind of balance .
and the reason for that , for one , we were able to get a lot of genes that would have been otherwise eradicated and removed from the population .
and second , we as an environmental group have configured our environment to adapt to us exactly as we adapt to it .
and by the way , we hike and circulate and mix so much that you can no longer say that isolation is necessary for evolution to evolve .
a second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional way , of course , imposed by nature 's forces .
and the argument here is that the wheels of evolution are slowly grinding but they 're relentless .
and as far as isolation goes , if we colonize distant planets as a species , there will be insulation and change of environment that could produce evolution naturally .
but is there a third option , a tempting , fascinating and terrifying possibility ?
i call it- - the new development that isn 't just natural , but guided and decided by us as the beneficiary of the decisions we make .
well , how did this happen ?
how could we do this ?
let 's start with the reality that today , in some cultures , people make decisions about their offspring .
they 're , in some cultures , choosing to have more men than women .
it 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what the individual and the family decide .
so you think if it wasn 't only possible to choose the sex of your child but also to make genetic adjustments that would cure and prevent disease .
what if they could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or alzheimer 's or eliminate the loss of limb or stroke ?
wouldn 't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
if we continue , this kind of change will be increasingly possible .
the human genome project began in 1990 and it lasted 13 years .
it cost 2.7 billion dollars .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same thing for $ 20 million in terms of four months .
today , you can complete a sequence of the three billion dollar pieces of the human genome at a price of about $ 20,000 and into the room of about a week .
it won 't be long before the reality is that there 's gonna be a $ 1,000 human donor pool , and it 's gonna be increasingly available to everyone .
these changes are coming .
the same technology that can produce human insulin into bacteria that can make viruses that can not only protect themselves , but also serve as immunity to other viruses .
believe it or not , it 's an experimental study in progress with vaccine for influenza grown in the cells of an infectious disease .
can you imagine anything good coming from tobacco ?
this is all real today , and in the future , much more will be possible .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and eggs or the newly fertilized egg to give your children a better chance for a healthier life - eliminate diabetes , reduce risk of cancer ?
who doesn 't want healthier children ?
and then the cutting-edge technology , the same engine of science that can make the changes possible to prevent disease , could also allow us to adopt advanced memory .
why don 't the witty repartee of a ken jennings rall , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of neanderthals ?
why not have the fast ones that 'll make them run faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these will be irresistible .
and if we 're in a place where we can pass it on to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes we want , we 'll be converted from sustainable evolution to sustainable evolution .
we 'll have a process that usually requires maybe 100,000 years , and we can compress it to a thousand years , and maybe even the next 100 years .
these are decisions your grandchildren or their grandchildren need to deal with .
are we using these decisions to form a society better , more successful , more friendly ?
or are we going to choose different attributes we want for some of us instead of others ?
are we going to form a society that 's more durable and durable , or more robust and diverse ?
these are the kinds of questions we 're gonna have to face .
and most of all , will we ever be able to develop wisdom , and master the wisdom we will need to make that decision wisely ?
for better or for worse , and sooner than you might think , those decisions will be up to us .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine something , a portable robot , giving you superhuman abilities , or someone else to help you get up and go .
we at berkeley rocket scientists call these robots space madness .
they 're nothing but something they put on in the morning and that gives them extra strength and that will increase their speed and that will help them balance , for example .
this is indeed the true fusion of man and machine .
but not only do they merge with it and network with the universe and other devices out there .
it 's not just a crazy idea .
now , to show you what we 're working on , we 're gonna start by talking about the american soldier who 's average of 100 pounds on his back , and there 's a request that you wear more equipment .
of course , this leads to some significant complications , 30 % of chronic anxiety attacks .
so we figured we 'd take on this challenge and create an exoskeleton that would help deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you to the human universal exports carrier .
i 'll be able to carry 200 pounds of ground cover for hours .
his cybernetic design allows him to squat , crawl , carry out most erratic movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and increases my strength and endurance .
we are ready to introduce this device to our host , this new exoskeleton this year .
so it 's true .
now let 's take a look at the wheelchairs , something i 'm passionate about .
there are 68 million people in wheelchairs valued worldwide .
that 's about one percent of the profits .
and that is indeed a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people in the prime of their lives being hit by fate in the ' 20s , ' 40s , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it 's also about the aging population , which multiplies .
and pretty much the only option when it comes to a minor stroke or other complications is the wheelchair .
and so it 's been for 500 years , by the way , since his , as i must say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a whole new chapter in mobility .
now , let me introduce you to hospital employees carried by amanda rehme , who suffered a kidney transplant 19 years ago , which has resulted in her unable to walk for 19 years and so far .
thank you .
like i said , amanda 's wearing our wedding dress .
it 's got sensors .
his fully equipped sensors in the crutches , sending signals back to our espheni ship , which is attached to your back .
here 's also some muscle relaxers , which are attached to their hips , as well as their hips , moving forward in this pretty smooth and very natural gait .
i was 24 years old , and i was at my best when a somersault went through a hoop , and i got carried away .
in a split second , i lost every feeling and every movement below my pelvis .
not long after that , a doctor stepped into my hospital room and he said , " amanda , you 'll never walk again . "
and that was 19 years ago .
he stole every ounce of hope from my mind .
strucker 's technologies have been telling me since then to learn to ski again , climb and ride a bike with my hands .
but nothing was invented that would let me go , until now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet and argue with them .
it 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life from future generations not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the wheelchairs , but for everyone .
thank you .
back home in new york , i 'm head of rd for a nonprofit called robin hood .
if i don 't fight poverty , i 'll fight fire as an assistant to a volunteer fire company .
well , in our town , where volunteers were supporting a multimillion-dollar business venture , you have to get into the business pretty early .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer at the fund-raiser , so i had a pretty good chance of getting in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the captain responsible and find out what our duties would be .
when i found the captain , he was having a very serious conversation with the landlady who certainly had one of the worst days of her life .
it was the middle of the night and she was in her pajamas and barefoot under an umbrella in the pouring rain while her house was on fire .
the other volunteer who arrived just before me shall we call him lex luther first reached the captain and was asked to go to the house and rescue the landlady 's dog .
the dog !
there was some lawyer or money manager who could tell people for the rest of his life that he went into a burning house to save a living being just because he was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was next .
the captain waved me over .
he said ,
you need to go upstairs , past the fire , and get this woman some shoes . "
i swear .
i know what you 're thinking , but i 'm not a hero .
i carried my prey back down where i met my nemesis and my beloved dog at the front door .
we carried our treasures outside to the landlady , where , no surprise , got a lot more attention than mine .
a few weeks later , the firehouse received a letter from the landlady , thanking her for the valiant efforts to save her house .
a most cherished kindness , someone had even brought her some shoes .
both in my line of work with robin hood and in my profession as a volunteer firefighter , i bear witness to generosity and kindness on a great scale , but i also see the deeds of charity and sacrifice of individuals .
and you know what i learned ?
they 're all important .
so if i look around this room and i see people who have either reached a phenomenal success or are on their way there , i 'd like to offer the following reminder :
don 't wait to make a difference in someone else 's life until you reach your first million .
if you have something to give , give it now .
serve at a soup kitchen , clean up a park in the neighborhood ,
be a mentor .
not every day will give us a chance to save a person 's life , but every day gives us a chance to change one .
so go ahead , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i just got back from a community that knows the secret of the human race .
a place where women run the scepter , say hello to sex , and the game determines the day where fun is serious .
and no , it 's not burning man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your relatives .
this is the world of wild west africa in the jungles of congo .
they 're our closest living relatives with chimpanzees .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their aggressiveness .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect in the narrative of human evolution .
but we 'll see the other side of the medal
while chimpanzees are led by big , scary , scary dudes , the mating rituals of caucasian females .
they 've really come up with something , because it leads to an extremely volatile society where deadly violence has not been observed .
but unfortunately , zombie attacks are the least known among the primates .
they live in the depths of the nether stone , and are difficult to observe .
the congo is a paradox a country of extraordinary powers and beauty , but also the heart of darkness itself the scene of a violent confrontation that has raged for decades and almost as many lives as the first world war .
it 's not surprising that this destruction also threatens the survival of the fittest .
jet fuel and the decline of the fuel stream cause you couldn 't even fill a stadium with the remaining fuel rods , and even then we 're not sure , to be honest .
and yet , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear a hidden laugh that shakes the trees .
who are these relatives ?
we know them as " love instead of war , " because they have frequent sex with different partners , and rules of conflict and social anxiety .
i 'm not saying that 's the answer to all humanitarian problems because the life of the food industry is more than the kama sutra .
- --
game isn 't just kid 's game .
for us , and it 's fundamental to the bond of relationships and the care of tolerance .
we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game breeds creativity and resilient , and it 's mostly about creating diversity of diverse interactions , variety of behaviors , variety of behaviors .
and when you watch online games , you see the evolutionary origins of human laughter , dance and rituals .
game is the kitt that 's chasing us .
well , i don 't know about you playing , but i 'd like to show you some unique footage straight from the wild .
first , a ball game on slow motion , and i 'm not thinking football .
so here we see a young female and male in an adult costume .
look at what she 's doing .
that could be the evolutionary origin of " she grabs him by the balls . "
except i think he likes it more , don 't you ?
yes !
so it 's common in both human and human beings .
but the game is a shape-shifter .
game is a shape-shifter , and it can take many forms , some of which are a little quieter , imaginative , curious , perhaps to rediscover the amazement .
and i want to show you , this is a young female , and she plays peacefully with water .
i think , just like you , we play alone sometimes , and we anticipate boundaries of our inner and outer worlds .
and it 's this newfound curiosity that makes us explore and interact , and the unexpected development that we form is the real source of creativity .
this is just a small taste of the insights granted to us in our past and present .
but you 're also keeping a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to growing challenges , through greater creativity and enhanced cooperation .
the secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
in other words , game is our favorite game .
to successfully adapt ourselves to an imperfect world , we must play .
but are we going to make the best of our sex life ?
play 's not silly ,
it 's essential .
for men and women alike , life is not teeth and claws alone .
just when it seems hardly appropriate , game may be the most important .
and so , my fellow scientists , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together as we stimulate creativity into camaraderie and wonder .
thank you .
okay .
so two pairs , each one has a baby .
now i don 't want you to spend too much time imagining conception , because if you 're imagining the conception all the time , you 're not gonna listen to me .
just imagine that for a moment .
and in this scenario , imagine that in a case , the sperm is wearing a y chromosome that meets the egg 's x chromosome .
and in the other case , the semen carries an x chromosome that meets the egg 's x chromosome .
they 're both corroded , both lit .
we 'll get back to these people later .
most of my activities involve two hats .
under a hat , i study the history of anatomy .
i 'm a student of animal agriculture , and in this case , i 'm investigating how people with anatomy bypassed by d.h. human bodies like yourself with bodily fluids , as you thought about bodies .
the other hat i wore at work is the activist , as an activist , or , as i sometimes say , as an underpaid lawyer of people who are doctors .
in that case , i 've worked with people who have social standards .
that 's how i 've worked with people who are siamese twins , two people in one body .
so i 've been working with people with benefits , people smaller than usual .
and a lot of times , i 've worked with ruthless people whose sex is essential , so people who don 't have average male or female experience .
and as a general term , we can use the word loosely .
it appears to be in many different forms .
i 'm just giving you some examples of the possible types of male or female standards .
in one case , you may have cooked up someone with an xy chromosome , and the combined gene of the y genome mapping program allows all of us to grow testicles .
and that 's why the testicles are dropping off testosterone at a cellular level .
but because this individual lacks receptors to detect testosterone , the body doesn 't respond to testosterone .
and that 's what they 're called .
so much testosterone , but no response .
as a consequence , the body develops more to follow the typical female course .
when the child is born , she looks like a girl .
she 's a girl , raised as a girl .
but it usually takes her to reach puberty and her breasts grow and develop , but she doesn 't get her period until someone figures out there 's something different .
and they run some tests and find out that instead of ovaries and womb , they actually carry testicles and that she has a y chromosome .
it 's important to understand that this person is actually male , but they 're not .
women , like men , have something in our bodies that 's called muscle memory .
they 're in the back of our body .
and the adrenal glands show hormone levels .
most women , like me , i think i 'm a typical woman . i don 't know my actual sex life , but i think i probably have the typical type . most women like me actually talk to women on tv shows .
we 're making sound waves and we 're responding to voice commands .
the result is that someone like me actually has a brain exposed to more carcinogens than a woman who was born with testicles and has a brain tumor .
so sex is really complicated ; sex is not only in the middle of the spectrum of gender in some ways , they can be distributed across the bandwidth
he had an extreme form of congenital malformation .
he took xx , and in the womb , his adrenal glands were so active , they essentially created a male reproductive organ .
and as a consequence , his genitals were masculine , his brain was exposed to the male portion of the femur .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy - nobody knew anything .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because he found out inside that the doctors found out he was female .
okay , just one quick example for a variant of killer whales .
some people with chromosomes . they develop something called gene splicing with chromosomes .
we don 't know exactly why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different ways .
the reason kids with this kind of body ... are they rounded up or siamese twins ... is that it 's often adapted to the norm by surgeons ... is not because it would be beneficial to their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason they often undergo different types of surgical procedures is because they threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain symbiotic relationship is associated with a certain identity .
so we have the concept of being a woman means having a female identity , being a black person is allegedly having an african anatomy in view of your own history .
so we have this terribly disappointing idea .
and when we 're faced with a body that actually represents something very different to us , it confuses us with the implications of this .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas about individualism in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of individualism .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , two people in one body ,
where i had experienced most of the excitement lately , the south african caster caster caster casters was questioned last year by the members of the world cup in berlin .
a lot of journalists have been calling me with the question , " what test are you going to take that tells us whether caster is female or male ? "
and i had to explain to the journalists that this test doesn 't exist .
we now know that gender is complicated enough that we have to admit that nature does not draw a line between male and female , or between male and female and female , therefore , it is us who pretend to be natural .
and that 's not just about sex .
it also applies to race , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our terminology allowed .
in our minds , we 're in all sorts of uncomfortable areas .
for example , we 're looking at the fact that we have at least 95 % of our dna in common with chimpanzees .
what are we supposed to do with the fact that we 're only different from them by a few light years ?
while we continue to advance our science , we are increasingly entering a zone of uncertainty where we must acknowledge that the socioeconomic categories we 've probably had are too simple .
we see this in all kinds of human life .
one of the areas where we see this as the main event in our modern culture , in today 's united states , is the fighting over the beginning and the end of life .
we have difficult conversations about which point a body becomes human so that it has a different right than life itself .
we have very difficult confrontations these days , perhaps not as public as in medicine about when someone is dead .
our ancestors never had this hard to fight the question of when someone was dead .
they had a feather in their nose , and if it moved , they haven 't buried it yet .
if she stopped moving , they buried her .
but today we 're in a situation where we 're taking people 's vital organs and trying to transplant them to other people .
and as a result , we get caught fighting the really difficult question about when someone 's dead , and that puts us in a really difficult position where we don 't have as simple categories as we used to .
now you could assume that the whole falling apart of categories would make someone like me really happy .
i 'm politically progressive , defending people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
realizing these categories are a lot more insecure than we thought , makes me tense .
and it makes me tense about thinking about democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i must first confess that i am a huge fan of the founding fathers .
i know you were an investment banker , i know you were an investment banker , but you were great .
i think you 've been so brave and strong , and so radical in what you 've done that every couple of years , i find myself looking at the greek musical in 1776 , and it 's not because of the music to be completely forgotten .
it 's because of what happened to them in 1776 .
the founding fathers were originals from my point of view , which is why .
what you deduced was an elaborate concept , and you replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful , and 200 years for us was essential .
as you all remember , our founding fathers rejected the concept of monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very fundamental concept of anatomy .
the rulers of the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of dna .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they believed that people who had political power should have this political power because of the ancient bloodline of grandfather to father and so on .
the founding fathers rejected this idea and replaced it with a new unifying concept , and this concept said that all humans were created equal .
they played the field and decided that anatomically , the similarities were significant , not the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did it partly because they were part of a monetary system where two things worked together .
democracy grew up , but science grew up at the same time .
when you look at the history of the founding fathers , it becomes clear that many of them were very interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a three-dimensional world .
they went away from explanations of supernatural manner , and they expressed things like a supernatural concept of power , where the transmission is based on a very vague sense of birthright .
they moved to a more complex concept .
and for example , when you look at the declaration of independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
you 're not talking about god and the nature of god .
they 're talking nature 's power to tell us who we are .
and as part of it , they gave us a concept that was all about common ground .
and with that , you 've prepared the future civil rights movement in a really wonderful way .
you didn 't think so , but what you did for us was great .
so what happened years after that ?
and women succeeded .
next thing i know , the successful civil rights movement has come , where we 've seen people talking about , " am i not a woman ? "
we 'll find men in the ranks of the south koreans who say , " i 'm a man . "
again , people of different color , who call themselves " irreconcilable differences , " again , successfully .
we 're seeing the same thing at the academy .
of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all the similarities , we need to start questioning why we maintain certain breakups .
well , mind you , i 'd like to maintain certain breakups , anatomically , in our culture .
i don 't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
i don 't want to say we should stay away from the anatomy .
i don 't want to say that five-year-olds are entitled to consent to sex or marriage .
so there are some breakups that make sense to me , and i think we should keep .
but the challenge is to try to figure out what it is and why we keep it , and whether it makes sense .
so let 's get back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of the millennium .
we conceived two beings in 1979 exactly the same day .
let 's imagine that one of you , maria , was born three months premature , so she was born june 1 , 1980 .
heinrich , on the other hand , is born due date , so he was born march 1 , 1980 ,
just because maria was born three months premature , she gains every possible right three months before henry 's right to have sex , the right to choose the right to drink .
heinrich has to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological age , just because he was born .
we 'll find other forms of communication regarding what your rights are .
heinrich , since he 's supposed to be manly , although i didn 't tell you he 's the one with xy , since you think he 's male , he can be drafted now , which maria doesn 't have to worry about .
maria , on the other hand , cannot have the same right in all states that heinrich has in all states , to marry .
heinrich can marry a woman in any state , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so , we have these enduring , stable categories which are problematic and questionable in many ways .
and for me , the question is , what are we going to do , since our science is making such advances in anatomy , that we can reach a point where we have to admit that a democracy could fall apart ?
i don 't want to give up science , but at the same time , it feels like science has its own way .
so where are we going ?
it seems our culture is taking some kind of pragmatic stance , " well , we need to draw a line somewhere , so we 're pulling it somewhere . "
but a lot of people get caught up in a very strange position .
so , for example , texas decided at one point that marrying a man means you don 't have a y chromosome , and marrying a woman means you have a y chromosome .
well , in practice , people don 't get tested for their brain cells .
but it 's also very bizarre because of the story i told you about the mcdermott case at first .
when we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his " i have a dream speech " kind of a solution .
he says we shouldn 't judge people by their color , but by the quality of their character , and go beyond anatomy .
and i want to say , " yeah , that sounds like a really good idea . "
but how do you do it in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their traits ?
i 'd like to point out that i probably know some bright spots , too , who are more capable of making key decisions about their sexual relations than some 40-year-old i know .
so how are we supposed to question the qualities of character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and a part of me is wondering , what if the contents of a personality were something that could be seen in the future by some sort of stealth device ?
are we really going that way ?
i 'm not sure where we 're going .
what i do know is that it seems really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to worrying about democracy .
in our struggle for democracy , we 've done our thing really well , and i think we 'd do our thing in the future .
conditions like that don 't exist with us .
i 'm glad to say we don 't have these conditions , a surgeon i spoke to a few years ago , who brought some siamese twins with him to separate them , partially to make a name for himself .
i replied , " now did you consider political asylum instead of surgery to separate them ? "
the united states offers incredible opportunity to allow people to be who they are without changing for the sake of the state .
that 's why i think we need to lead .
well , just to lock up , i want to realize that i 've talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of what democracy might look like , or look like if we got the mothers involved more .
and i 'd like to say something that 's a little radical for a feminist , and i think there might be different kinds of insights that stem from different types of anatomy when people use a sex object .
for years now , because i was interested in laboratory experiments , i 've also been interested in research in the field of research .
and one of the things i found really interesting is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and act in the world .
what we 've learned from extracurricular studies is that women , on average , not everyone , but on average , tend to tend complex social relationships and caring for people who are vulnerable within the group , tend to give a lot of attention .
and that 's why , when we think about it , we have an interesting situation ahead of us .
years ago , when i was doing a swan dive , one of my fellow scientists , who knew my interest in feminism ,
he said , " tell me what 's female about feminism . "
and i thought , " well , that 's the dumbest question i 've ever heard .
feminism is about unraveling gender stereotypes , so feminism isn 't female .
but the more i thought about his question , the more i thought there might be something feminine in feminism .
that means there might be something , on average , that would make female brains differ from male ones , which makes us more attentive social relationships , and make more aware of that .
and maybe that 's where we need to go in the future if we think less about anatomy and less about identity and more about relationships .
so that when we 're people trying to establish a rapport , we 're thinking about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i 'm jessi , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i 'm gonna make a very public confession , and that 's , i 'm obsessed with outfits .
i love finding a different outfit , wearing , and lately taking pictures and blogging .
but i 'm not buying anything new .
i get all my clothes from second hand on satin sheets and in silk dresses .
ooh , thank you .
i 'm allowed to reduce the influence of my wardrobe to the environment and the influence on my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars usually serve a good cause ; i look pretty unique , and it shops for my very personal treasure hunt .
i mean , what am i gonna find today ?
will it be my size ?
am i gonna like the color ?
will it cost less than $ 20 ?
when all the answers are yes , i feel like i 've won .
i 'll come back to my suitcase and tell you what i packed for this exciting week at ted 's .
i mean , what does someone with so many outfits bring ?
so i 'll show you exactly what i brought .
i brought seven pairs of underpants , and that 's all .
underpants for exactly a week is all i put in my suitcase .
i bet i 'd find anything else i might wear once i got to palm springs .
and since you haven 't heard from me as the woman walking around here with ted in her underwear , that means i found some stuff .
and i really want to show you my outfits for the week .
sound good ?
while i 'm doing this , i 'm going to give you some of the lessons i 've learned whether you believe it or not from these adventures , not to wear anything new .
let 's start sunday .
i call that the radiant tiger .
you don 't have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost always look great for less than 50 bucks .
this whole outfit , including the jacket cost me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece i 've worn all week .
color 's a little more colorful .
it 's almost physiologically impossible to be cranky when you 're wearing puffy pants .
when you 're happy , you attract other happy people .
adaptation 's totally overrated .
i 've spent a lot of my life trying to be myself and adapt at the same time .
just be who you are .
when you 're surrounded by the right people , not only will you understand , you 'll appreciate it , too .
wednesday , embrace your inner child .
sometimes people tell me i look like i 'm playing dress-up or reminding them of their 7-year-old boys .
i like to smile and say , " thank you . "
confidence is the key .
if you think you look good in something , it 's almost certain .
and if you think you 're not looking good at something , you 're probably right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me that day after day .
but it wasn 't until i turned 30 that i really understood what that meant .
and i will briefly summarize this for you .
if you think you 're a wonderful person inside and out , there 's nothing you can 't wear .
so there 's no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock anything we want .
thank you .
friday , a universal truth - five words - golden globes match everything .
and finally , saturday , developing your own unique , personal style is a great way to tell the world about you without having to say a word .
and i 've had great conversations .
obviously , this won 't all fit in my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn ,
because the lesson i 'm trying to learn myself this week is that it 's okay to let go .
i don 't have to get emotionally attached to these things , because right around the corner there 's always gonna be another crazy , brooding , shining outfit waiting for me when i have a little love in my heart and i 'm looking for it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
hello , everyone .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a training exercise , as a flying commercial .
that 's what we call in our lab , cutting-edge design .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
some time ago , when you wanted to win a formula 1 race , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , then they won the race .
this is what you would call a police investigation .
and basically , it 's a system that 's made of two parts - - a partial piece and a partial plate .
what 's interesting these days is the beginning of our lives .
our cities have just been equipped with networks and electronics over the last few years .
they become computers in the open .
and as a computer in the open , they start to react in different ways , they 're perceived and powered .
when we make up cities , it 's actually a big deal .
by the way , i 'd like to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth 's surface , but 50 % of the world population live there .
they 're 75 % of the co2 emissions .
so if we do something about the cities , it 's a big deal .
beyond the cities , drawing all this awareness and pumping into objects of daily life .
this is from an exhibition organized by paola antonelli later a year during the summer .
it 's " talk to me . "
well , all our objects , our environment , start talking back to us .
in a certain sense , it 's almost like every atom out there is becoming both a sensor and a nuclear device .
and that radically changes the interaction we humans have with our environment .
in a way , it 's almost like michelangelo 's old dream ...
well , today , our environment begins to answer us for the very first time .
i 'm just gonna show you some examples - again , with the idea of acknowledging and driving our environment .
let 's begin to perceive .
now , the first project i want to introduce you to is one of the first of our laboratory .
it was born four and a half years ago in italy .
summer was a happy summer 2006 .
it was when italy won the oscars .
some of them will remember it was when italy played against france , and then in the end , the head bump .
anyway , italy won in the end
now look at what happened that day , just watching the activity happening on the network .
here 's the town .
you see the colosseum in the middle , the river tiber .
in the morning , before the game .
you 're looking at the time line upstairs .
early afternoon , people here and there , making calls and moving .
the game starts - - silence .
france scores a goal , italy scores a goal .
halftime , people make a quick call , go to the bathroom .
second half .
first extension , second .
head bump in one minute .
italy wins .
well , that night , everyone went downtown to celebrate .
you saw the big rash .
the next day , everyone went downtown to meet the prime minister and the prime minister at the same time .
and then everyone went down .
you see the picture of the square massimo where , since roman time , people are going to celebrate to have a big party , and you see the rash at the end of the day .
well , that 's just an example of how we can feel the city today in a way we couldn 't a few years ago .
another example of sensing quickly , this isn 't about people , it 's about things we use and consume .
well , nowadays , we know all about where our stuff comes from .
this is a map to show you all the chips a mac computer is made of how they got together .
but we know very little about where things are going .
so we actually designed some small markers in this project to track the garbage while it 's going through the system .
so we started with a few volunteers that helped us a little more than a year ago in seattle to mark the things they were doing- - different kinds of things that they could see - things they 'd throw away anyway .
then we put the little chips , the little tokens on the trash , and we started tracking him .
here are the results we just got .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized there 's a lot of data in the system .
we can actually do the same things with less energy .
the data wasn 't available before .
but that happens to a lot of useless transports and complicated things .
but the other thing is , we think that every day we see that the cup we throw away doesn 't just disappear , that it 's still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle we still throw away every day .
and if we were to show that to people , then we could move on to an environmental impact .
so that 's the reason for this project .
and the first project is something we did in spain a few years ago .
it started with a question from the mayor who came to us and said that spain and asturias have a beautiful tradition of using water as part of the architecture in public places .
and the question was , how do you connect technology , new technology ?
and one of the ideas that was investigated by a fire hydrant was imagine those tubes , and valves , vents that open and close .
they 're causing , like , a ripple effect with the water coming out .
if they fall down , they can write on it , they can show patterns , pictures , lines .
and you can get close to him , and he 'll open up to let you know as you can see in this picture .
well , we introduced mayor bloomberg .
he liked it a lot .
and we were ordered to design a building at the expo entrance .
we called it digital water restoration .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you approach him , it will open and let you in .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it 's windy , if you want to reduce the injection , you can even lower the roof .
no , they didn 't destroy the building , it 's just that the architecture almost disappears .
here 's how the building works .
you see the person wondering what 's happening inside .
and here you see me trying not to get wet testing the sensors that opened the water .
well , i should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , it was more fun that night .
all the children from relliketh came to the building because the way they played the building was very different .
no longer a building that would open to let you in , but a building that still had pauses and holes in the water , you had to jump without getting wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as designers , we always think about how people use the things we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and that 's the beauty of creating things that are used and interacting with humans .
here 's a picture of the building with the physical manifestations of water and the projections on it .
and this is what got us thinking about the following project i 'm about to show you .
you know , imagine these air currents could really start flying .
imagine you could have little choppers flying through the air , and each of you with a little ultraviolet light - almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here 's the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , moving with others , in perfect sync .
you can have that cloud .
you can have some kind of imaging screen or display , like this , an even formation in two dimensions .
or irregular , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of motion sensors .
you can play with different kinds .
imagine the screen could just appear in different sizes or sizes in different sizes .
but then the whole thing could be just a 3-d cloud of mirror images that you can walk towards and move through , which you can see from many , many directions .
here you see a real horror show , the shape of a v as before .
if you turn on the light , it looks like it , just like we saw before .
imagine every single one of them being controlled .
it could have a pulse of every single molecule that comes from people , from the movements of men or something .
i want to show you something first .
we 've been working with roberto fielding , one of the finest ballet dancers of our time , the metropolitan theatre in new york , and the scala in milan , we 've recorded his movements in 3-d to use them as a pulse for the musical theater .
this is roberto dancing .
on the left , you see the flashes , the various tactile sensations .
at the same time , it 's a sex tape and a sex tape .
so you can relate to the whole movement .
you can do this all the time .
but then , once we 're all on the same page , you can play with it and play with color gravity and gravity .
we 'd like to use that as a possible pulse for the graviton field .
i want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
it 's something we 're working on for the london olympics .
it 's called the cloud - the cloud .
the idea is , in turn , imagine that we 're bringing people back in to do something and change the environment - - almost what we call putting together a barn door , but with a cloud .
imagine anyone can donate a small donation to a charity event .
i think that 's a remarkable thing to happen in recent years , which has been decades since we 've moved from physical to digital world .
it digitized everything , knowing , making it accessible through the internet .
today , for the first time , and the obama 's campaign has shown this , we can change from the digital world from the forces of the networks to the physical world .
that can be , in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol .
that means something built in the city .
but tomorrow , to confront the challenges ahead , think about climate change or co2 emissions , how can we change from the digital world to physical physics ?
so the idea is that we actually involve people in doing things together , collectively .
the cloud is another cloud of omicron particles in the same way as a real cloud is a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of carbon dioxide .
it 's an architectural structure in london , but it 's covered in rock formations .
they can move inside and have different kinds of experience .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , share the most important moments for olympia , 2012 , and use it as a link to the community .
so both , the physical cloud in the sky and something to go to , like london 's new mountaintop .
you can go in .
and a kind of digital lighthouse at night - - but as a window cleaner , a new kind of experience for everyone who wants to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , it 's very important to me .
through my work , i try to express that people aren 't separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica almost 10 years ago , when i saw my first icebergs .
i was in awe .
my heart was racing , i was dizzy trying to grasp what was in front of me .
the icebergs around me were almost 60 meters out of the water , and all i could think of was a snowflake on another snowflake , year after year .
icebergs are born as a calf of a horse 's tail or breaking out of ice caps .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact positively with their surroundings and experiences .
some refuse to give up and cling to the bitter end while others can 't stand it and wallow in a fit of dramatic passion .
when you look at an iceberg , it 's easy to think they 're isolated , separated and alone , just as we humans often see each other .
but the truth is far from it .
while an iceberg melts , i inhale its breathable atmosphere .
as the iceberg melts , it releases unlimited drinking water that feeds many life forms .
i take pictures of these icebergs as if i were taking portraits of my ancestors , knowing that they exist in these individual moments and will never again exist .
it 's not death when they melt ; it 's not an end , it 's a continuation of their cycle along the cycle .
part of the ice in the ice cream i put in is very young - a few thousand years old .
and part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
the last images i 'd like to show you are showing an iceberg i picked up in greenland in greenland .
very rarely do you actually witness a rolling iceberg .
here it is .
on the left , you see a small boat .
that 's about five meters long .
please keep an eye on the shape of the iceberg and where it 's at the tip line .
you can see here , it starts rolling , and the boat moved to the other side , the man 's standing there .
that 's the average size of a stick .
it rises about 120 feet out of the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , the iceberg shows you a different side of his personality .
thank you .
my life is truly incredibly blessed by working on some amazing projects .
but the coolest thing i ever worked on was this guy .
his name is eak
yeah .
then one day , he came back from walking and said , " pop , my legs are tingling . "
and that was the onset of the als .
she 's completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes .
i was facing him .
i have a company that does design and design work , so graffiti is inevitably a complex part of what we admire and respect in the art world .
we have therefore decided to support tony and his cause .
i met with his father and his brother and said , " we 'll give you this money ,
what are you gonna do with it ? "
and his brother said , " i just want to talk to tony again .
i just want to talk to him again , and i said , " wait , isn 't that - - i 've seen stephen hawking - can 't all paralyzed people communicate with these devices ? "
and he said , " no , only if you 're with the higher authority and have a remarkable insurance , you can really do that .
normal people are unable to access these devices . "
and i said , " how do you communicate ? "
has anyone seen the movie " butterfly and butterfly " ?
that 's how they communicate - - that 's how their fingers run along .
i said , " how can that be ? "
so i came up with the need to just write a check , and instead i wrote a check i didn 't know how to cash it .
because it 's a farce that someone who still has all this inside him can 't communicate it . "
so i spoke a few months later at a conference .
i met these people at cryonyc , graffiti research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface they want , and then draw on it with a tracking device that only registers the negative surface .
so , you 're moving around making baby noises like this .
they say that all the things displayed up there follow a life cycle .
it starts with the swear words , then comes the swear words , and finally , people actually make art .
but there was always a life cycle in your presentations .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of things , we did some things .
first of all , we 've cleared the insurance company 's doors , and we 've actually gotten a remote device to communicate with , a stephen huntley divorce .
that was incredible .
and he 's really hilarious - i call him yoda because you talk to him , or you get an e-mail , and you think , " i 'm so undignified , this guy is unbelievable . "
besides , we 've flown seven programmers from all over the world - literally from all corners of the world - home to us .
my wife , my kids and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and conspiracy theorists and anarchists took over our house .
a lot of our friends thought we were pretty stupid to do this , and that we went back and all the pictures on the walls left graffiti .
but for over two weeks , we programmed , we went to the boardwalk in venice , my children were included , my dog , and we created this .
it 's called skin grafts , and you can see the description .
it 's a cheap pair of sunglasses we bought off the boardwalk of venice , some copper wire and some stuff from the hardware store and the hardware store .
we took a dna swab , downloaded it , put it on a data server , and now we have a device that 's available - - you can build it yourself , we provide the code for free , the software can be downloaded for free .
so we created a device completely free of restrictions .
no insurance can change .
no hospital either .
every cripple can actually communicate with or draw alone .
thank you .
thank you so much , that was incredible .
at the end of two weeks , we went back to rising 's room .
i love this picture because it 's someone else 's room , and this is his room .
there 's all this hoopla outside the big unveiling
and after more than a year of planning , two weeks of touring , crashing and crashing nights , tony started drawing again after seven years .
and that 's an impressive picture , because this is his life-support system , and he 's looking beyond his life support .
we tilted his bed so he could look outside .
we 've set up a projector against a wall in front of the hospital .
and he drew for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can only imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
funny thing is , we also had to break into the parking lot , so we felt right about being part of the gang unit .
in the end , he sent us an e-mail saying , " for the first time in seven years , i drew something .
i feel like i was pushed under water and finally someone reached down and pulled my head up so i could breathe . "
isn 't that amazing ?
it 's like our battle cry .
keeps us in line and keeps us developing .
and we have a lot to improve on this device .
it 's an amazing device , but it 's about to be constructed .
and someone with such artistic potential deserves so much more .
so we 're about to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since then , we 've received all kinds of recognition .
we won some prizes .
remember , it 's free , none of us deserve it .
it 's all coming from our own pockets .
so the awards were , " oh , that 's fantastic . "
armstrong tweeted about us , and then , in december , the science museum honored us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , which was really great .
the coolest part is - - and that concludes the whole circle - - that this april , at the bluegrass concert downtown los angeles , there will be an exhibition called art of the streets .
and i think that 's pretty much where all the toughest agents in the tri-state area will be there .
yeah .
so basically , when you see something that 's impossible , make it happen .
everything in this room was impossible - this stage , this computer , this microphone , this microphone - - everything was eventually impossible .
make it possible - all of you here .
i 'm not a programmer , and i 've never had anything to do with computer technology , but i just recorded something and surrounded myself with amazing people so we could work something out together .
and that 's a question each of you should be facing every single day when you notice something that needs to be done .
thank you .
well , i write for kids , and i 'm probably america 's most hated book writer .
and i always tell people i don 't want to come along like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer or in leather , but nobody 's ever voted for a farmer .
today i want to tell you about circles and revelations .
well , enlightenment is usually something you find because you dropped it somewhere .
you go around the block and take it as a revelation .
it 's a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it - richard dimaso .
it 's the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you about today .
my circle started back in the ' 60s at high school , ohio , where i was the school nurse .
i was the one who was beaten green and blue every week in the school cafeteria until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by letting me use the bathroom in the teachers ' lounge .
she secretly did .
she did it for three years ,
and i had to leave town .
i had a thumb , i had $ 85 , and it hit me in san francisco in california , and i found a lover , and back in the ' 80s , i thought it was important to take up a job at whitbrook-balsille .
about three or four years ago , i got a call from that teacher in the middle of the night who said , " i need to see her .
i 'm sorry we never met as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come with the man i know you 've found by now .
" and i should mention that i have the stomach flu , and i want you to hurry . "
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at her , we laughed , we cried , and we knew she had to be in a hospice .
we found one for her , we took her there , and we took care of her , and we took care of her family because it was necessary ,
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult , she turned into a box of ashes and was placed in my hands .
what had happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle , and the revelation i was talking about revealed .
revelation is that death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved hers .
and you know , this part of life needs everything the rest of life needs .
he needs truth and beauty , and i 'm so glad this has been mentioned so many times today .
he needs the same - he needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's up to us to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a large explosion as you rise to 1,000 meters .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
click , click , click , click .
that sounds terrifying .
well , i had a unique place that day ; i was sitting on the sidelines .
i was the only one who could talk to the elders .
so i looked right at them and they said , " no problem , we must have caught some birds . "
the pilot had already turned the plane around and we weren 't that far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at once .
the pilot turned the machine to the hudson river .
that 's not usually the route .
he 's shutting down the engines .
imagine an unmarked plane .
and then he said three words - - the most eloquent words i 've ever heard .
he says , " brace for impact "
i didn 't have to talk to the school board anymore .
i could see it in her eyes , there was terror , life was over .
i want to tell you three things i learned about myself that day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
as i thought about it later , i remembered a saying that was , " i collect bad wines . "
because when the wine is ready and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to postpone again .
and this urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned that day , and that was when we missed the george washington bridge , pretty much by a hair , i thought , man , there 's one thing i really regret .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i aspired to be better in everything i aspire to be .
but in my humanity , i also gave my ego space .
and i regretted the time i wasted on meaningless things with people who matter .
and i was thinking about my relationship with my wife , with friends , with people .
and after thinking about it , i decided to banish negative energy from my life .
it 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
i haven 't argued with my wife in two years .
it feels great .
i don 't try to be right anymore ; i choose to be happy .
the third thing i learned while the internal clock was ticking , " 15 , 14 , 13 ... "
you can see the water coming .
i said , " please blow up . "
i don 't want this thing breaking into 20 pieces , as you know from documentaries .
while we were crashing , i had this feeling , man , dying isn 't scary .
almost like we 've been preparing for this all our lives .
but it was very sad .
i didn 't want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness really resonated in one thought , which is that i only want one thing .
i just wish i could watch my kids grow up .
about a month later , i was attending a performance of my daughter - first graders , not much artistic talent ...
... not yet .
and i 'm celebrating , i 'm crying like a little kid .
and in the world , everything made sense to me .
i realized then by connecting the dots , that life is all about being a great father .
more than anything , everything else , my only goal in life is to be a good father .
i was given the miracle of not dying that day .
i received another gift to look into the future and come back and live differently .
my call to all of you flying today is to imagine the same thing happening on your flight , please don 't , but imagine it , and how would you change ?
what would you do that you put off because you think you 're here forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
and more than anything , are they the best parents they can be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the interrogation room is quite simple .
we don 't want iran to build the bomb .
the most important job there is to develop nuclear weapons is the nuclear arsenal in southern california .
the gray boxes you see here , they 're private quarters .
if we can compromise the systems , which control valves , then we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don 't run with scrap metal ; they 're based on a completely different technology .
but if we can get an effective wi-fi signal attached to a laptop used by an rfid tracker to configure this gray box , then we 're in business .
and that 's the planning behind bars .
so we 're gonna start with an exit strategy .
the quarantine protocols are being transferred into the gray box , damaging the centrifuge , and the iranian nuclear program is being delayed - mission accomplished .
it 's a piece of cake , isn 't it ?
i want to tell you how we found out .
when we started our research six months ago , it was completely unknown what the purpose of this experiment was .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated about the percentage part , the most vulnerable part , he 's made use of countless defensive vulnerabilities .
and it seemed a little foggy , with these gray boxes , these polished floors .
it drew our attention , and we began a failed project where we began our environment with infected people and examined this construct .
and then something weird happened .
well , he-he acted like a lab rat who didn 't like our cheese sniffing around , but wouldn 't eat it .
that didn 't make any sense to me .
and after we experimented on different types of cheese , i realized this was a surgical attack .
fully targeted .
the particle accelerator is actively roaming the gray box when a specific configuration has been detected , even if the specific program that 's trying to infect it on this target .
and if you don 't , then don 't do anything .
well , that really piqued my interest , and we started working on it almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don 't know what the target is .
it could be , say , a self-sustaining american power plant or a nuclear plant in germany .
so we better figure out what the target is soon .
so , uh , we , uh , updated the decryption code and found out that it 's embedded in two digital warheads , one smaller and one larger .
and we also noticed that they were very professional designed by people who obviously had all the pertinent information available .
they knew every bits and bytes they had to attack .
you probably even knew the size of the shoe .
so you knew everything .
and as long as you 've noticed that the core value of space travel is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the core values are a science to themselves .
it 's more sophisticated than anything we 've ever seen .
here 's a clip from this binary code .
we 're talking about - - about 15,000 lines code .
looks pretty much like old-fashioned dating sites .
and i want to tell you how we were able to figure out this code .
so the first thing we were looking for was celebrity hits because we know what they do .
and then we went looking for locations and locations and tried to connect them to the real world with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories on those targets we could prove or disprove .
in order to formulate these theories , we 're reminded that this is definitely a deliberate sabotage , it has to be a target , and it 's very likely in iran because most of the infections were reported .
well , there aren 't several thousand targets in this area .
basically , it boils down to the nuclear power plant and the nuclear plant in southern california .
so i said to my assistant , " bring me a list of all the experts for power plants and power stations from our customer base . "
and i called her and e-mailed her knowledge to compare her expertise to what we found in the code and the data .
and that worked very well .
so , we were able to link the little digital warhead to the drone launch .
the rotor is this moving part inside the centrifuge , this black object you 're seeing .
and if you manipulate the speed of this genome , then you 're actually able to crack the rotor and eventually explode the centrifuge .
whatever we found out is that the target of the attack was actually to let it happen slow and creepy , obviously in an attempt to make it desperate , so they wouldn 't be able to figure it out fast .
the great digital warhead we 've gotten an insight into how we 're going to look at very precise data and satellite data .
so , for example , number 164 is stepping out of this code ; you can 't miss it .
i started working through scientific literature about how these plasma tvs are built in time zones , and i found out they 're structured in so-called time zones , and every cascade has 164 detonators .
well , that made sense , it matched .
and it got better .
these terrorist attacks in iran are divided into 15 so-called levels .
and guess what we found in the evidence room ?
almost identical structure .
so again , that was a really good fit .
and this gave us great confidence in what we were investigating here .
well , don 't get me wrong , it didn 't just happen .
these results have been obtained through several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead end and had to regroup .
anyway , we found out that both digital warheads were actually targeting one and the same target , but from different directions .
the small warhead will take over a cascade and overheat the rotors and slow it down and the large warhead will interact with six star systems and manipulate valve valves .
so , on the whole , we 're very confident that we 've actually determined what the target is .
it 's enochian , and it 's just brain cancer .
so we don 't have to worry that other targets could be hit by shrapnel .
here 's something really cool we found .
there 's the gray box down there , and on top of it , you see the front door .
well , what this thing does is capture the incoming sensor readings from sensors , so , for example , from radio telescopes and it provides legitimate code that still works during the attack with false data .
and as a matter of fact , this false incoming data from skylab has already been recorded .
so , it 's just like in peshawar , where during the chase , the surveillance camera is fed with previously released video footage .
that 's cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just to outsmart the control panel in the control room .
in fact , it 's even more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to outsmart a digital security system .
we need digital security systems where a human genome project can 't respond fast enough .
so , in a power plant , for example , when the great power source is too fast , you have to open the power gates within milliseconds .
of course , this can 't be handled by a human centipede .
so this is where we need digital security systems .
and if they 're compromised , then really bad things can happen .
the power station can explode .
and neither the security system will notice .
that 's scary .
but it gets worse .
and what i 'm about to say is very important .
think about it .
he doesn 't have anything special to do with personality disorders , with personality disorders .
so , for example , it would work just as well in a power plant or a power plant .
it 's enochian .
and you don 't have to be the attacker . you don 't have to put the safety valve on a stick that we saw at the plant .
you might as well use ordinary , untested technology to spread .
you just have to spread it as far as possible .
and when you do , you finally get a weapon of mass destruction .
that 's the consequence we have to face .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for these attacks is not in the middle east .
they 're in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most remote environments .
we have to face the consequences , and we better get ready .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , there 's been a lot of reports that people suspect the mossad is behind it .
is that your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know ?
yeah .
in my opinion , mossad is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force behind it is the superpower .
there 's only one , and that 's the united states -- fortunately , thank god .
otherwise , our problem would be even bigger .
thanks for scaring the crap out of us .
i 've spent the last few years putting myself in situations that are usually very difficult and somehow dangerous at the same time .
i went to prison hard .
i worked dangerously in a coal mine .
i 've been filming difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days eating this , fun at first , a little difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
so when i knew i was coming here to look at the world of spy novels and spy novels ,
some of you may have heard that i put an ad on ebay a few weeks ago .
i sent some text messages , some text messages , and i gave people the opportunity to acquire the cash deposits on my 2011 savings account .
but other than that , it 's a very good opportunity .
do you have any idea how many people look at this place ?
a lot .
it 's just a working title , by the way .
in spite of that warning , i knew someone would buy the tickets .
if you 'd asked me this a year ago , i wouldn 't have been able to tell you this with certainty .
but in the new project i 'm working on , my new movie , we 're studying the world of marketing , advertising .
like i said , i 've been walking into some pretty terrible situations over the years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could arm me , anything as difficult and dangerous as walking into a room with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a movie .
what i want to do is a film about product placement programs , marketing and advertising where the whole movie is funded through product placement programs , marketing and advertising .
and the movie will be called the greatest movie ever pay .
so what happens in " the greatest movie ever pay " is that everything , from top to bottom , from beginning to end , is complete with brands from the movie you 'll see in the movie , that 's brand x.
now this brand , the springfield stadium , the staples center ...
these people will be connected to the movie forever .
and so the film will investigate this whole idea that 's what ?
i 'm a caring person .
that was more for emphasis .
it was forever , forever .
but we 're gonna make sure we sell every category in the movie .
so we might sell a shoe , and he 'll be the greatest shoe you 've ever worn ...
the greatest car you 've ever driven from the greatest movie ever paid , the greatest drink you 've ever had , a courtesy of the greatest movie ever paid .
so the idea is to show that stamps are part of life , actually , get them to finance the movie ?
and we 're actually showing the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole movie is transparency .
you 'll see the whole thing going on in the movie .
so that 's the whole concept , the whole movie , from beginning to end .
and i 'd be happy to see fit to make this work .
you know , it 's funny , because when i first heard it , it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don 't know how people will be receptive .
do you have any perspective i don 't want to use " angles " because that has a negative connotation but do you know how that 's gonna turn out ?
how much money does it take to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it 's gonna be hard to meet her , but i think it 's definitely worth addressing some really popular brands .
who knows , maybe when the movie comes out , we 'll look like a bunch of idiots .
how do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will most likely be no .
but is it a difficult thing about the movie or a difficult thing because of me ?
both .
... means not so optimistic .
so , sir , can you help me ?
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out which stamps .
yeah .
if you look at the people you 're dealing with ...
there are some places we can turn to .
turn off the camera .
i thought , " turn off the camera " meant we wanted to run a video game .
turns out it actually meant , " we don 't want anything to do with your movie . "
and just like that , all those companies disappeared one by one .
nobody wanted anything to do with the movie .
i was amazed .
they didn 't want anything to do with the project .
and i was confused because i thought the whole idea of advertising was to present your product to as many people as possible , let as many people see it .
especially in today 's world , this interface of new and old media and the dismembered sex organs , it 's not the idea of being in this new exciting business that brings this news to the masses .
no , that 's what i thought .
but see , the problem was that my idea had a fatal flaw , and this was this .
actually , no , that wasn 't the mistake at all .
that wouldn 't have been a problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but what this picture represents is a problem .
look , if you 're going to enter transparency with the security camera , this is one of the first images that appears .
i really like your style , sergey pavlovich .
that was the problem : transparency free of deception and deceit , simply to discover and see through ; immediately understood ;
you know , we 're hearing a lot about transparency right now .
our politicians say so , our president says so , even our ceos say it .
but when it comes to doing it , something changes .
well , transparency is terrifying , like this weird bear still roars .
she 's like this weird highway .
and it 's also very risky .
what else is risky ?
eat a whole bowl of cool whip .
it 's very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story , they said , " no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . "
look , when i was a kid and my dad caught me lying , and there he is , looking at me with that look , he 'd say , " son , there are three versions of each story .
there 's your version , there 's my version , and there 's the real version . "
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
so what they started to understand or what i started to understand was that when you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your badge is understood is a comprehensive problem .
i 've got friends who make big , giant douche bags , and i 've got friends who make little baby wipes like me .
and my friends , who make big , giant screen movies , say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the video they have .
and then my friends , they say , " well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant douche bags ? "
and the movie is called " the greatest movie ever paid . "
so how exactly are we gonna see ban in the movie ?
every time i go , and every time i open the medicine cabinet , they 'll see ban deodorant .
and every time i interview someone , i can say , " are you fresh enough for this interview ?
you look a little nervous .
i want to help you calm down .
so maybe you should hang up a little of this before the interview . "
and then we offer one of those great scents .
either fusion or a paradise wind , you 'll have a choice .
we 'll be equipped for both men and women - - -- or flash drive , whatever .
that 's the short version .
now i can answer all your questions and give you an unbiased version .
we 're a smaller brand .
the way you talked about the smaller movies , we 're a challenger as a brand .
so we don 't have a budget like other brands .
so doing stuff like that , you know , reminds people of ban that 's kind of why we 're interested .
in what words would you describe ban ?
ban 's broke .
that 's a great question .
superior technology .
technology is not the way to describe something that someone is doing under their armpits .
we 're talking about bold , fresh .
i think " fresh " is a great word that this category really makes a difference , unlike " fighting smell and humidity . "
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh longer , fresh , fresh , three times fresher ?
this kind of thing has a cumulative effect .
and this is a family portrait .
what about me ?
i need to talk to the man on the street who 's just like me .
tell me about my badge .
how would you describe your badge ?
hmm , my badge ?
i don 't know .
i really like nice clothes .
- ' 80s revival hits revival , except laundry day .
all right , what 's the brand , gerry ?
unique .
i think the genre , the style i have is dark glamour .
i like a lot of black colors , lots of colors and stuff .
but i usually have an accessory , like sunglasses , or jewelry and stuff .
if dan was a brand , he 'd probably be a classic mercedes convertible .
the brand i am is , i 'd say , smooth fly .
i don 't know .
man 3 :
i sell travel documents all over the country , worldwide .
so i think this is my badge .
that 's my badge in my little distorted industry .
my badge is fedex because i deliver goods .
brand new zealand hack .
can you do that ?
i 'm a lawyer .
i 'm tom .
well , we can 't all be the glamorous type , but i often see myself as the interface of dark glamour and flying .
and what i realized was that i needed an expert .
i needed someone to get inside my head , someone who could really help me understand what they call the " corina . "
and that 's how i found a company called olson karisson .
they 've helped companies like industry leaders , investment firms , financial institutions to discover these financial institutions .
if you could do it for them , i 'm sure you could help me .
you brought your pictures , right ?
the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little how that connects to your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people who shape my carbon footprint .
tell me about this world .
i think your world is the world where you live like people around you , the friends , the family , the way you live your life , the work and all .
all these things come from a place , and they come for me and start with my family in west virginia .
what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
this was the best day of my life .
in what context does that relate to the thoughts and feelings about yourself ?
it 's what i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird .
tell me about the why ? what brings you ?
what 's the machete ?
what does the red represent ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little more about you than you are .
what other test results did you run ?
what kind of roller coaster are you in ?
no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
all right .
yeah , i don 't know what 's gonna happen .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was this idea that her favorite singer was two separate , but on opposite sides , the morgan nordenstrle is a lost brand .
they complement each other very well .
and i think there 's almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will only focus on one strength instead of both .
what other brands are like that ?
first one 's a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , target , wii , mini of mini cooper and funnel .
well , there 's playful brands and badges , those things that come and go , but a playful brand is a pretty strong thing .
what 's your badge ?
if someone asked you to describe your employment history , your employment history , how about it ?
are you something that puts the blood in perspective ?
or are you more of a sex maniac ?
are you something a little quieter , gentler , conservative ?
amateur porn is things that are playful , fresh as the fresh prince , contemporary , adventurous , edgy and smooth as erol flynn , agile , dominating , magical and mystical like gandalf .
or are you more of a sex maniac ?
are you aware and aware like 007 ?
are you established , traditional , nurturing , compassionate like oprah ?
are you reliable , stable , familiar , safe , secure , sacred , considered and wise like the dalai lama or yoda ?
over the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies up and down , and they said no because they didn 't want to be part of the project .
they didn 't want anything to do with this film because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
they told us to tell the story of how we tell the story in this movie that these days , you use brain cells to make both advertising and movies .
we went to sao paulo , where they said no .
the whole town hasn 't seen a television set in five years , no posters , no flyers , nothing .
and we used to drive to industrial areas where companies make their way through schools all over america .
the incredible thing for me is that the projects i got most of the feedback or where i had the greatest success are the ones where i deal directly with things .
and that 's what those stamps did ,
because you bypassed the middleman , you bypassed the agencies , and you said that maybe the agencies aren 't really interested .
i 'll deal with the artist directly .
i will work with him and create something completely different , something that will make people think that our world view is challenging .
and how was that for you ?
well , since the movie opened at sundance , let 's take a look .
the premiere was in january , and ever since then , and that 's not even the whole thing has been 900 million hits from this movie .
that actually covers two and a half weeks .
it 's just no press online , no tv .
the film hasn 't been delivered yet .
he 's not even online .
he hasn 't gotten out of other countries yet .
well , after all , the film has gained a very large momentum .
and that 's not bad for a project where almost every ad agency we talked to recommended your client not to touch it .
what i firmly believe in is that if you take your chance , take risks that are in these risks .
i think if you stop people from doing it , you bring them closer to failure .
i believe that if you train your employees to avoid risks , you prepare the entire company for profit .
i have a feeling we need to encourage people to take risks .
we need to encourage people not to be afraid of possibilities that might scare them .
after all , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
welcome the fear .
one big spoonful each , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
nowadays , more than ever , a little honesty gets us very far .
and in other words , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk of welcome has been brought to you by my good friends of mine who paid $ 500,000 for the ebay auction .
big data is turned into big opportunities for organizations all over the world .
_
thank you .
well , morgan , on behalf of transparency , what exactly happened to the $ 93,000 ?
that 's a great question .
i 've got a check in my pocket , written to the insurance company , the credit card company , paid a check in the amount of $ 100 bills to fund my insurance claim next year .
my name is amit .
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i got excited about doing something with museums and art .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of fun negotiations and stories , i can tell you , at 17 very interesting museums from nine countries .
but i will focus on the demonstration .
there 's a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this foil and your access .
i grew up in india .
i 've been given a great education - - i 'm not complaining - but i 've had no access to many museums and art galleries .
when i went to visit these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i was working for google , i was trying to make this yearning - make art more accessible with technology .
we made a team , a great team , and we started this .
i 'll probably start the demonstration and tell you some interesting things that have happened since takeoff .
so you just go to shinjitsu .
you can look around all these museums here .
there 's the olympic museum , moma , the hermitage , the hermitage , the van gogh .
i even come to one of my favorites , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you get two ways in - - very simple .
click , and pop , you 're in this museum .
it doesn 't matter where they are - - bombay , mexico , it doesn 't matter .
you go around and have fun .
you want to get your bearings at the museum ?
open the card and jump with a click .
they 're in , they want to get to the end of the hall .
go ahead .
browse .
thanks , but the best is yet to come .
so now i 'm in front of one of my favorite , patron of pieter 's dinner parties at the met .
i see this baby face .
if the museum gave us the picture , click on it .
this is one of the pictures now .
this is all metadata .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here , but i click this now .
this is one of the images we 've been holding with what we 've been called the phantom menace .
for example , this picture has about 10 billion dollar bills , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , " what do you get for 10 billion dollar bills ? "
let me show you .
it 's very easy to get in and out .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i realized there was something going on .
and i thought , " wait a minute , that sounds interesting . "
i got close , and i was beginning to realize that these kids actually hit something .
i did some research , talked to some of the acquaintances at the met , and i actually found out that it 's a game called sagittarius , where a goose is beaten with a stick .
apparently , it was quite popular .
i don 't know why you did it , but i learned something about it .
to really get close , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the rundown , i 'll zoom in , see what you can get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
the best part is ... in a second .
let 's jump to moma , get back to new york .
another favorite painting of mine .
the previous example was about finding details ,
but what if you want to see the brushstrokes ?
and what if you want to see how van gogh made this masterpiece ?
you can really go in .
i 'm gonna zoom in on one of my favorite paintings until i 'm really at the cracks .
it 's probably never seen this before .
now i 'll show you my favorite function .
there are many more , but i don 't have the time .
that 's the really cool part . it 's called collections .
each of them , each - - rich or poor , whether they have a great house - doesn 't matter .
you can go ahead and create your own museum online , from all these pictures , you can start your own collection .
it 's simple , you go in , and i created this , it 's the power of the zoom - you can go in .
this is the envoy , in the diplomatic pouch .
you can make notes , send your friends , and start a conversation about how you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think , in closing , the main thing for me is that all this wonderful stuff doesn 't come from google .
i don 't think they 're even from the museums .
maybe i shouldn 't say that .
they 're from the artists .
and that was an experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope we can live up to this digital medium of art and represent it neatly online .
and the biggest question i 'm asked the other day is , " did you do this to replicate the experience of a nuclear physicist ? "
the answer to that is no .
it should complement the experience .
that 's the point .
thank you .
this is a rendering of your brain .
that 's the left half that 's the logical side and then the right half that 's the intuitive side .
if we had a scale to measure the frequency of every hemisphere , we could represent your brain .
for example , that someone who 's completely logical .
that would be someone completely intuitive .
now , where would you position your brain on that scale ?
some of us may have chosen one of those extreme ones , but i think that for most people in the audience , her brain looks like this with a high security camera that 's in both sides at once .
it 's not like they 're both exclusive or anything .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the individuals , along with most of the other experimental specimens , needing a good share of logic to combine the complex ideas .
but at the same time , we need a good share of intuition to actually carry out the experiments .
well , we love playing with things .
so we go out and play with it and see how it reacts , and then we start to develop our intuition there .
they 're basically doing the same thing .
so one of the science projects you 've developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be in one place at the same time .
i mean , it can sound weird thinking that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you weren 't born with that idea , you developed it .
i remember seeing a kid playing on a piano bench .
he was just a toddler and not very good at it , and he kept falling .
but i 'll bet gambling that playing with the school board taught him a very valuable lesson , which is big things don 't just let you pass , and they stay put .
and this is a great scale model of the world , as long as you 're not a model citizen .
it would be a terrible model for a cricket player , because they don 't play with toy guns , but with these little weird pieces .
and when you 're playing with your particles , you find all kinds of strange things like flying right through walls , or you can be in two different places at the same time .
and so you wrote down all those observations and called them the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was physics a few years ago , you needed quantum mechanics to describe the tiny particles .
but they didn 't need to describe the great mundane objects around us .
it didn 't like my intuition , and maybe it 's because i don 't play with particles that much .
well , i play with them sometimes , but not very often .
and i 've never seen her before .
i mean , nobody 's ever seen a particle .
but my logical side didn 't like it either .
because if all things are made of particles and all these pieces follow the rules of quantum mechanics , shouldn 't everything just follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i see no reason why that shouldn 't be .
so i 'd feel a lot better about the whole thing if we could somehow show that quantum mechanics follow the rules .
so a few years ago , that 's what i was doing .
i created one .
this is the first object you 'll be able to see that was in the late 1800s .
so what we 're looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see that green dot right there in the middle .
that 's the piece of metal i 'm about to talk about .
it 's a picture of the object .
we 're looking right at the center .
and here 's a really big close-up of that little piece of metal .
so what we 're looking at is a little piece of metal shaped like a stepping stone and it 's over the edge .
so i did this thing similar to making a computer chip .
i went to a clean room with new equipment , and i spent 100 hours on all the big equipment .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine to get this one like a swimming pool shaped hole and the thing .
this thing has the ability to be in the nicu , but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , when i 'm alone in the elevator , i do all kinds of weird stuff , but then other people get involved , and i stop doing all these things because i don 't want to bother you with it , or , frankly , you 're babbling .
so quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects feel the same way .
the passenger for broken objects are not just people , but also the light that shines on them and the wind that sweeps past them and the heat of the room .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was behaving erratically , we had to expel all the passengers .
and that 's what we did .
we turned off the light , put it in a vacuum , and breathed all the air , and up until almost now , all alone in the elevator , the piece of metal was free to act like it always wanted .
so we measured his movements .
we realized it was really moving .
instead of just laying there quietly , it lingered .
by giving him a little push , we were able to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate something only allowed in quantum mechanics .
so what i 'm telling you right now is something truly fantastic .
what 's it mean to vibrate at the same time and not vibrate ?
let 's think about the atoms .
so the first case , all the trillions of atoms that the piece of metal lie still there and at the same time , the same atoms move up and down .
they only match precise angles .
the rest of the time , they 're gone .
that means every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the entire piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that 's really cool .
really .
it was worth it to keep me in that clean room for all this year , because check it out , the particle accelerator between a single atom and this piece of metal is about the difference between the piece of metal and you .
so if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time , this piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
i mean , that 's just what my logical side says .
so , imagine being in several places at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would your consciousness handle the fact that your body 's in the room ?
there 's another aspect to the story .
when we pulled it out , turned off the lights and put the box in , we saw the piece of metal was always there in one piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it would look like all the objects in the elevator are really just quantum objects that are converging in a small room .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics says everything 's connected to everything .
well , that 's not quite right ;
there 's more to it than that .
the thing is , these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that 's the weird and weird of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that we should consider economic development as we think .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they want to live and work , they 're given the opportunity to choose at least a handful of different cities that are all in competition for new people .
right now , we 're far from that target .
there are billions of people in south america who don 't even have a single city available to welcome you .
but the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth so much more than it costs to build them .
so we could very easily equip the world with small arms , maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd to you , if you 've never thought about new cities .
why don 't you just trade apartments for towns ?
imagine half the people who want to live in apartments would already do this , but not the other half .
you could try to expand the capacity of existing apartments .
but do you know what you 'd be getting into , in these apartments and their environment , there are laws to avoid complaints and distract from expansion .
so it turns out to be very difficult to accommodate all these extensions .
but you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new block , assuming the laws there would support such a building and not interfere .
so i suggested that governments create new areas that offer room for a city and give them a name - charter cities .
later i found out that about the same time javier and octavio were thinking about the challenge of reform in honduras .
in the summer of 2009, honduras was suffering from a massive oil spill .
in the next fiscal election , pepe lobo won in a landslide , which promised both innovation and arbitration .
he asked octavio to be his chief of staff .
in the meantime , i was preparing for a lecture at whitbrook-balsille .
by improving , testing , and by examining fences , i 've been trying to reduce this complicated concept of charter city to the essential elements .
the first item is the importance of laws , laws that determine that you are not to be disturbed by existing law .
we pay great attention to new technologies , but progress requires technology and laws , and it 's usually laws that hold us back .
in the fall of 2010, a friend from guatemala octavio sent the link to the tattoo parlor .
the one who showed it to javier .
they called me .
and said , " let 's present this to the chairman of our country ! "
so we met in december in the boardroom of a hotel in miami .
i 've been trying to make it clear how valuable cities are to how much more valuable they are than they cost .
and i 've been using these graphics to show how valuable scrap metal is in a place like new york .
but it was a pretty abstract discussion in a place where there was a break , octavio said , " paul , maybe we could take a look at the pool table . "
that 's why i was asked by the president of honduras , who felt that we need to realize this project is important , and that this is the way to move our country .
i 've been asked to come to kootwijk and give another lecture on fourth and fifth january .
so i gave another lecture filled with facts that included a chart like this , trying to illustrate that if you want to make a lot of value in a city , it must be a very big city .
this is a picture of the city of denver , and the sketch represents the new airport built in denver .
this airport alone has an area of 100 square miles .
so i 've been trying to convince the culpers to build a new city , start with an area of at least 1,000 square miles .
that 's over 250 thousand acres .
everyone applauded politely .
the faces of the audience were very serious and thoughtful .
the head of congress came up to the stage and said , " professor romer , i 'd like to thank you for your lecture , but could we have a look at the staff meeting ?
i have it here on my laptop . "
so i sat down , and you played the tag .
and i 've come to the conclusion that a new city offers people new opportunities .
there 's a way to live in a city that 's in honduras instead of hundreds of miles north .
and a new city includes new opportunities for executives .
we 've entered an area .
this picture is from this place .
it takes a thousand square miles of nothing .
and shortly after that , on january 19th , you voted in congress for a change in the constitution to have a constitutional provision that is admissible in special court .
in a country that just went through a violent crisis , congress was elected to vote 124 in that vote .
all parties , all societies , supported this .
to be part of the constitution , it has to be approved twice by congress .
on february 17 , it was twice approved by 114 to a voice .
right after this election , between the 21st and the 24th of february , a delegation from about 30 countries traveled to the two places in the world most interested in getting into the business of the united states .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big new downtown town built in south korea bigger than downtown boston .
everything you can see on this picture was built within four years after receiving the permits .
the other place that was very interested in the bombing is singapore .
two cities have been built in china and the third is in preparation .
so if you 're practically thinking about it , that 's where we are today .
you already have a field goal , and you 're already considering this area for the second city .
they 're already working on a legal system that allows managers to attend , and they 're also working on an outside legal system .
a country has already offered to place its supreme court at its disposal as a court of appeals to the existing judicial system .
there 's also a lot of interest in foreign affairs .
they even bring funding .
one thing you already know , there are many tenants .
there are many enterprises that would like to settle in america , especially in a place with a capital city , and there are many people who would like to live there .
there are 700 million people all over the world who say they want to live in another place permanently .
a million people leave latin america every year and migrate to the united states .
many of them are fathers who are forced to leave their families behind to work , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn enough money to afford food and clothing .
unfortunately , sometimes they 're even children trying to find their parents , in some cases , they haven 't seen them in a decade .
so what 's the idea of thinking about building a whole new city in honduras ?
or even build dozens of these cities , or spread hundreds all over the world ?
so what 's the idea of insisting that every family has a choice between towns that are competitive with new residents ?
that 's an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras asked me to say thank you , ted .
do you know how many choices you make on a typical day ?
do you know how many choices you make in a typical week ?
i recently conducted a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions a typical american makes in a day is 70 .
also , a recent study with c.e.o.s watching the ceos for a week .
and these scientists just documented the various issues that these ceo deals with and how much time they spent making decisions related to the issues .
and you found out that an average ceo deals in 139 assignments during the week .
each one of these subjects , of course , consisted of many , many minor decisions .
50 % of your decisions were made within nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 % of your choices , you needed an hour or more of your time .
think of your own decisions .
do you know how many choices you make in the nine minutes category of the one in the one hour ?
how good do you think you are at managing the decisions ?
today , i 'd like to talk about one of the greatest mysteries of our modern day , the doomsday device .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , when i talk about this problem , i 'm gonna ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , lift because i 'm blind , only the hand if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i 'm asking you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is yes , so , my first question for today is , are you ready to hear about the intersect project ?
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very exclusive grocery store ; at least back then , it was really exclusive .
it was a place called biggerson 's .
this business , it was almost like an amusement park .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and over two dozen different kinds of water and that was at a time when we actually drank tap water .
i loved going to this business , but at one point , i was wondering , well , how come you never buy anything ?
here 's the olive oil aisle .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those trapped in boxes that came from a thousand years old .
so one day i decided to visit the branch manager , and i asked the manager , " does this model really work for people to offer all these possibilities ? "
and he pointed to tourists coming in every day with their cameras .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose jam for our experiment .
here 's your assigned passage .
they had 348 different kinds of jam .
we set up a small surveillance camera right at the entrance of the store .
we put in six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we looked at two things- - first of all , what case would more people stop and try jam ?
more people stopped when it was 24 , about 60 % than when it was six , about 40 % .
and then we looked at what case people bought a jar of jam .
now we 've seen the reverse effect .
of the people who stopped when it was 24 only three percent actually bought a jar of jam .
of the people who stopped when it was six , well , now we 've seen that 30 % of them actually bought a jar of jam .
well , if you did the math , people bought a jar of jam six times more than if you had 24 to choose from .
well , deciding not to buy a glass of jam is probably good for us , at least it 's good for our waistline , but it turns out the brain problem is affecting us at very competitive decisions .
we don 't decide , even if it 's against our best interests .
on the topic of the day , financial saves .
i 'm going to describe to you a study that i 've been conducting with cia agents , emir hussain , wei , in which we watched the decisions regarding the pension of almost a million americans in roughly the united states .
and what we looked at was whether the number of payments were possible for an offshore account that influenced the likelihood that more will be saved for tomorrow .
and we found out there was a connection .
so in these plans , we had some elaborate plans that offered people anything between two to 59 different funds .
and what we found out was that the more funds were offered , that , in fact , attendance was lower .
now , if you look at the extreme , the plans that have offered two funds , there 's still an increase in the 70s that we want .
in the plans that offered almost 60 mutual funds , the stock market now fell to roughly the sum total .
now it turns out that even if you were willing to participate , if there were more choices , even then , there are negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate rather that the more available options were available to them , the more they avoided choosing stocks and funds .
the more opportunities you had at your disposal , the sooner you put all your money into pure bargaining chips .
none of these extreme decisions are part of the choices that anyone would recommend if we cared about their future financial well-being .
well , for the past ten years , we 've seen three major negative consequences for offering more and more choices .
you 're postponing the decision , even if it 's against your best interest .
you make worse decisions , worse financial and worse medical decisions .
you choose things that make you less satisfied , even if you make the lenses better .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy looking at these huge shelves of peanut brittle , mustard , vinegar and jam , but we can 't , in fact , compare and then actually pick something out of the fantastic offer .
so , what i 'm proposing today is four simple techniques that we 've tested in different ways and various ways that you can just use in your business .
first , restrict .
you 've heard it before , but it 's never been more real than it is now .
people are always worried when i say " limit . "
they 're always worried they 're losing antimatter containment .
when proctor and gamble reduced the various head shoulders of 26 to 15 , they experienced an increase in sales by 10 % .
when the golden cat corporation sold their 10 lowest sales pitch , they realized that profits by 87 % are a result of both , the increase in sales and reducing costs .
you know , the average bake sale today offers you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart offers 100,000 products today .
but the biggest supermarket in the world today is walmart 's supermarkets , and they 're only offering 1,400 products a kind of tomato sauce in cans .
every single harvard employee is now automatically participating in a business transaction .
those who really want to make a choice are offered 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
you know how people often say , " i don 't know how to limit it .
it 's all very important choices . "
and the first thing i ask the employees is , " tell me how the possibilities differ from each other .
and if your employees can 't tell you apart , neither can your clients . "
well , before we started this afternoon , i had a conversation with gary .
and gary said he was willing to offer a two-week paid vacation to the most beautiful street in the world .
here 's a description of the road .
and i 'd like to read them to you .
and now i 'm gonna give you a few seconds to read it , and then i 'm gonna ask you to clap when you 're ready to accept gary 's offer .
anyone willing to take gary 's offer .
is that all ?
all right , let me show you some more of this .
you knew there was a trick , right ?
well , who 's ready for this trip ?
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , you objectively had more information the first time , than the second time , but i dare say you felt it more real the second time .
because the images made it feel more real to you .
which brings me to the second technique that will help you deal with the problem of quantum mechanics , it 's the quantum theory .
the point is that to understand the difference between possibilities , people have to understand the consequences associated with the individual choices , and those consequences must be vivid and concrete .
why do average people spend 15 to 30 % more when they use a credit card or a credit card than cash ?
because it doesn 't feel like real money .
and it turns out if you can make something feel specific , it 's a very good tool to get people to save more .
and during this meeting , we kept this meeting exactly as it always was , only we added a little something .
the little thing we added was that we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving money .
third technique :
we can handle more categories than more choices .
for example , here 's a study we did in a physics lab .
turns out it 's got supermarkets up and down in the northeast area , the numbers between 331 different types of magazines to high profile magazines .
but you know what ?
because the categories tell me how to separate them .
here are two different sets of eyes .
one is called jazz and the other is called swing .
if you think the left ad is swing and the ad is jazz , clap your hands .
okay , there are a few .
if you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , please clap .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out you 're right .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
this is a highly useless poker game .
the categories must speak to the leader , not to whom he provides the selection .
and you often see that problem when you look at the long lists of all these funds .
who are you trying to tell ?
my fourth technique is a prerequisite for complexity .
turns out we can handle more information than we think we need to simplify .
we need to increase the complexity slowly .
i 'll show you an example of what i mean .
let 's take a very , very complicated decision , buy a car .
here 's a german intelligence officer offering you a chance to completely configure your car .
you need to make 62 different decisions to completely design your car .
now these choices differ in the number of choices you offer per decision .
i have 56 possibilities .
engines , transmission four possibilities .
what i 'm doing now is changing the order in which the decisions appear .
half the customers go from many opportunities , 56 sales to the low possible , four gears .
the other half of the customers are off the grid , four gears , the 56 channels , many possibilities .
what am i looking at ?
how interested you are .
if you keep taking advantage of the decision , it means you 're getting overwhelmed , the leverage , i 'm losing you .
what you find out is that the people who go from the crowd to the low zones keep voting over and over again .
we 're losing her .
go from the few choices to the many , then stick to them .
it 's the same information .
the only thing i 've done is change the order that information is presented .
when i start with the easy one , i learn how to swim .
even though the transmission doesn 't tell me about my preferences in the interior , it still prepares me to choose .
it also upsets me about the big product i 'm putting together , and so i 'm willing to be motivated by interest .
let me get this straight .
i 've told you about four techniques that limit the problem of the motor pool , you 'll get rid of the redundant alternatives ;
any of these techniques i 'm describing to you today is designed to help you manage the possibilities well for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service to .
because i think the key to choosing is to be picky about choices .
and the more we choose , the better we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
hi .
that 's right .
today we want to talk about how videos go viral , and then why that 's even important .
we all want to be stars - celebrities , singers , singers - when i was young , it seemed so incredibly difficult .
but corporate espionage has allowed us all or all our creative activities to become incredibly famous in a part of our world 's culture .
any one of you could be famous through the internet by next saturday .
but youtube uploaded more than 48 hours of video a minute .
once again , only a tiny percentage will ever go viral and look at thousands of times and such a cultural moment .
so how does this work ?
three things : surprise visits , surprise visits and the unexpected .
here we go .
oh , my god .
oh , my god !
whoa !
come on !
last year , bear vasquez sent this video he filmed outside his house in yosemite .
in 2010 , it was watched 23 million times .
this chart shows what it looked like when the video was first popular last summer .
actually , bear didn 't want to make a late-night video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow ,
because that 's what you do when you 're called yosemite mountain bear .
he uploaded a lot of data files .
and this video was actually broadcast in january .
what happened here ?
jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel sent the tweet that eventually made the video so popular .
'cause corporate executives like jimmy kimmel are introducing new and interesting things and showing a big audience .
rebecca black 's friday is one of the busiest videos of the year .
it 's been watched almost 200 million times this year .
that 's what the graphics looked like .
looks like double rainbow came out of nowhere .
what happened that day ?
well , it was friday , that 's true .
if you want to know , those other peaks are fridays , too .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , pop it up , a lot of blogs started writing about it .
michael j. nelson of mystery science theater was a first to make a joke about it on twitter .
the important thing is that an individual or group of saboteurs took a stand with a large audience and accelerated the process .
then this community formed by people who shared this big inside joke and talking about it and playing with it .
now there are 10,000 parody of " friday " on youtube .
in the first seven days , there was a parody of every single day of the week .
unlike the entertainment of the 20th century , attendance of the community is our way of becoming a part of this phenomenon , either by spreading it or making it something new .
" interactive cat " is animation and music on an endless loop .
that 's it , simple as that .
it 's been watched almost 50 million times this year .
and if you think that 's crazy , you should know there 's a video camera that 's been watched four million times .
even cats watch this video .
cats watch this video .
what 's important is the creativity that runs in the computer core and geeks .
there have been casualties .
someone made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
an entire military force fired from the ground that turned it from some stupid joke to something we can all participate in .
today we don 't just enjoy something , we join .
who could have foreseen all this ?
who could have predicted double rainbow or rebecca black or cat ?
what scripts could you have written in writing ?
in a world where every minute two days of footage is uploaded , only truly unique and unexpected can stand out like the videos you mentioned .
i admit i wasn 't very interested when a friend told me to watch this great video about a guy protesting parking tickets in new york city .
i got a parking ticket because i didn 't drive on the freeway , but there 's a lot of disabilities that don 't make you drive decent .
since that was completely surprising and humorous , casey rowe 's humorous idea and his argument has been reviewed five million times .
this approach applies to anything new we do creatively .
and all this leads us to the one big question ...
what does that mean ?
ohhhh .
what does that mean ?
financial firms , creative backgrounds , totally unexpected , are the features of a new kind of media and culture that everyone has access to and where the audience determines popularity .
like i said , one of the biggest stars currently - justin bieber made his start on youtube .
no one has to give your ideas the green light .
and today , we all feel like owners of our pop culture .
and these aren 't the features of the old media , and they barely hit the media today , but they 'll determine the future 's entertainment .
thank you .
the story 's not over yet .
she 's a puzzle still being put together .
i 'd like to tell you about some of the gang members .
imagine the first piece , a man who burns his life 's work .
he 's a poet , a writer , a man whose entire life has been held together by the simple hope of unity and freedom of his homeland .
keep an eye on him when the communists invaded saigon , how he must admit that his life was a waste .
the words , as long as his friends , now proclaim his .
he retreated into silence .
he died , broken by history .
he 's my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
i had to make sure it wasn 't for nothing , and it was my job to learn that history was trying to crush us , but we made it through .
the next piece shows a boat leaving quietly at sea in the early dawn .
my mother may was 18 when her father died - already in an arranged marriage , with two little girls .
for her , life had given her a purpose , the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
there was no way she could fail .
after a four-year-old and best-selling author , a boat slid silently onto the sea , disguised as a fishing boat .
all adults were aware of the risks .
they were afraid of pirates , rape and death .
like most adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little baby blanket .
with a capture , my sister and i would have drunk it ourselves and my grandmother .
my first memories are of this boat - the constant flow of motor , the applause of every wave on the bow , the vast and empty horizon .
i don 't remember the pirates who came many times , but were fooled by the men on our boat or the engine failure that wouldn 't start for six hours .
no apple has ever tasted like this again .
after three months in a refugee camp , we ended up in melbourne .
and the next piece is about four women in three generations who build a new life together .
we settled in industrial areas , a working-class suburb , whose population is comprised of industrial areas .
unlike those of us who lived in the caves , whose existence was completely unknown to me , there was no trace of any kind in ancient history .
the smells from the rafters came from the rest of the world .
and the pieces of broken glass were exchanged between people who had one thing in common : they started again .
my mother worked on farms , then on a conveyor belt , six days , double shifts .
she somehow managed to find the time to acquire english and language skills .
we were poor .
every dollar was assigned and put into further training for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to give up , most of the time , the new stuff was always secondhand .
two pairs of socks for school , each to cover the holes in the other .
a school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
and there were the rare but painful choirs of gook and here and there , " asians , go home . "
home where ?
something inside me .
there was a meeting to make up and a quiet voice said , " i 'll get out of your way . "
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other about our day and listened to our grandmother 's movements in the house .
my mother had nightmares about the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night until her nightmares came so i could wake her up .
she opened up a storefront , then made a business opening .
and the women came with their stories about men who couldn 't stand the change , angry and inflexible children , trapped between two worlds .
loans and sponsors were wanted .
centers have been established .
i lived in thirsk .
in one , i was the classic asian student who met unrelenting requirements .
on the other hand , i was involved in unsafe lives carrying tragic scars of violence , substance abuse and insulation .
but so many have gotten help over the years .
and because of that help , my last year of residency , i was chosen as a young australian of the year .
and i was ejected from one piece of the puzzle to the next , and the margins didn 't match .
tan le , anonymous letters of transit , was now tan le , refugee and social activist invited to lectures in places she 'd never heard of , and in walks of life she could never imagine .
i wasn 't familiar with etiquette .
i didn 't know how to use the cutlery .
i didn 't know how to talk about wine .
i didn 't know how to talk about anything .
i told my mother i couldn 't do it .
she reminded me that i was your age when we climbed the boat .
no was never an option .
" just do it , " she said . " and don 't be what you 're not . "
so i was talking about animal rights and education , and the neglect of disenfranchised and disenfranchised .
and the more open i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people in all directions , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the edge of the possible .
and even though i graduated , i realized i couldn 't settle for a career in law .
there had to be another piece of the puzzle .
and i realized at the same time it 's okay to be an outsider , a new arrival , not only okay , but something to be thankful for , maybe a gift from the boat .
because belonging can lead to the collapse of the horizons so easily , you can accept the assumptions of the environment .
i 've gone out of my comfort zone enough to know that , yes , the world is falling apart , but not as you 'd expect .
opportunities that weren 't allowed were specifically encouraged .
there was an energy , an relentless optimism , a strange mixture of humility and modesty .
so i followed my gut .
i gathered a small team of people around me that the drawer couldn 't be an irresistible challenge .
we didn 't have a dime for a year .
at the end of each day , i cooked a huge pot of soup that we shared .
we worked late in the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we made the breakthrough .
i made the decision to move to the united states ,
after only one trip there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved and the adventure went on .
before i finish the lecture , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time where social norm and local mandarin were the most important person .
life hadn 't changed in centuries .
her father died shortly after she was born .
her mother raised her alone .
at 17 , she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
without her husband 's support , she created a sensation by taking him to court and being a prosecutor in her own case and a greater sensation than she won .
" can 't " proved untrue .
i just took a shower in a hotel room in sydney when she died a thousand miles away in melbourne .
i looked through the front door and saw her standing on the other side .
i knew she 'd come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes later .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in lucerne and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories and assured her we were still with her .
at midnight the monk came and said he had to close the coffin .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , " why is your hand so warm and the rest of it so cold ? "
" because you 've been holding her since this morning , " he said .
" you didn 't let go of her . "
if there 's a tape in our family , it runs through women .
seeing who we were and how life shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives might have gotten in our way .
defeat would have been too easy .
now i 'd like my own children , and i 'm still thinking about the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i 'm afraid of privilege , of ease , of generosity .
can i give you a bug in your life brave enough to defy any wave , the constant running of the engine , the wide horizon that guarantees nothing ?
i don 't know .
but if i could give this and get her through safely , i would .
besides , tans 's mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
i 'm here to share my photograph with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that 's a picture you can 't record with your camera .
yet my interest in photography began when i received my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
i combined it with my earlier taste for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera was actually the process of planning .
and if you take a picture with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
so for me , photography seemed more about being in the right place at the right time .
i thought anyone could .
so i wanted to create something else , something to start the process when the trigger gets pushed .
photos like this , a construction site along a much nicer road .
but there 's an unexpected twist .
and still keep a realistic level .
or photos like this - dark and colorful at the same time , but all with the common purpose of keeping a realistic level .
when i say reality , i mean reality .
because , of course , she 's not something you can really capture , but i always want to make it look like she could have , in a photo .
photos to take a moment to figure out the trick .
so it 's more about catching an idea than really a moment .
but what 's the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is this about the details or the colors ?
is this about the light ?
what makes the illusion ?
sometimes perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of the day , it 's about how we interpret the world and how it can be made tangible on a populated area .
it 's not about what 's realistic , it 's what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see you as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternate reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects with which we can all identify ourselves in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way combined , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that 's not possible .
so we outthink our brains , because our brain simply doesn 't accept that it doesn 't really make sense .
and i see the same process in combining photos .
it 's really all about combining different realities .
so the things that make a picture look realistic , i think it 's the things we don 't think about , the things around us in our everyday lives .
but if we combine photos , it 's really important to think about them , because otherwise they just look wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow to a realistic conclusion .
as you can see , these aren 't three special images .
combined , but you can create something special like this .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
secondly , combined photos should have the same distribution .
and these two images meet these two requirements - - fired from the same height and the same amount .
third , it 's about making it impossible to distinguish where the images begin and end by seamlessly connecting them .
makes it impossible to tell how the photo was actually assembled .
here 's another example .
you might think this is just a routine procedure and the bottom part was tampered with .
this picture is actually fully composed from photos of different places .
personally , i think it 's easier to create a place than to find a place , because you don 't have to compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it takes a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew it would take me several months to plan it , to find the various locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
for example , the fish had been taken on a fishing expedition .
the bank is from another place .
it 's from a quarry .
and , yes , i even drew the house up on the island red to make it look swedish .
to achieve a realistic outcome , it 's going to go from me to planning .
i always start with a sketch , an idea .
after that , it 's the combination of the various images .
and here 's every piece very well planned .
and when you get good shots , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also pretty realistic .
so all the tools are present , and the only thing limited is our imagination .
thank you .
i 'd like to talk to you about why so many electronic devices fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we introduced to the science fair was to hire an online buyer .
she doesn 't seem particularly scientific , she puts out a cup of coffee or tea and asks the patients , families , relatives , " how are you ?
how can we help you ? "
and we think we want to think that this is one of the key settings , why all - - maybe just most of the electronic devices fail because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite place .
she 's got a button on / off .
and every morning i jump on it .
and , yes , i have a task , as you might recognize .
i 've got my job at 95 kilos .
every time i jump on the scale , she sends my data to google health .
and that 's where they 're called from my pet store so he can see where my weight problem is , not just the moment i need backup or anything , but with a view of the past .
but there 's something else .
i have over 4,000 followers on twitter .
so every morning , i jump on my bucket list , and people are already talking to me before i 'm in the car , " for lunch , just a little salad today , lucien . "
but that 's the nicest thing that can happen because it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used against obesity , or patients could stop smoking .
it could also be used to get people out of their chairs and get them to play some kind of game together to better control their health .
starting next week , it 'll be on the market .
there 's gonna be this little sex tape you hook up to an iphone or something .
and it will allow people to take their blood pressure from home , send it to their doctor and share it with others for a little over $ 100 .
start hugging patients on the team .
and you can do that by methods like that , but by means of communication .
and one of the things we did , i want to share with you through a short video .
we have all the navigation systems in our cars .
maybe even on our phones .
we know exactly where all the atms are located around patapsco .
we know where all the gas stations are .
and , of course , we can find kentanna .
but where would the next patient be to help ?
we asked around , and nobody knew .
no one knew where to find the next life saving robot right now .
so , what did we do ?
we 've set up a web site and we 've asked an online website , " if you see a video blog , please share where it is , when it 's open , " because sometimes it 's closed during business hours , of course .
and over 10,000 precincts have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was finding the apps for that .
and we 've created a quantum matrix .
we 've developed an app for privacy , advanced reality to find this data storage facility .
and if you 're in a city like clockwork and someone breaks down , you can use your iphone , and within the next few weeks , you can also find the nearest subway platform that can save lives .
and as of today , we 'd like to introduce this not only as a product , but as a product .
and we want to take this to a worldwide level .
and we 're asking our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us act like children 's children in order to take care of the world .
and if you 're on vacation and someone breaks down , whether it 's your own kin or anyone else , you can find one of those things .
the other thing we 're asking for is that companies all over the world are helping us confirm these terrorist attacks .
these could be behavioral problems , or techs , for example , just to make sure that the reported crime scene is still in his place .
please help us with this and try not only to improve your health , but to take matters into your hands .
thank you .
today i will report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the art department .
and my little start-up wants us to force ourselves into the environment by ...
... paying attention to the school board .
here 's a short video of what we 're doing .
wait a minute .
it may take time to load it .
well , we can just skip that - - i 'll just skip the video instead ...
no .
that 's not ...
okay .
- what ?
oh , my time 's up already ?
thank you .
the program 's called code for america , and it 's kind of like computer nerds ' computer program .
we pick out a few extra shifts every year , and we let them work with drug lords .
instead of sending her to the third world , we send her to the third world .
and there they developed great apps working with city employees .
but what you 're really doing is showing what 's possible with technology today .
so meet al .
al 's a hydrant in boston .
how did he end up looking for help like that ?
we had a team in boston last year following the code for america program .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot last february .
and they realized the city never digs those hydrants free .
but a certain fellow , a man by the name of erik wredin , noticed something else , and that was that the residents were clearing sidewalks just before these parts .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
it 's a nice little app where you can adopt a hydrant .
you agree to shovel him free when it snows .
you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don 't , someone can take him away .
so there 's a nice little kitty cat .
this is a modest little app .
it 's probably the smallest of the 21 apps written in the last year .
but she 's doing something no other witch doctor does .
it 's spreading rapidly .
there 's this guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw that he could use that app , not for snow , but for the citizens to adopt animal rights .
it 's very important that these controls work , but people are stealing the batteries .
that 's how he got the citizens to check them out .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the clogged water pipes .
and chicago just put it in there so people could blow the whistle when it snows .
we now know nine cities planning to use this app .
and it spread smoothly , organic , of course .
if you know anything about animal behavior , you know it doesn 't usually work that way .
getting software usually takes a few years .
we had a team working on a project in boston last year that took three and a half months .
it was a method for parents to find out which are the right schools for their children .
we were told later that if it went through normal channels , it would have taken over two years , and it would have cost over $ 2 million .
and that 's nothing .
there 's a project in california justice that 's cost the taxpayers $ 2 billion so far , and it 's not working .
and there are projects like this on every level of the government .
so an app that 's written in a few days , and then it spreads from scratch is a kind of shot off the bow to the institution of the government .
it shows how the government can work better than a private enterprise , how many people think it should .
and not even the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that 's important .
but the important thing about this app is that it represents a new generation that deals with the problem of the government not as the problem of a monetary institution but as a problem of collective action .
and that 's very good news , because it shows we 're very good at collective trading with digital technology .
now there 's a large community of people making the tools we need to effectively handle things together .
it 's not just code for america trivia , there are hundreds of people all over the country who write up and write ads every day in their own communities .
they didn 't abandon the government .
you 're awfully frustrated with her , but you 're not complaining about fixing her .
and these people know something we 've lost sight of .
a lot of people gave up the government today .
and if you 're one of those people , i 'm asking you to think about it because things change .
politics don 't change ; the government is changing .
and because the government eventually draws its power from us ... remember , " we the people " ?
i didn 't know much about government when i started this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought the government was mostly about choosing people into office .
well , after two years , i 've come to the conclusion that it 's mostly about performance art .
this is the telephone center for service and information .
you usually get out there when you call 311 in your town .
so scott 's gonna get that book deal .
he types " opossum " into the official database .
and he doesn 't really have an idea .
and finally he says , " look , can you just open all the doors in your house and play very loud music and see if the cattle runs away ? "
and that worked .
but that wasn 't the end of the line .
boston doesn 't just have a calling center .
it has an app called " citizens ' comp " .
we didn 't write that app .
that 's the work of very smart people in the office of the new urban mechanics in boston .
one day , this is a leaked report - this came in - " opossum in my trash can . "
how do i get them removed ? "
but what happens to " citizens of leisure " is different .
scott was talking human to human .
but it 's all public so everyone can see it .
and in that case , a neighbor saw it .
and the next entry we got was , " i went over there , found the trash can behind the house .
possum ?
turned the trash can to the side .
good night , sweet opossum . "
pretty simple .
this is where digital meets physical .
and it 's also a good example of how to get the government into the federal building .
but it 's also a great example of the government as a platform .
and i don 't necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .
i 'm talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role here .
she connected these two people .
and you could have been linked to state services if that were required , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to state services .
if one neighbor helps the other , we strengthen our communities .
if we call the hotel manager , it 'll cost a lot of money .
one of the most important things to remember is that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think one is each other 's input .
that our contribution to the system is voting .
that 's because the government is like an ocean and politics are the top six inches .
and what 's underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use that word with such contempt .
but it 's this contempt that makes this thing that we own , and that we pay for something that works against us , something else , and then we overthrow ourselves .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that 's where the real estate deal is .
we need to get involved with the government 's machinery .
so the adoption agency did .
have you seen these guys ?
it 's a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed , detailed report that is an answer to the bill of rights over the bill of rights .
it 's not political . it 's political .
well , for those of us who abandoned the government , it 's time we thought about the world we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges they have to face .
do we really believe that we can accomplish what we must without improving the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it needs to be more efficient .
the good news is that technology makes it possible , the government 's function fundamentally destabilizing in a way that can actually accomplish something by strengthening society .
and there 's a generation that grew up on the internet that knows it 's not so hard to do things together , you just have to build the right systems .
so , unfortunately , i 'm almost a generation older than most of them .
this is a generation that grew up taking your voice for granted .
they 're not fighting this fight we 're all fighting to see who can speak ; they 're all allowed to speak .
you can express your opinion on every channel at any time , and you can .
so if you 're confronted with the government 's problem , you don 't care so much about using your voices .
they 're using your hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve government work .
and those apps are letting us use our hands to improve our communities .
could be digging a fire hydrant , weeding some weeds , turning a garbage can with a possum .
and sure , we could have smashed those hydrants all the time , and a lot of people do .
but these apps are like little digital memories , that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just consumers of the government paying taxes and receiving achievement .
we 're more than that , we 're citizens .
and we won 't improve the government until we improve citizenship .
thank you .
i 'm gonna start by showing you one dull plastic for a moment .
could you show me the foil , please ?
this is a foil i accidentally picked from my folder .
this isn 't about the details of the foil , it 's about the general shape .
this foil shows data from our analysis of the output of programmable processors compared to the performance of a local area network .
the interesting thing is that this foil , like some of the others , we often find in our field , is kind of a curve right now .
in other words , each step here corresponds to an potency in the space-time matrix .
and it 's a novelty that we have to use this guy on a scale of curves in the field of technology .
something very strange is happening here .
this is basically what i 'm gonna talk about here .
so if you could turn the light on , please .
a little lighter , because i 'm about to draw something on this paper .
well , why are we drawing boards in tech on curved curves ?
they 'll look like it .
and that doesn 't tell us much .
now , if i wanted to record another piece of technology , let 's just say a phase variance , that would come up very unreasonable on the scale of a flat line .
but if something like this happens here , it changes the circumstances .
so if the storm troopers were moving as fast as the train tracks , we could get in a cab the day after tomorrow and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
but it 's not that fast .
there 's never been in the history of cellular regeneration , this kind of exponential growth , which increases the production rate every few years .
the question i want to ask you now is if you look at these curved curves , you can see they don 't go on forever .
it 's not possible that everything is evolving forever and ever as quickly as it is now .
there are two possibilities :
either it 's going to be a classic urban legend like this until something completely new comes along , or this is going to happen .
that 's about it .
well , i 'm an optimist , so i think something like this is gonna happen .
if it really is , it means we 're in the middle of a transition right now .
we 're on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask myself is how this new world will be ?
what is this new condition the world is taking slowly ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing when you 're in the middle of it .
when i was a kid , the future was somewhere in 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in the year 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize the future is still in the year 2000 .
this is as far as we go .
so in other words , every year 's future has shrunk by a year since i 've been in this world .
i think the reason we 're realizing there 's something going on .
the transition is happening .
and we know that it just doesn 't make sense right now to try 30 or 50 years into the future , because everything 's gonna be so different that a simple version of what we 're about to make no sense .
i want to talk about what this could be , this transition we 're in right now .
to do this , i 'm going to talk about some other things that really have nothing to do with technology or computers .
because i think in order to really understand this , we need to step back and look at this thing on a longer scale .
and i 'd like to look at this on the face of the earth .
i think the big picture makes sense if you divided it into a few frames .
so let 's go back , 2.5 billion years .
now , if you look at the way these chemicals were organized , it gives us a pretty good picture of how they did it .
some of these home invasions contained a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and grow .
everyone who was like that started to split up .
these little specks of dust were like the most poisonous snakes in the world .
however , they weren 't approximately alive today because each one of them was just a small , random recipe of chemicals .
and every time it split up , the chemicals in it spread to excess amounts .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , the drops grew , which had a growth composition faster than others and integrated more and more chemicals from the outside and split faster .
so these basic elements were designed to survive longer , and they multiplied on a cellular level .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting is when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
in some way we don 't quite understand yet , this drop has learned the ability to write information .
you 've learned to store the recipe of the cell as information in a specific chemical form we call dna .
in other words , in this mindless evolutionary way , they found a way to write what they were made of , so that information could be stored and copied .
the amazing thing about saving that kind of information about the time of two and a half billion years that it was created remained the same .
in fact , the recipe is for us , our genes , from the exact same code and the same spelling .
each living thing uses the exact same letters and the same code .
we 're ready to write , just for the sake of argument , even in this code .
and i 've got 100 pieces of white powder i 'm trying to keep away from security at airports .
in it - - what i did , i took this code - - the code is made of ordinary letters , which we symbolize to use , and i wrote my calling card on a piece of dna and doubled it 10 times .
so if anyone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everyone in this room and even everyone in this world , and it 's right here .
if i was really selfish , i would have written you on a virus and released you into the room .
so what 's the next step ?
writing the dna was an interesting step .
and that 's what made them happy for another billion years .
but then another , very interesting step , where things became completely different , because these cells began to communicate and exchange information , so that communities of cells would emerge .
i don 't know if you knew this , but bacteria can actually change their dna .
that 's also why stability grows on antibiotics .
some bacteria figured out how to stay away from penicillin and put that information into dna with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria resistant to penicillin because the bacteria 's communicating with each other .
this communication has now allowed the basis of communities which were in the same boat in a sense ;
so they either survived together , or they went down together , which meant that if a community was successful , all individuals in the community were repeated and favored by evolution .
the dna structure is now where this communities are so close that they 've decided to write the recipe for the entire community into dna .
and the next interesting phase took about another billion years .
at this point , we have homes , communities of many solar masses , which act together as one organism .
as a matter of fact , we 're such a dedicated community .
we have many cells that are no longer on their own .
your skin cells are useless without brain cells , brain cells , etc .
so this communities began to evolve , so that the level where evolution took place was no longer the individual cell , but the entire cell structure we call an organism .
the next step was now within this communities .
the data centers have begun to unravel information .
and they developed specific structures that did nothing but process information inside the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so , the nerve cells are the most sophisticated these clone cells have built .
they started training specialists within the community , special structures responsible for learning , understanding , and holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of this communities .
this gave them an evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , an individual - studying happened within the span of a single organism 's lifespan rather than that evolutionary period .
so an organism could learn not to eat a particular fruit because it tasted bad and made him sick the last time he ate it .
this could now occur within the lifespan of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago , because that information had to be learned more precisely by the individuals who died because of this fruit , since these dna fragments weren 't present .
so the nervous system has the primary function of this particular nervous system because evolution could now occur within an individual .
it could take place within a time frame .
after that , the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
for example , the most common version of this language is the human language .
it 's a pretty amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , convoluted and confused idea in my head .
i 'm sitting here , basically , spouting off of me , hoping to create a similar confused idea in your head that bears a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , turn it into notes , a sequence of sounds , and produce something very complicated in other people 's minds .
so this allows us to function as a unified organism again .
and what we actually did , us , the human race , is we 've started to fight .
we 're going through the same steps that have been through corporate wars - - the abstraction of our methods , holding data , processing .
for example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
security cameras , computers , videotapes , security cameras , et cetera , et cetera , are all our proprietary mechanisms we 've built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects us all to something much bigger , and also capable of evolving faster than we 've been .
so today , evolution can happen in the amount of time travel .
you 've also seen koothrappali 's little chat room where he 's shown some evolution in the " s.n.t. " program right in front of you .
so now we 've reopened the threat assessment .
the first steps of the story i told you took a billion years apiece .
the next step , like the nervous system and the brain , lasted a few hundred million years .
then the next step , like language and all , lasted less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem only a few decades .
the process feeds on itself , and it becomes , i believe , technically , is the word for it- - when something increases its reproductive cycle .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that 's what we see here on this curve .
we see the process that feeds on itself .
i live professionally by building computers , and i know that i can 't use the mechanism i use to build computers without the recent advances in the computer industry .
my current occupation is designing objects with such high complexity , that it 's impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i don 't know what every transistor in the tri-state area does .
it 's got billions of them .
and she 's doing it partly by methods we don 't even understand yet .
a method that 's particularly interesting , and which i 've used a lot lately is evolution itself .
we 're installing an energy pulse in the machine that works in the control room .
for example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that develops from random instructions .
we say , " computer , please download a hundred million randomly selected sequences of instructions .
now , please execute all these randomly selected instructions , execute all the programs , and eventually choose the ones closest to me . "
so in other words , i define what i want first .
let 's say i want to sort numbers , that 's a simple example i 've already used for it .
so find programs closest to sorting numbers .
of course , the opportunity of randomly chosen instructions is very small that by chance they 're sorting numbers , so none of the instructions are actually going to do this .
but one of them might get two numbers in the right order with a little luck .
now i say , " computer , take the 10 % of the sequences closest to my specifications .
store these , erase the rest .
now everyone left to sort the numbers best .
with a method of reproduction , analog to reproduction . "
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their subroutines , and the children pass the characteristics of the two programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs created by combinations of programs that got a little closer to the specifications than others .
say , " please repeat this process . "
rate them again .
maybe initiate some mutations .
and try again with another generation .
all these generations require only a few milliseconds
and so i can run an evolution in the computer for millions of years in less than a few minutes , or in more cases , a few hours .
eventually , i get programs that can sort numbers perfectly .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have ever written by hand .
then when i look at these programs , i can 't tell how they work .
i tried to understand you .
they 're highly sophisticated programs .
but you do the job .
i know , and i 'm sure you 're doing the job because you 're from a series of thousands of programs that did the job .
because your life depended on whether you did the job right .
i sat once in a 747 with marvin gryska , he smashes a map and says , " oh , look at that .
it says , " this plane is made of hundreds of thousands of people working together to make their flight safer . "
we know it 's not ideal if it gets too complicated .
so we start relying on computers for a process that 's very different from the classic computer system .
he allows us to produce things with a much higher complexity than normal methods would allow us to produce .
and yet we don 't fully understand the possibilities of it .
so , in a way , we were taught by technology .
we 're using these programs now to speed up the computers so we 're able to process these processes even faster .
so it 's feedback .
it 's getting faster and faster , and i think that 's why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies today feed on themselves .
we 're taking off .
we 're at a point that 's analogous to the time that cyber attacks were developed to cyber attacks .
so we 're the amoebas , and we can 't quite figure out what the hell we 're actually creating here .
we 're in the middle of something .
but i really think there 's something after us .
i find it very arrogant of us to say that we are the product of evolution .
and i think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes next .
well , lunch is coming up , and i think i 'm gonna stop here right now before i get any worse .
my story starts right here in , like , two years ago .
i was under the starry sky in the desert with blazing star ali .
we talked about the fact that nothing has changed since the time of the ancient indian epic .
if we indians wanted to travel back then , we 'd jump into a car and jump across the sky .
now we do it with planes .
back when the great indian industrialist was thirsty , he took a bow , fired into the ground and water .
now we do it with machine guns and machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that really made me sad .
i got a little scared of technology .
it scared me that i could lose the ability to enjoy the sunset without a camera and no tweet to my friends .
i thought technology should make magic possible and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most powerful thing for me .
it became a golden gateway to a world full of pirates and vessels and pictures in my mind .
i felt like our fancy watches and cameras kept us from dreaming about it .
they kept us from being inspired .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use it to create magic instead of killing .
at 16 , i began to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to connect readers all over the world .
it can know how to hold it .
it can know where we are .
put together pictures and lyrics , and animation , sound and touch .
the primal need more and more senses .
but what do we do with it ?
i 'm just gonna go to anger management , an interactive ipad app .
it says , " put your fingers on every light . "
and so it says , " this box belongs ... "
and i 'm becoming a character in the book .
every once in a while , a letter falls down for me , and the ipad knows where i live by gps , which is right up to me .
the child inside me is really excited about these possibilities .
i 've talked a lot about magic .
i mean , not magicians and dragons , but childhood magic , the ideas we all had as children .
i always found fireflies in a jar very exciting .
that 's how you have to drop the ipad and let out the fireflies .
and they 're lighting the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a child , that an entire galaxy can be stuck in one marble .
and so every book and every world will become a little marble that i bring here to the magic device in the device .
and this opens a card .
but these cards were static .
this map grows and glows and serves as orientation in the rest of the book .
it also shows itself in other places of the book .
i 'm going in here .
it 's also important for me to create something that 's very contemporary .
these are the test results .
we 've all heard of fairies and nymphs , but how many people outside of india know their indian colleagues , the outsiders ?
the poor lepers were trapped in cryogenic chambers for thousands of years in some musty old book .
and we bring them back in a contemporary story for children .
it 's a story that deals with new business , like the book club .
on the topic of privacy , a big problem for the past 10 years is that children sit in their rooms , their computers , without going out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
in an interaction of the book , you 're sent on a search , you have to go out and collect images of natural objects with the ipads .
when i was a kid , i used to have collections of cotton balls , rocks , clams and clams .
somehow kids don 't do that anymore .
you have to go out to take a picture of a flower in a chapter .
in another chapter , you have to paint a piece of tree bark .
that 's actually how you create a digital collection of photos you can put online .
a kid in london shows a picture of a fox and says , " oh , today i saw a fox . "
a kid in india says , " today i saw a monkey . "
it creates a social network around a digital collection of photos you actually took .
there 's a variety of ways to connect the world and technology .
in the next book , we 're planning an interaction where you use the video of the ipads and through reality , an animation of elves appearing on a plant outside the house .
at one point , the screen fills with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the wind , blow them away and read the rest of the book .
we 're all moving towards a world where the forces of nature can get closer and approach in magic and technology .
we 're using the sun 's energy .
we bring our children and us closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood by the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is truly an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in custody , jails or jails .
i spend most of my time with the socially vulnerable in the dorms and places where there 's a lot of hopelessness .
being here with ted , seeing and hearing how stimulating this is has given me a lot of strength .
in the short time here , i realized that ted has an identity .
you can say things around here that affect the world .
and sometimes when something comes over ted , it gets a meaning and power it doesn 't have .
i 'm saying this because i think identity is very important .
we 've seen some amazing presentations .
i believe we 've learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good , as a caring doctor , but you can do more .
and that 's why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn 't learn that in my line of work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i grew up in a family , a traditional african-american household dominated by an elite group , and this was my grandmother .
she was a tough , strong woman , she had an effect .
she had the last word in every family squabble .
she was also the point of many disputes in our family .
she was the daughter of an immigrant .
her parents were born slaves in virginia .
she was born in 1880 , and the experience of slavery shaped her world .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also affectionate .
when i met her as a boy , she came at me and hugged me .
then she let me go .
one or two hours later , when i met her , she came at me and said , " do you still feel my hug ? "
and when i said no , she embraced me again .
there was something about her that made you want to be near her .
the only problem was she had ten kids .
my mother was the youngest of her ten children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins were everywhere .
i remember being eight or nine , waking up one morning and walking into the living room .
my grandmother sat at the end of the room staring at me .
at first , i thought this was a game .
i looked at her and smiled , but she looked very serious .
she took me by the hand and said , " come on , bryan , you and i need to talk . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
i 'll never forget it .
she took me outside and said , " dear bryan , i 'm gonna tell you something , but you have to promise not to tell anyone . "
i said promise , grandma .
i said , " yes . "
she sat me down and looked at me and said , " l want you to know i 've been watching you . "
i think you 're special .
i think you can do anything you want to do .
i 'll never forget this .
then she said , " all you have to do is promise me three things , bryan . "
i said okay , grandma .
she said first promise me that you 'll always love your mama .
she said your mama 's my baby , and you have to promise you 'll always take care of her .
i adored my mother , so i said yes , grandma , i will .
then she said , " next , promise me you 'll always do the right thing . "
i thought and said , " yes , grandma , i promise . "
finally , she said that the last thing you have to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol .
well , i was nine years old and so i said , yes , grandma , i promise .
i grew up in the country , in the old rural south , and i have a brother who 's a year older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , my brother came home one day and brought this six-pack of beer with me and my sister and i and went to the woods with us .
we 're just messing around like we used to .
then he took a sip of beer and offered one to my sister , and she accepted , and then they offered me one .
i said no , no , no , no , it 's okay , you guys go ahead , i don 't want any beer .
my brother said do it now .
come on , have a beer .
i said i don 't want to .
my brother stared at me .
what 's wrong with you ?
then he looked me in the face and said , " oh , no , you 're not still freaking out about talking to grandma . "
i said , what are you talking about ?
he said grandma told all the grandkids they were special .
i was devastated .
i 'll tell you something .
i probably shouldn 't be doing this .
this might go public .
i 'm 52 years old , and i confess i 've never had a drop of alcohol .
i 'm not saying this because i think it 's virtuous .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people around us things they don 't believe at first .
we can get them to do things they thought they couldn 't .
of course , my grandmother would tell all her grandchildren you 're special .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
my uncles died of unnatural diseases .
and she believed these were the issues we had to deal with .
i was trying to say something about our justice system .
this country is different from 40 years ago .
in 1972 there were 300,000 people in peshawar and prison .
today it 's 2.3 million .
the united states has the highest security rating in the world today .
seven million people are on parole or on parole .
in my opinion , world leaders have fundamentally changed our world .
in socially weak and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness exist because of these changes .
one out of three black males between 18 and 30 is in custody , in prison , suspended sentence or suspended sentence .
in municipal communities all over the country from los angeles over philadelphia , baltimore to washington , 50 to 60 % of all black men are either in custody , in prison , on parole , or on parole .
but not only will our system be forged by questions associated with military technology , it is also disfigured by poverty .
we have a legal system in this country that treats you much better when you 're rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
fortune , not fault , affects the outcome .
still , we seem quite content .
a policy of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we 've lost contact .
i find that interesting .
there are some major developments .
my alabama state permanently drains the vote if you 're prosecuted .
here and today in alabama , 34 % of the male black population have permanently lost their vote .
we have concluded that in ten years , the quota of the civil liberties union will be as high as before the rite of passage .
the silence is deafening .
i represent children .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world that condemns underprivileged children to death in prison .
in this country , there are life sentences for children without conditional imprisonment .
we 've been running a lot of procedures .
the only country in the world .
i represent people in south africa .
the question of death is an interesting question .
we believe because we were taught that the real question is , does a man deserve to die for a crime he committed ?
that 's a very sensitive question .
you can think of it differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other way of thinking is , did someone deserve to die for a crime ?
i find that fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
nine people we executed , one we found innocent , cleared and released from death row .
one out of nine innocent .
i find that fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly on a plane if for nine planes to take off , one falls .
but somehow we can get away from this problem .
it 's not our problem .
it 's not our burden .
it 's not our fight .
i talk a lot about these questions .
i 'm talking about race and the question of whether we have the right to kill .
i 'm talking about slavery .
i 'm talking about terrorism , time after reconstruction , to the beginning of world war ii .
we don 't really know much about it .
but for the african americans in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to be afraid of commitment issues ,
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that formed her life .
they say no , tell people we grew up with it .
and after terrorism , of course segregation and decades of racist repression and apartheid .
and yet there 's a dynamic in our country . we don 't like to talk about our problems .
we don 't like to talk about our story .
and that 's why we don 't really understand what our actions have in historical context .
we keep bumping into each other .
we always create new tension and conflict .
it 's hard for us to talk about race , and i think that 's because we 're not willing to approach the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that segregation is impossible to overcome without the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this readiness , but not in this country .
i 've given some speeches in germany about the death penalty .
it was fascinating , because one of the scientists got up after my lecture and said , " you know , it 's deeply disturbing to hear you talk like that . "
he said there 's no death penalty in germany .
and of course they can never be in germany again .
and then a woman said , with our story , it 's impossible that we ever speak for the systematic killing of people again .
it would be unconscionable for us to execute people on purpose .
i thought about it .
what it would feel like to live in a world where the german state had people executed , especially if they were tens of thousands of jews .
it would be unbearable .
it would be unconscionable .
and yet there are these mental processes .
i think our identity is under threat .
if we don 't deal with these difficult issues , then the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but at the end of the day , these realities are obscured by suffering , abuse , abandonment , social security .
it seems important to me to unite both .
because we 're finally talking about needing more hope , more commitment , more dedication to survive in a complex world .
for me , that means time to think and talk about the poor , the disadvantaged , the ones that will never be with ted .
but think in a way that 's integrated into our own lives .
we all have to believe things we can 't see in the end .
as rational as we are , as much as we value intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development don 't just come out of our minds .
they come from ideas driven by the conviction in our hearts .
it 's this fantasy that i think keeps us going , not just being open to all the bright and fuzzy things , but also the dark and the dark .
vaclav havel , the great czech politician , once said :
when we fought oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all kinds of things , but what we needed most was hope , a spiritual orientation , the willingness to be in hopeless places sometimes , to be a witness .
this mental orientation is the core of what i believe the creators have to engage in .
there is no distinction between technology and design that allows us to be completely human as long as we don 't have eyes and ears for poverty , cruelty and injustice .
this kind of identity demands a lot more of us than if we didn 't care .
she will touch you deeply .
as a young lawyer , i had the great privilege of meeting rosa parks ,
so these women met and just talked .
every once in a while , mrs carr calls me up and says :
you want to join us and listen ?
and i said yes , very much .
what are you gonna do when you get here ?
i said i 'll listen .
and i went over there and i just listened .
it was always so inspiring , so inspiring .
one day , i sat there listening to these women , and after a few hours , mrs. parks turned to me to say to us :
what are you trying to achieve ?
i started my usual lecture .
i said , let 's try to fight injustice .
we want to help people who were wrongly convicted .
we want to fight bias and discrimination against the justice system .
we want to abolish life sentences with no conditional imprisonment for children .
we want to do something about the death penalty .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to abolish civil unrest .
mm .
she said it would make her very , very tired .
then mrs carr leaned over to me , put a finger on my face and said :
and that 's why i think the prison guard should be braver .
we must find ways to face these challenges , these problems , this suffering .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on all of our humanity .
in my work , i learned simple things .
i learned a few simple things .
that we 're all more than the worst thing we 've ever done .
i believe that goes for every human on the planet .
if someone 's lying , he 's not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn 't belong to him , he 's not just a thief .
even killing someone isn 't just a killer .
and because it is , there is a fundamental human dignity that must respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don 't believe this .
i believe in many places the opposite of poverty is justice .
finally , a society is not measured by how it treats its rich and powerful and privileged , but how it deals with the poor , the condemned , the detainees .
because in this context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i lose balance .
sometimes i push too hard .
i 'm getting tired , like all of us .
sometimes these ideas precede our thinking in a very important way .
i represent these children who have been sentenced too harshly .
i 'm going to county to see a client who may be 13 or 14 years old and should be on trial as an adult .
then i wonder , how did this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something he 's not ?
the judge considers him an adult , but i see a child .
one night i stayed up too long thinking , my goodness , if a judge could turn us into something else , then he must have magic .
right , bryan , the judge has powers .
you should wish for some .
and because it was late , and i couldn 't think straight anymore , i started working on a proposal .
i had a 12-year-old , poor black boy as a client .
and i started with this proposal , and the headline was , " proposed , my poor , underpaid black client , treating like a privileged , white , puerto rican rapist . "
in my motion , i explained that malpractice was considered by the prosecution and the police as well as possible .
there was a crazy line about how nothing is right in this country anymore , that there is only misconduct .
the next morning , i woke up and i didn 't know if i had dreamt this crazy proposal or actually written it .
and to my dismay , i had not only written him , but sent him to court .
a few months passed , and i 'd just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go to court and plead this crazy case .
i got in the car and i was really overwhelmed .
so i went to court .
and i thought it would be so hard , so painful .
finally , i got out of my car and went up the stairs to the courthouse .
when i walked down the stairs to the courthouse , there was an older , black man , the janitor in the courthouse .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , " who are you ? "
i said i 'm a lawyer .
he came to me and hugged me .
then he whispered in my ear .
he said i 'm so proud of you .
and i must say , it gave me strength .
it touched something deep inside me , identity , the ability of each one to contribute to a community , to a perspective of hope .
well , i entered the courtroom .
as soon as the judge saw me ,
did he say , " mr stevenson , " did you file this crazy motion ?
and then we started discussing .
more and more people came in just because they were angry ,
that i wrote those crazy things .
officers came in and deputy prosecutors and office workers .
in no time , the courtroom was full of people who were angry that we were talking about color , poverty , inequality .
out of the corner of my eye , i saw the janitor go up and down .
he kept looking through the window and could hear all the noise .
he was pacing .
finally , this older black man came into the courtroom with a very concerned hedge fund manager and sat right behind me , almost on the bench .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a break .
during recess , a police officer came in who didn 't care that the janitor was in the courtroom .
this deputy ran over to the older black guy .
he said , " jimmy , what are you doing in the courtroom ? "
i came to ted because i believe that many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far behind , but that it is true of justice .
that we are not fully developed as humans until we care about human rights and values .
that our survival is connected to each and every one of them 's survival .
that we must combine our visions of technology and design , of conversation and creativity with humanity , compassion and justice .
and above all , i want to say to those of you who feel the same way , just don 't lose sight of the target .
you 've seen and heard an obvious desire in this audience to help you and do something .
what else can we do ?
bryan stevenson :
if you 're living in california , there 's a relief fund this spring that 's about actually making an effort to redirect something from the system that usually flows into the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars will be spent on the death penalty .
and yet 46 % of all cell phones don 't end with an arrest .
56 % of all appeals don 't go to trial .
there 's a chance to do something here .
this referendum will propose to invest the money in more security and security .
i think there are possibilities everywhere .
in the last three decades , crime rate has dropped huge in america .
that fact is often associated with elevated levels of serotonin .
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
well , actually , the number of violent crimes hasn 't changed much .
most of the drug crimes in this country didn 't really happen in the class of violent crimes .
it was the misguided crusade against drugs .
that 's why the dramatic numbers come from the prisoners .
we got carried away by the rhetoric of punishment .
now , we 've got a lot of highly toxic waste disposal sites that put people away for good , for theft , instead of forcing them to return the items to the victims .
i think we need to do more to help people who 've become victims of a crime , not less .
and i don 't think our current hostage situation is helping anyone .
i think that 's what we need to change .
bryan , you really brought a string here .
you 're an inspiring personality .
thank you for seeing ted .
bin laden 's death carries an increased body weight .
famine in somalia .
vicious cartels .
social decay .
_
various speakers : drug war , weapons of mass destruction .
_
crisis , death , disaster .
oh , my god .
so these are just some of the clips i 've been collecting over the last six months , but it could have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is , the media prefers to show us negative subjects because our minds are paying attention to those issues .
and there 's also a very good reason .
every second of every day , our senses pick up a lot more information than our brains can ever process .
and because we value nothing more than our survival , the first stop for all the information is a part of our amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early warning system , our fear center .
it 's sorting and combing the information looking for any hint of danger in our environment .
so when we watch the news , we prefer to keep an eye out for negative news .
and the old saying , " when it bleeds , demand rises " is very true .
well , with all our digital devices serving us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , all these negative messages , it 's no wonder we 're pessimistic .
it 's no wonder everyone thinks the world is getting worse .
but maybe that 's not the case .
maybe this is reality .
perhaps the enormous progress we 've made in the last century is accelerating through a series of powers , so strong that in the next three decades , we will be able to create a world of natural gas .
well , i 'm not saying we don 't have any big problems - - we do , we do , we do .
and as humans , we 're much better at predicting problems in a very long way , but ultimately overcoming them .
let 's take a look at what we 've accomplished in the last century so we can anticipate the development .
over the last 100 years , average life expectancy has doubled , tripled in the inflation rate of the world 's population .
infant mortality has decreased by one-tenth .
plus , the amount of oxygen , carbon dioxide levels have decreased a lot of times .
steve pink has shown us that we are currently living in a very peaceful time of crisis .
and according to charles kenny , the stock market in the last 130 years has gone from 25 % to 80 % .
we live in a truly extraordinary time .
and a lot of people forget that .
and we keep increasing our expectations .
in fact , we 've redefined poverty .
remember , a large percentage of americans living under the poverty line have access to electricity , water , toilets , tv , air conditioners , and cars .
the wealthiest capitalists of the last century , the most fertile of the earth , could never have dreamed of such luxury items .
the basis of a lot of this is technology , and these grow more sophisticated .
my good friend ray cataldo has shown us that any tool that becomes a liability makes great leaps on the curve of moore 's law and doubles every 12 to 24 months .
that 's why the cell phone in your pocket costs about a million times less and is a thousand times faster than a 70 's supercomputer .
now look at this curve .
that 's moore 's law for the last hundred years .
notice two things on this curve .
one , how it goes smoothly - for better or for worse , war or peace , recession , depression and anxiety .
this is the result of faster computers building faster computers .
it 's not slowing down for any of our major problems .
besides , despite her lack of balance on the left , she 's going up .
so the growth rate itself is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore 's law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies available to everyone .
how many of you saw the victory of supercomputer watson at risk ?
that was terrific .
i went through the papers once looking for the best headlines i could find .
i love these , " watson defies human adversaries . "
" risk " is not an easy game .
it 's about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence would be available to any owner of an automobile .
four years ago , ray brower and i started a new university here at ted 's called " university university . "
we teach our students all these technologies with special focus on how these can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we ask the students , companies , to create products and services that can positively sustain human life within a decade .
think about it . a group of students today can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have sounded ridiculous .
today , we can refer to dozens of businesses that have done just that .
when i think of creating wealth , i don 't mean a life of luxury for everyone on this planet , it 's about creating a life of opportunity .
it 's about making money out of meager possessions .
scarcity is food shortages , and technology is a powerful resource .
here 's an example .
this is the story of napoleon iii in the middle of the 18th century .
he 's the guy on the left .
he invited the king of siam to dinner .
napoleon 's soldiers were given military orders , napoleon himself was given military orders .
the king of siam , however , was given immunity .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet at the time , more valuable than gold and platinum .
this is why the dome of the arcadian was made of aluminum .
although aluminum is taking 80 % of the carbon dioxide , it doesn 't seem like pure metal .
it 's connected by oxygen and oxygen .
but then , the technology of the mars colony was developed and made it so convenient that we use it with our technology .
then let 's project that analogy into the future .
we 're thinking today of the day .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet filled with more energy than we use every year .
16 kinetic energy flows to the surface every 88 minutes .
it 's not scarcity , the problem is scarcity .
and there 's good news .
this year , it 's the first time you 've managed to reduce the cost of visiting fees in india to 50 % of your salary .
solar power cost dropped 50 % last year .
last month , this published with a study showing that up to the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states solar energy will cost 6 cents a day compared to 15 cents on national average .
and if we have a pool table , we 'll have plenty of water .
let 's talk about getting married .
do you remember when carl sagan turned around the earth in 1990 when it passed saturn ?
he took a famous picture .
" a pale blue dot . "
because we live on a farm .
we live on a planet that 's 70 % covered in water .
yeah , it 's 5.3 percent saltwater , two percent iced , and we 're fighting for 0.5 % of the water on the planet , but there 's hope here , too .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
there are new arrivals on the way .
it can generate a thousand gallons of clean water every day from different sources , whether saltwater , distilled water , latrine , and all for less than two cents a gallon .
the president of coca-cola has just agreed to launch a large nuclear strike with 100 units in south africa .
and if all goes well , and i 'm very confident , then coca-cola will use this technology global in 206 countries all over the planet .
this is cutting-edge innovation that exists today .
and we 've seen this on c-span .
oh , my gosh , we 're about to reach the 70 % absorption rate of hydrogen gas in 2013 to the end of 2013 .
just remember , a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better record than president reagan 25 years ago .
and when you google your smartphone , you have more access to know and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world with information and communication abundant , as no one could ever predict .
and it 's even better , the things that you and i have spent several thousand dollars on - gps , photo albums , libraries full of books and music , technology for medical diagnostics - now becoming literally consulting and cheaper on your phone .
and the best part might be what awaits us in the field of health .
in the last month , i 've had the pleasure of introducing the so-called $ 10 million prototype x chip .
we 're challenging teams all over the world to connect all these technologies to each other on a cell phone so you can talk to the device because it 's equipped with ai , you can test blood tests or blood tests .
and to win , the device must make a better diagnosis than a team of trained doctors .
imagine this device in the middle of an emergency room where there are no doctors , but 25 % of the transplant and 1.3 % of the staff .
if this device is designed to emit a polaron burst or something unknown , it will call the health department and prevent a pandemic from breaking out .
but now for the greatest power that will lead us to a world of confusion .
i call it " the next billion . "
white lines represent population .
we just crossed the line .
and by the way , the biggest insurance policy against an oil pipeline is a better education and nutrition in the world .
in 2010 , we just connected between two billion people online .
by 2020 , we will rise from 2 to 5 billion .
three billion new heads we 've never heard of will join global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will you consume ?
and instead of standing still , i see one of the greatest economic realities in history .
these people represent several trillion dollars going into the global economy .
and they 'll get healthier using the 3-d printer , and they 'll be better trained by the encryption codes , and by having the opportunity to use 3-d printer and 3d printer technology , and be so much more productive than ever .
so what can three billion growth , healthy , educated , productive members of the oil industry bring us ?
how about a set of new , never voted before ?
how about giving the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to draw attention and create change for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about contributions we can 't even predict ?
one of the things i learned from the x corporation is that small teams motivated by passion and focus can create extraordinary things , things big corporations and governments could only do in the past .
i want to finish a story that really excited me .
there 's a program some might already know .
it 's a game called sagittarius .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it 's a game where people can use a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein will develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the business community .
so far , this has been a problem for supercomputers .
and this game was played by entertainers and such .
and there are now hundreds of thousands of people playing the game online .
and it showed that today the human genome technology would fold the proteins better than the best supercomputer .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in our future is the fact that today we have more power than individuals to face the great challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with advanced technology .
we have the passion of a musketeer .
we have the capital of the united states .
and we have three billion new heads to work with online to cope with the new challenges , and to do what it takes .
we 're expecting some extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a piece of medical culture .
and i think it starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
and maybe i 've been in business long enough to allow myself to give up a piece of my own fake i.d. to make that happen .
but before i get to the bottom of my argument , let 's start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we 're close to the heavyweight championship .
we all love baseball , don 't we ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
" basketball players " is about to appear and revolve around statistics and use them to build a great baseball team .
i 'm going to refer to a statistic i hope most of you have heard .
it 's the mating season .
we 're talking about a 300 when a bat hits 300 .
that means the player must be hitting three out of ten .
that means hitting the ball to the first base , he pops up , he doesn 't get caught , and whoever tried to throw the ball to first base didn 't make it , and the runner was safe .
three out of ten .
you know what they call a baseball bat in major league ?
good , really good , maybe a brain aneurysm .
do you know what it 's called to be a sex offender ?
that 's someone who , by the way , will hit four out of ten .
legendary - like ted williams legendary - the last major league baseball player who met over 400 times during a regular season .
let 's transfer back to my world of medicine where i 'm feeling a lot better or maybe a little less comfortable after talking to you about it .
assuming you have appendicitis , and you 're being transferred to a operative whose image is 400 in terms of intelligence .
it doesn 't work , does it ?
suppose you live in a certain remote area , and you have a beloved person with a congested lung , and your physician transfers this to a cardiologist whose heart rate is at 32 .
but , you know what ?
she 's much better this year .
and she 's hitting a 257 .
somehow it doesn 't work .
but i 'm gonna ask you a question .
how do you think a cardiologist or a nurse or an orthopedic surgeon should be an obstetrician , a cardiologist ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is , no one in all this medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a surgeon should be .
what we do , however , is that we send every one of them , including me into the world with the right to be perfect .
never make a mistake , but nobody cares about the details of how this is going to be done .
and this is the message i took in med school .
i was an obsessive college student .
in high school , a classmate once said that brian was studying for a blood test .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little study group at the nurses ' residence at toronto general hospital not far from here .
i memorized everything .
in my heart rate , i learned the origins and strains of every artery , every branch of every artery , which emerged from the aorta , obscure and common bile duct .
i even knew the differential in order to simulate multiple personality disorder .
and all the time , i collected more and more knowledge .
and i was good , i graduated cum laude .
and i left med school with the impression that if i knew everything by heart and knew everything , or at least as close as i could , i was immune to making mistakes .
and it worked for a while until i met mrs. drucker .
i was working on a teaching hospital here in toronto as mrs. drucker was brought to me in the hospital 's medical facility .
at that point , i was assigned to the assigned shift at the assigned post office .
and it was my mission when the opposing counsel sought to investigate the mutant leader .
and report back to my attending .
i examined mrs. drucker and she was in respiratory distress .
and when i listened to her , she was making high-pitched noises .
and when i punctured her chest with the nasal cavity , i could hear a rumbling on both sides , which tells me she suffered from congestive heart failure .
it 's a condition where the heart fails instead of pumping the blood further , part of the blood settles in the lungs and gradually fills it , so the shortness of breath came .
and that wasn 't hard to diagnose .
i hired her and i went to the treatment .
i gave her aspirin .
i gave her medicine , which we call medicinal herbs , water tablets , so she could drain the fluid .
and over a period of an hour and a half to two , she started to feel better .
i felt really good .
and that 's when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent her home without talking to my attending .
i didn 't pick up the phone and do what i should have , which would have been a call to my attending to check with him , so he had a chance to take a picture of himself .
and he knew her , he would have been able to contribute additional information to her .
maybe i did it for a reason .
maybe i didn 't want to be the needy doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility for acting like this , and so i would be able to take care of my patients without having to contact him .
my second mistake was worse .
by sending you home , i disobeyed a quiet voice trying to tell me , " goldman , not a good idea . "
" do you think it 's okay if she goes home ? "
and the nurse thought about it and said , " sure , i think she 'll be fine . "
i remember it like it was yesterday .
so i signed the discharge papers and an ambulance and paramedics came and took her home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , i had this nagging feeling in my stomach .
but i kept working .
and at the end of the day , i packed my things , left the hospital , and went to the parking lot to drive the car home when i did something i didn 't usually do .
i went through the vents on my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the nurse who had looked at mrs. drucker , but another three words to me , and those three words fear most of the language i know .
other physicians fear them as well , but the treatment is especially , because we see patients so harshly .
the three words are , remember ?
" do you remember the patient you sent home ? "
the nurse asked objectively .
" so she 's back , " she said in this particular register .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she arrived home , after i sent her home , she collapsed , and the family called 911 .
she barely breathed and turned blue .
the graviton field was draining .
they gave her a free pass .
they put her in the nicu .
i was shocked and devastated .
and i went through this roller coaster because she came to the icu after the surgery , and i was hoping that she would recover .
and after two or three days , it became clear that she would never wake again .
she had irreversible brain damage .
her family gathered .
and over the next eight or nine days , they surrendered to what happened .
on the blessed day , they leave mrs. drucker , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
they say you never forget their names .
and that 's the first time i 've heard this myself .
if you make amends and never make the mistake again .
that 's the kind of shameful shame .
the unhealthy way i 'm talking about is the one that makes you sick inside .
it 's the one who tells you that not what you 've done is bad , but that you 're bad yourself .
and that 's what i felt .
and it wasn 't on my account , he was very sweet .
he talked to the family , and i 'm sure he weighed the waves and made sure i wasn 't sued .
but i 've been asking myself these questions ever since .
why didn 't i ask the attending ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
slowly but surely it settled .
i started to feel better .
and then on a cloudy day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun came out , and i told myself maybe i could feel better .
and i acted out that if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never made another mistake , the voice could fall silent .
and she did .
and i kept working .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i was on duty at the va hospital north of toronto , and i found a 25-year-old male with his throat cut .
it was busy and i was in a hurry .
he always pointed here .
i looked down the throat , and it was a little pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him away .
and when he walked out the door , he pointed at his throat .
two days later , i came to my next staff meeting , and my chief asked me to talk to her office .
and she said the three words , remember ?
" remember the patient with the irritated jaws ? "
turns out he 's a serial killer .
he had a potentially virulent disease called progeria .
you can google that , but it 's not a respiratory infection , it 's an upper airway , and it 's causing the airway clasp .
and luckily , he didn 't die .
he received intravenous medication and recovered a few days later .
and i went through the same ordeal of shame and self-doubt , felt liberated , and went back to work until it happened again and again .
i missed appendicitis twice in a kidney infection .
there 's a lot to it , especially considering you work in a hospital that only had 14 patients a night at the time .
either way , i didn 't send her home , and i don 't think there were any flaws in her treatment .
one of them thought he had kidney stones .
i ordered an x-ray of the kidneys , and when it wasn 't found , my colleague , while examining the patient 's abdominal cavity , found a puncture wound in the lower right sector and called the abdominal wall .
the other one had severe diarrhea .
i ordered balfont to bring him in , and i asked my colleague to see him , too .
and he did , and when he detected a radiation surge in the right lower sector , he called the emergency generators .
both cases were operated , and they were fine .
both cases piled on me , devoured me .
and i 'd be happy to tell you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years , which many of my colleagues say is total nonsense .
some of my childhood experiences have happened in the last five years .
alone , ashamed and without support .
here 's the problem : if i can 't close my mistakes and talk about them , if i have the quiet voice telling me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
how can i teach you my mistakes so you don 't make the same ones ?
if i go into a room like this right now , i have no idea what you 're thinking about me .
when was the last time you heard from someone who talked about failure about failure ?
oh , yeah , they 're going to a cocktail party , and you might hear about some other doctor , but you won 't hear anyone talk about their own mistakes .
and in fact , if i or my colleagues knew that an orthopedist in my hospital had taken someone 's wrong leg , believe me , i 'd have trouble looking him in the eye .
this is the system we live in .
it 's a total denial of mistakes .
it 's a system in which there are two basic positions - - - those who make mistakes and those who don 't make them , those who limit sleep deprivation and those without restrictions , those with bad results and good results .
it 's almost ideological reaction , like antibodies attacking a human .
and there 's the idea that if we banish those who make mistakes from medicine , we 'll have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely necessary .
we work in a system where mistakes happen every day when one out of 10 doses is either a fake or wrong shot in which gravity keeps increasing and wreaking havoc or death .
in this state , about 24,000 canadians are dying from crippling mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine represents the number of 100,000 .
both are highly reactive because we don 't see the problem as closely as we should .
and it 's the main thing .
in a medical lab where medical knowledge doubles every two to three years , we can 't compete .
sleep deprivation is rampant .
we can 't get rid of him .
we have a cognitive error so we can use a perfect chest pain for a patient .
then i take the same patient with sodium amytal , make him sweaty and chatty , and add a mildly irritated breath , and suddenly the story is riddled with contempt .
i 'm not taking the same course .
i 'm not a robot ; i don 't always do things the same .
and my patients aren 't cars ; they don 't always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all this in summary , mistakes are inevitable .
so if you take the system the way i was taught to do it , and you get rid of all the environmental controls , then there 's no one left .
and do you know the story about people who don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
and then your pupils dilate , you hit your head , then you look down and swallow hard , and start telling your stories .
they want to tell their stories .
they want to be able to say , " look , don 't make the same mistakes i made . "
what you need is an environment that enables you to do so .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the newly defined doctor is a person , white to his humanity , accepts her , is not proud to make mistakes , but make every effort to learn from them so it can be passed down .
she shares her experience with others .
she supports other people 's mistakes .
and she shows others their mistakes , not to expose them , but in a loving , loving way so that everyone benefits .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people fill the system with life , and if so , then people make mistakes from time to time .
my name is brian goldman .
i 'm the newly defined doctor .
i 'm human , i make mistakes .
i 'm sorry , but i 'm trying to learn best from it to pass it on to others .
i don 't know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
let me finish with three of my own words , i remember .
i 'm gonna talk about a tiny little idea .
it 's about myasthenia gravis .
and because you can explain that idea in a minute , i 'm gonna tell you three stories to use the time .
the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you must know he was here .
they may think he was hunting finches , but they weren 't .
actually , he was collecting fish .
he described one of them as " ordinary . "
it was an accident .
up to the ' 80s , he was fished in great style .
now he 's on the red list of endangered species .
this is a story we 've heard many times from the off-world colonies or other places , it 's not very special .
still , we 're still getting to the chase commission .
we still think they 're original .
the brochures still describe you as untouched .
what happened here ?
i want the second story to clarify a different concept , the more advanced theory .
because i saw it when i was studying a lagoon in boras .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could blend in .
and i got a terrible sunburn and i was convinced i really wasn 't from there .
it was my first sunburn .
as you can see , the lagoon of palm trees and some mangrove swamp rats .
there 's been a range of about 20 centimeters , some kind of spatial anomaly .
the home invasions were very competitive , and the fishermen lived off it and did well in ghana .
when i returned there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half his size .
mature , they measured five centimeters .
they were genetically crushed .
they were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish was lucky to still be there .
so nothing has changed , yet everything has changed .
my third little story tells of my complicity in the formation of the southeast asia division .
in the ' 70s , more like the start of the ' 60s , europe sponsored a lot of financial markets .
it means countries that have already caught 100,000 fish , the industrial fishing of this rather ugly ship is called the 4 .
i was riding on it , and we were making boards all over the south china sea , especially in the south china sea .
we had no words for what we caught there .
i know now it was the bottom of the sea .
90 % of our food supply was sponges , other animals connected to the bottom .
most of the fish , the little dots there on the debris , the debris , were fish droppings .
essentially , the bottom of the sea came on deck and was set back .
these images are extraordinary because the transition goes very quickly .
within a year , you run an elevation , and then you start fishing .
because , in this case , a hard reason or soft coral is going to suck .
it 's a dead turtle .
they weren 't eaten , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we captured one alive .
she hadn 't drowned yet .
then they tried to kill you because you could eat them well .
in fact , this mountain of debris is accumulated by fishermen every time they go into areas that have never been fished before .
it 's not documented .
we 're changing the world , but we don 't remember it .
we adjust our sensor array to the new level , and we don 't remember what was there .
if you put it back , here 's what happens .
there 's a couple of good things on the main island , a number of orca , the green of your country , the water supply .
it changes in time , because for people , their actions are natural .
every generation looks at the images they record at the beginning of their conscious lives as standard and will deduce everything .
the difference is perceived as a loss .
but you 're not aware of the previous losses .
there can be a sequence of changes .
and in the end , all they want is the pathetic remains .
that 's basically our goal now .
we want things that have disappeared or things that aren 't what they were anymore .
you 'd think now that the problem was about people who certainly lived in overcrowded societies killed animals and didn 't realize what they had done until a few generations ago .
because obviously , an animal that 's been around a lot is gonna be rare once before it gets out .
so you don 't lose a lot of eligible animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that 's why it 's not perceived as a great loss .
in time , we focus on the big animals and in the sea , they 're the big fish .
they 're getting rarer because we catch them .
with time , there 's little fish left , and we think it 's the fish market .
the question is why people accept it .
well , because you don 't know it used to be different .
of course , many people , scientists , will confirm that it was really different .
you will confirm it , because the evidence as you displayed in an earlier form is not how you would like to present the evidence .
there 's an anecdote , for example , that the report of a captain something that observed large quantities of food in this area can 't be used , or is not normally judged by water molecules because it 's not " scientific . "
so we have a situation that people don 't know the past , even though we live in educated societies because they don 't trust the sources of the past .
it shows the tremendous amount of character that an actor can play .
because we 're basically rebuilding the past through computer technology .
we 're restoring the past that people can 't understand because of the change in time and are very low .
it allows the people to see a mirror image and benefit from the insight it allows them to reset their neural pathways .
what about the people who can 't do that because they don 't have access to the midwest , for example ?
here , i think art and the movie can fill the gap , as well as simulations .
this is the chesapeake bay simulation .
a long time ago , there were drug attacks - 500 years ago .
and you might remember " avatar . "
when you think about " avatar , " when you think about why people were so touched by it , except for the " avatar , " why were you so touched by the particle accelerator explosion ?
because it 's something that 's lost in a way .
so my recommendation , the only one i 'm gonna give is to cameron to make " avatar ii " underwater .
thank you .
in the ' 80s , in the communist east germany , you had to have a typewriter registered to the government .
they also had to register a piece of paper from this typewriter .
the reason the government was able to trace where a text came from .
if they found an article with false ideas , they could track down the author of these thoughts .
and we in the west couldn 't understand how anyone could do that , and how much that would limit freedom of speech .
in our own countries , we would never do such a thing .
it happens to us today .
and nobody seems to be upset about that .
and that was an example of how our own governments use technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three main sources of today 's existing energy reserves .
let 's take a look at what 's really happening in the world .
we 've got three bogeys .
there 's a fire hazard .
for example , here , this is mr. porringer from kiev in ukraine .
and the motives of murder are very easy to understand .
these people make money .
they 're using street money to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are several known cases of gang violence , terrorist attacks that have earned their money .
this is vladimir nikolayevich from estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
stephen watt .
bjorn hasle .
this is matthew anderson , tariq massoud , et cetera , et cetera .
u.s. intelligence froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam dworsky here two months ago , and in that account was $ 3,700 million u.s. dollars when it was frozen .
the whereabouts are unknown .
and i submit that today is more likely that we will be victims of a crime in the real world .
and it 's very obvious this is only gonna get worse .
in the future , most crimes will play online .
the second largest intelligence gathering we have today is not motivated by money .
you 're motivated by something else- - protests like an opinion or your audience .
groups like anonymous have moved up over the last 12 months and become one of the top players on the field of defense .
so these are the three terrorist groups , criminals who do it for money , like anonymous , who resist , but the last group are nations , governments running the attacks .
we 're looking at cases like von deenis 's .
it shows exemplary what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
nazca 's a secret room from the netherlands - or was .
in the last fall , it had to declare bankruptcy .
someone broke in and hacked the system thoroughly .
and last week in a meeting with dutch velders , i asked one of the leaders of this group if he thought it possible that people had died because of the virus .
and his answer was yes .
well , how do people die in the wake of such a hack ?
- what ?
they 're selling aluminum siding .
what do you do with firecrackers ?
well , a certificate is required when you have a web site with services rendered , for instance .
but you can if you 're into a foreign
hacking and making fake id cards .
and that 's exactly what happened in case of emergency surgery .
how is it with the arab spring and the things that , for example , happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt , the insurgents raided the egyptian secret police headquarters in april 2011, and they found a lot of files .
in these files , there was a folder called the foxglove .
and in this folder , there were notes of a local company in germany selling some programs to the egyptian government with which they were able to intercept any communication from the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program to the egyptian government .
the command module is right here .
so western governments supply totalitarian governments to fight against their own citizens .
but western governments help themselves .
for example , in germany only a few weeks ago , the so-called " pah-wraith . " that was a trojan used by germans to spy on their own citizens .
if you 're suspected of a criminal case , your phone will be tapped .
but today we 're way beyond that .
you 're tapping your internet connection .
they use funds like the computer virus to reprogram their computer with a trojan that allows them to monitor their entire communications , tap their passwords .
so if we keep thinking about these things , the obvious answer would be , " okay , that sounds bad , but it doesn 't concern me because i 'm a good citizen .
i don 't have to worry !
i have nothing to hide . "
and that argument doesn 't make any sense .
privacy must be given .
privacy is out of the question .
it 's not a decision between privacy and security .
it 's a choice between freedom and control .
and while today , in 2011 , we may trust our governments , every right we give up is gone forever .
and do we trust , blind to any future government , a government we may have in 50 years ?
these are the questions we have to deal with for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to you , but i 'm a big fan of yours .
the first deposits were made in 1868 and included in a simple idea : modules made of cement with predetermined measurements that matched .
it was very quick to become the most destructive force in the world .
they put us in a position to build things bigger than us , buildings , bridges , one stone at a time .
essentially , the doomsday killer had become the cornerstone of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , legos came out with this .
it was called " automatic rock . "
and within a few years , lego moved into every household .
it 's estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
you don 't have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
legos made it happen for everyone .
legos basically took the world 's favorite movie , and made it a reality check for our imagination .
in the meantime , the next year at bell labs , the next revolution was announced .
the transistor was a little transistor radio that would take us from a world of static , reflective blocks to a world where everything was wireless .
like the cinder block , the transistor allows us to build much bigger , more complex carbon dioxide , one stone at a time .
but the transistor was for experts only .
personally , i don 't accept the fact that our time is reserved for experts , and so i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was in the media lab , and i began to explore this idea of how to place the power of engineers in the hands of artists and artists .
a few years ago , i was starting to develop alien technology .
let me show you how they work .
particle beams are electronic modules that have a specific function .
they 're designed to be light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best part is , they connect with magnets .
you can 't put them in the wrong place .
the stones are solid .
green is issue , blue is power , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue one and a green one , and you can build bigger fish tanks very quickly .
you put a blue one on a green one , and you can light it .
you can put a switch in between , and so you created a small window .
take out the switch to insert a tracking device that 's here , and you made a little blinker .
add this buzzer for an additional effect , and you 've created a feedback loop .
i 'm gonna stop this .
beyond the easy part of the game , it 's actually pretty powerful .
instead of programming , wiring , or soldering , you 're allowed to program them with simple , painless gestures .
so to speed up or slow down the signal , just turn on this button , and it slows down the pulse .
the idea behind nazca is that it 's a growing library .
we want to take every single interaction in this world into a bottomless rock .
lights , sounds , engine , everything should be available .
we 've distributed video cards to children and watched them play with them .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is how they start to understand the electronics that surround them in everyday life and they don 't learn at school .
like a night-light works or why the elevator 's doors creak or how an ipod responds to touch .
we 've also taken jennsen .
so , for example , we had designers with no experience in anything electronic that started playing with household appliances as material .
here we see , with felt , paper , and water bottles ...
a few weeks ago , we took samples of paper and gave them to some lab techs who didn 't have any technical experience - just cardboard , wood and paper - and said , " do something . "
here 's an example of a project you were doing , an architectural firm .
but wait , this is really my favorite place .
it 's a lobster made of dough that 's afraid in the dark .
for this data analysis , computer software became another material , electronics just became another material .
and we want to make this material available to everyone .
so the opening is open source .
you can go to the web site , download all the video files and make them yourself .
we want to encourage the world of creators , the creator , the cast , because this world we live in , this interactive world is ours .
so go ahead and start inventing .
thank you .
